5378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
members of the General. Assembly of said State as
provided for in the constitution thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for _ other purposes," approved March 2,
1867, as prohibits the organization, arming, or call-
ing into service of the militia forces in the States
of Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. POMEROY. This I notice to be a
House bill. It was sent to the Senate some'
time ago, amended, sent back to the House,
and it now comes to the Senate a second time
as a House bill amended. Under these cir-
cumstances I move, with the distinct under-
standing that I shall not be on the committee,
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House, and ask for a conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing amended the House bill to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress
of the United States, the House of Represent-
atives concurred in the amendments of the
Senate, with two amendments, striking out all
of the amendment of the Senate after the word
"that" in the first line, and also striking out
thepreamble; and the question is upon concur-
rence ; and the Senator from Kansas moves  
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask a question.
I suppose that upon this question those who
vote against the proposition of the Senator are
understood to vote to concur with the House.
I wish the Senate to understand that, so that
it may be regarded as a test question. Those
who vote for the motion of the Senator from
Kansas vote for a committee of conference;
those who vote against his motion vote to pass
this bill just as it came from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill is open to
amendment, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then those who 
Mr. STEWART. The first question is on
concurrence. I move that the Senate concur
in the House amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If any Senator
insists upon it, the first vote under the parlia-
mentary law is on concurrence. A motion to
non-concur and ask for a committee of con-
ference cannot be entertained if any Senator
demands that the vote be taken on concurrence.
A motion to concur, with ui amendment, has
priority of a motion to concur absolutely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is open to amend-
ment ; and a vote to concur in the bill as it is
of course cannot be had while an amendment
is pending.
Mr. POMEROY. My object was to cut off
debate. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appreciate the object
of the Senator from Kansas ; and I do not know
but that I would, for one, be willing it should
take that course, and that would avoid debate
about it. If we could unanimously non-con-
cur in the House bill, and appoint a committee
of conference, it is possible they might agree
on something that would be acceptable all
around, and avoid any debate. I think per-
haps that is the better course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nevada, however, has insisted on having
the question put on concurring.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate refuses to
do that, and insists on taking a vote directly on
concurrence, this bill is open for amendment,
and it will be necessary to move some amend-
ments. There is no understanding, I think, in
regard to the bill as it is. I have some observa-
tions to make upon it, but Iwillnot_makethem_
now. I am willing, if the Senate is, to allow
the vote to be taken on non-concurring at once,
and I think the Senator from Nevada had
better do it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am inclined to think
that is the best way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just let us non-concur
and appoint a committee of conference, and see
if we cannot make it acceptable.
Mr. STEWART. Iam willing to take the
sense of the Senate. I will not stand in the
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Butthevote of the Sen-
ate on the motion of the Senator from Nevada
makes concurrence, and that is the end of it.
Mr. CONKLING-. We mean to take the
sense of the Senate on the motion to non-
concur.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Kansas is that the Senate
non-concur, and ask for a conference.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that motion will
not prevail. ["Vote!" "Vote!"] I think we
had better concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, and put an end to
this long and painful controversy. That is my
idea about it. I think the bill has been well
considered by both Houses of Congress. I
hope the Senate will refuse to non-concur.
["Vote!" "Vote!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kansas,
that the Senate non-concur and ask for a con-
ference.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 34, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Casscrly, Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Crngin,
i'ov/lcr, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Ilarlan,
Harris, Ilowe, Johnston,Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill
ot Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Koss,Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurs, Scott., SPrague, Stockton,
Tliurman. Trumbull,Warner,Willcy.and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boremnn, Cameron, Chand-
ler, l>rakc, Gilbert, llajriillon of Texas, Howard,
Howell, Lewis, Morton, JSyc, Pool, lla.msey, Rice,
Robertson, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Wil-
liams, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cattell,
Davis, Edmunds, FentQu, Ferry, Fbmosan, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Osborn, llevels,
Shenmin, Tipton, and Viekors—1G.
So the motion of Mr. Po.uebox was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee of conference be appointed?
Mr. POMEROY. I slated distinctly, though
making the motion, that I declined to be a
member of the committee. I move that the
Chair appoint the committee.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
EVENING! SESSION BUSINESS.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that in his absence the Senator from
Nevada had been recognized and yielded to
allow this motion to be made.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 973, to prohibit contracts for servile
labor. I do not think it will causc any discus-
sion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Nevada
yields to me long enough to submit a motion
for a recess from half past four to half past
seven -o'clock this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order,
to-day being the alternate day.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate take
a recess from half past four until half past
seven o'clock, and I will suggest the business
for the evening. I want the bill as to servile
labor contracts to be disposed of, and I for one
am desirous that the bill providing for the
Australian steamship line should be passed,
and then I submit the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, that we commence with
the Calendar where we left off when we first
went through it—that we go on with that to-
night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves that the Senate take a recess
from half past four until half past seven o'clock
to-day. That motion is in order to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have no
session this evening. I think we ought not to sit
every evening in the week until twelve o'clock.
I do not think the public business requires it.
We have got this Georgia question out of the
way——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
a recess is not debatable unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the motion in order
then ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is m order to-
day, this being the alternate day at which,
under a resolution of the Senate, it was decided
that there should be evening sessions when a
majority ordered them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When was the rule
adopted that a motion for a recess was not
debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ithasbeen ruled
repeatedly that it is not debatable, as it grows
out of a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have_ always been
in the habit of debating the question of recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it were debata-
ble the Senate might find'it as difficult to take
a recess as they would to adjourn if the motion
to adjourn were debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
that the Senate take a recess from half past
four until half past seven o'clock. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska went on to indicate certain
bills to be considered in the evening; but that
is not included in the motion.
Mr. MORtiILL, of Maine. I have a report
from a committee of conference to submit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the distinct
motion for a recess?
The VICE PRESIDENT. For a recess,
without designating the business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not carry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska,
that the Senate take a recess from half past
four until half past seven o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in regard
to servile labor is before the Senate, and the
Senator from Nebraska asks unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. STEWART. No; I want this bill con-
sidered. We can get through it. I objeet.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a con-
ference renort to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the conference report.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. ^ MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 1601) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of thelxovernment
for the year ending June 30. TS71, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
tli eir respective Houses, as tollows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered S and 12.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, ly
11,13,15, and 10.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 4, with the
following amendments: on page 1, line seventeen,
ot the bill strike out the word " Japanand in lines
eighteen and nineteen, of the same page, strike out
the words "forty-two thousand five hundred " and
insert m lieu the words "thirty-five thousand;" and
the benate agree to the same.
House recede from their disagreement to
the nub, sixth, and seventh amendments of thcSen-
atc and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments : strike out all ot said amendments, and strike
out lines four and five of the bill, on page 2 and
insert in lieu the following:
1'orsalary of minister resident and consul general
at llayti* &7.3U0.
For salary of minister resident and consul general
at Liberia, 64,000.
And the Senate agree to the same.
lhat the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with the following amendments: strikeout
the words proposed to be inserted by said amend-
ment ; and on page 2, line twenty-throe of the bill,
slukeom the word fifty "and insert in lieu the
words one hundred ; ' and the Senate agree to the
same.
Ihat the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth.amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: onpag$
