1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
and all over that country are the remains of
* settlements which have been broken up and
destroyed by the atrocious acts of these wild
men.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I renew the amendment. When
it was announced that the President intended
to change our whole Indian policy and adopt a
more pacific one, endeavoring to accomplish by
another method that which it has been the aim
of our Government to accomplish since its first
establishment, I looked upon it with favor. I
knew, as we all know, that under the policy
which had been carried out and which was
tantamount to extermination, by driving the
Indian back, and back, and back; by making
treaties with them which we ourselves were the
first to violate by sending our Indian agents and
others among them to plunder them of the poor
pittance to which they were entitled under the
treaties made with our Government—I knew, as |
we all knew, that that system had been fruitful of j
wrong, oppression, andinhumanity. I therefore '
was with the President in a desire for a change
of policy and to endeavor to accomplish by
pacific means that which had been attempted
by an inhuman mode, and one which had failed.
But that pacific means has been changed, as
I am bound to believe, in violation of the orders
and wishes of the President of the United States.
In the dead hour of winter General Sheridan
sends an army of men into a settlement of
Indians, among the lodges of these Indians;
and according to an official report that army
kills one hundred and seventy-three aged men
and women and young children, all of whom
were in a state of disease, in a condition of
non-resistance. So far as we know they were
persons who had in no way committed depre-
dations such as those referred to by the gentle- ]'
man from Montana [Mr. Cayanaugh] and the
gentleman from Arizona, [Mr. McCormick.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. This Piegan tribe,
which is now so much an object of pity 
Mr. WOOD. I cannot yield for interrup-
tions if they are to be taken out of my time.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Very well; I sup-
posed the gentleman would not object to a cor-
rection.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I can sympa-
thize with the gentlemen who live upon the
frontiers; I can sympathize with the gentle-
men from Montana, New Mexico, and Arizona, i
They reside in the midst of Indians who have i
been aggravated to commit depredations upon j
the white people. But I do not admit that we
gentlemen who live in the eastern States are j
notcompetenttoformajust and correct opinion
upon this whole question. I say, teach the ;
Indians their duty to the Government; do with
them as you are now proposing to do with the
freednien of the South. Educate them and I
their children; civilize them ; make them citi-
zens ; make them useful; make them humane.
Do not plunder them, as they have so frequently
been plundered through the Indian agents. We
have paid them money and then taken that
money from them in exch&uge for whisky.
We have taught them the vices of the white
man without any of his virtues. We have
given them rifles; we have given them rum ;
and then, when crazed by liquor, they have
committed those wrong3 by which we justify i:
our oppressive system of treatment.
Sir, I am against such a policy. I believe 1
that the bill now before us is a proper bill. It
proposes that we shall adopt a new system in
dealing with the Indians. I want to see this I
new policy adopted. Let us try this new method ;
of pacification, of education, of moral culture, i
Let us teach the Indians civilization as we have
learned it ourselves, and in my judgment the
dreadful scenes described by the gentleman
from Arizona [Mr. McCormick] and the gen-
tlemen from other Territories will not be re-
peated.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Is that any
new system ?
Mr. WOOD. It may not be new, but it
has been too little practiced since the days of
William Penn.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Chairman, on Fri-
day last a severe attack was made here on Gen-
eral Sheridan for the issuance of an order which
he made and which, as has been alleged, led
to the recent massacre in Montana. I thought
then that that charge was very unjust; but I
should not have alluded to it now if it had not
again been referred toby the honorable gentle-
man from New York [Mr. .Wood] who has
just taken his seat. Sir, it was sought to fix
the stigma of that transaction upon General
Sheridan, and upon him alone. N othing could
be more unfair, unjust, and untruthful. There
is another general standing between General
Sheridan and these Indians; that man is Gen-
eral Hancock.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] permit me to refer
him to the official correspondence ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I know all about that.
Mr. WOOD. General Hancock is in no way
implicated by that correspondence. He had
nothing to do with this massacre in any way.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to say, if the
gentleman from Minnesota will permit me, that
General Hancock indorses the act, as I know.
Mr. W0 OD. Where is the gentleman's evi-
dence of the fact? No evidence showing any
such fact is on record in the Department.
Mr. WILKINSON. I must decline to yield
further.
Mr. Chairman, the facts of the case are these:
the Secretary of the Interior, at the solicitation
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, calls
upon the President of the United States to send
forth a military force to subdue these Indians
who are committing atrocities upon the set-
tlers of that Territory. General Sheridan
writes his order; sends it to General Sherman
here; General Sherman indorses it; and then
General Sheridan directs a letter to General
Hancock at St. Paul, Minnesota, who is in
command of the department of Dakota, within
which these Indians reside; and General Han-
cock sends the order to the officer in the field
who led the troops in their attack upon these
Indians.
Now, sir, General Sheridan was right; and
he was indorsed by the President of the United
States, by General Sherman, as the head of the
Army, and by General Hancock, who actually
executed that order himself.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. By order of General
Sheridan, his superior in command.
Mr. WILKINSON. General Sheridan sent
the order to Hancock. Hancock, approving
it, sent it to the officer in the field who made
the raid upon the Indians.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Minne-
sota will permit me to say that he is not stating
correctly the correspondence presented here
on last Friday. General Hancock was merely
made the medium through whom was sent the
order to Colonel Baker, who executed this
dreadful massacre by Sheridan's order. Gen-
oral Hancock is in no way responsible, nor did
he in any way indorse the order to do what
has been done.
Mr. HALDEMAN. With the permission
of the gentleman from Minnesota, I will read a
word or two from the record.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will not have much
time left.
Mr. HALDEMAN. It says "instructions
were then given to General Sheridan and Gen-
eral Hancock, as follows." The order to
General Sheridan then follows.
Mr. WILKINSON. I say General Sheridan
sent the order to General Sherman at Wash-
ington city. General Sherman indorsed the
order, and General Sheridan sent it forward to
the immediate officer in command at St. Paul,
and General Hancock forwarded it to the officer
at Montana. That is the way in which the
order was made and sent. I say more than
that, that the principles of that order are right.
If we are to have war let it be war. General
Sheridan was all the time in Chicago. He
was notin the field at all. These transactions
took place one thousand miles away.
Mr. BIRD. Who should be held responsible
for the massacre?
Mr. STEVENSON. The man who exceeda
the orders.
Mr. COX. The man who gives the orders.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; the man who
exceeds them.
Mr. WILKINSON. If anything unmilitary
was done it was done by the officer in the field
whose duty it was to execute the order, and
not the general who issued the order to him
one thousand miles away. General Sheridan
is not responsible for that, and these attacks
upon him are unjust and unfair, and would not
be made if gentlemen who have spoken had
considered all the circumstances.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to substitute
"fifty" for "forty," soitwillread "$50,000."
I do so, Mr. Chairman, iu order that my inex-
perienced friend from California [Mr. Axtell]
may not again misapprehend me. He does
not appear to know that a formal motion may
be made in this House upon which a gentleman
may express general sentiments. 1 wish him
to take notice that I am not only in favor of
measures of peace, but I will go further than
he dare go.
Mr. CHEBS. The gentleman from California
is not here.
Mr. STEVENSON. He ought to be here,
and if he is not he can read. I can only excuse
his bitter attack on me on the ground of his
ignorance. I make that supposition in charity
to him.
The gentleman from Minnesota has hit the
nail on the head. The truth is the broadbrim
has been very gravely assumed by certain
gentlemen on this floor for no other purpose
except to attack General Sheridan. And it is
a little singular that about the same day when
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] the only man who wears a broadbrim
in this House, so unfortunately lost his hat
at the President's levee, gentlemen on the
other side of the House should be picking it
i up and trying it on to see how it fits and feels.
I congratulate them upon their appearance.
I congratulate my friend from California [Mr.
Axtell] on his new-found broadbrim; it may
save his scalp as he passes on his mileage to
and from California. I congratulate my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldiudge] on the way
he wears the broadbrim; but I suggest to
him when he again assumes the Quaker garb
he ought not to do it to abuse his neighbors.
I congratulate my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees,] who covers his magnificent head
of hair with this borrowed broadbrim so
beautifully; and if he goes out with the Quaker
commissioners when they are sent to make
peace, the only apprehension I have is that
when he goes to his dearly beloved pets, the
Piegans, and tells them he is a chiet and his
name is " Tall Sycamore of the Wabash," he
may lose his broadbrim and come home with
a wig. I should not be at all surprised if the
gentleman should come home not only with-
out his new hat, but holding a sore head, and
asking General Sheridan to come to his assist-
ance and rescue his magnificent head of golden
hair from the Indian squaws.
I also congratulate my colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Mungkn.] He also on Friday assumed
the broadbrim, and he looked very well in it
Indeed, under the shadow of its protection it
was impossible to discover that he had had the
small-pox. The gentleman ridicules General
Sheridan. Now 1 want to say to all these hon-
orable gentlemen, whether they come from New
York, or from Indiana, or from Wisconsin, ot
