3490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
meanors which, if brought by way of indictment
against a person in any of the communities
where they ure likely to be committed, never
can be punished until human nature is changed;
and the other section affording a short, speedy,
efficacious remedy for the evil which the Judi-
ciary Committee apprehend.
I have moved, therefore, to strike out the
section which is nugatory and mischievous, only
jretaining the section which is efficacious to
accomplish the purposes of the committee.
And the Senator from Indiana thereupon pro-
ceeds to treat the Senate with a dissertation
upon the injustice and inexpediency of remov-
ing political disabilities,' and the impolicy of
conciliation.
Now, air, I have no disposition to go into
the general question of the propriety of remov-
ing political disabilities; but I am in a man-
ner compelled to do bo to some extent by the
very extraordinary remarks of that Senator.
And here let me inform the Senator in the
first place that he mistakes me at least if he
supposes that the views I entertain concerning
the removal of political disabilities are founded
on the idea of conciliating either those who
led the rebellion or anybody else. They are
founded upon what I believe to be the dictates
of the broadest and wisest statesmanship.
The Senator admits in the outset that the
question of punishment by law, by courts and
judicial tribunals, for the crime of rebellion, is
at an end in this nation. He seems to regret
it. Yet he admits in the fullest extent that
the legal inflictions of the statute-book are not
to be visited upon those who were guilty of the
crime of treason during our four years' war;
that all of them are henceforth free from all
legal taint of crime, so far as the infliction of
punishment is concerned. What, then, does
awisestatesmanship dictate? If there be three
hundred thousand citizens of the southern
States lying under the ban of the fourteenth
amendment; if they be men of intelligence
and some degree of culture; if they be men
of property and influence in society; if they
be men whom the white men and the black
men round about them have been accustomed
from their childhood to look up to with respect
and with regard, what tends most to induce
these men to give their intelligence, their cul-
ture, their influence to the support of the Gov-
ernment which, whether they will it or not, is
to be their Government till they die—to place
them upon an equal footing with the other gov-
erned citizens of the Republic, or to maintain
them, as a class, pariahs and outlaws till they
die?
Sir, I am a Republican. I began with the
Republican party in its very birth. I became
a Republican because I believe in that great
document which the Senator near me [Mr. Sum-
neb] so often quotes from, the Declaration of
Independence. I became a Republican be-
cause I believe that the governed should par-
ticipate by their votes in the Government which
sways them, and I believe it should be so
whether they be white men or black men. I
believe that if we, in defiance of the principles
upon which our party rests, continue to deny
that which we claim for everybody else as a
political right, to this large class of society,
we are simply doing an injury to the whole
society. You are enabling this class to exer-
cise an influence which they could not exercise
unless you placed them in the position of quasi
martyrs in the society in which they live. I
think you make them stronger for mischief by
these disabilities than they would be without
any sach disabilities.
Again, it is not they alone who are affected
by the disabilities which you continue to im-
pose upon them, but the whole of the society
in the midst of which they live. The Senator
regrets the passage of a bill a few days ago
repealing substantially the test-oath act. He
would not have that oath henceforth fail to be
administered to the great body of the popula-
tion of the South. Has that Senator ever
reflected upon the real extent of his words ?
Who is it that is affected by the existence of
the test-oath act. That act reaches four classes
in the South. It reaches every man who bore
! arms in the rebellion; it reaches every man
who voted for an ordinance of secession ; it
> affects every man, who, though not voting for
an ordinance of secession, afterward, as the
phrase was, "went with his State;" it affects
every man who furnished his son, his ward, or
his kinsman, with money or with means while
in the confederate service; and these four
classes embrace all the white men of the the-
ater of the rebellion, with the most trivial
exceptions.
There were eight hundred thousand votes
cast in 1860 in the presidential election of that
year within what subsequently became the area
; of the rebellion. They were all white votes,
and of those eight hundred thousand men, as
[ the test-oath act stands, there are not to exceed
fifty thousand who can take the oath; and
the Senator would keep that act upon the
statute-book; he would disqualify the whole
white population of the South by the contin-
uance of that oath for the smallest Federal
office which either the people or the executive
administration of this Government could con-
fer. Sir, does the Senator think what he is
doing? What was the great evil before the
war? What brought about secession with so
much facility ? Fifty years of instruction had
taught the people of the southern States that
they had no country but the South, no country
but their own State. The Virginian or the
Carolinian called himself a southerner, a Vir-
ginian, or a Carolinian; but he never called
himself an American; and so when the time
of rebellion came the South was ready for it,
for it had lost its patriotism to begin with. Do
we not want to do away with that ? Is not the
first thing we want to do, now that the rebel-
lion is over, to teach the people of the South
to look np to this great America of ours as
their country, that its name shall first and
foremost of all be the name for them to boast
of? But the Senator from Indiana, keeping
down upon the great mass of the white popu-
lation of the South this test-oath, forbids them
to have one national aspiration. A man may
be a member of his State Legislature; he may
be Governor of his State; he may be a State
judge; but he shall not be a President or a
Cabinet officer or a Senator or a Represent-
ative in Congress. He shall not be a minister
to a foreign Court. He shall not represent our
flag as a foreign consul. He shall not be a
judge or a marshal. He shall not even be a
postmaster, or a customs or revenue collector.
He shall not have one official tie which can
bind him to the Federal Government and make
him remember that he is an American!
Sir, I want to get rid of all that. I want to
abolish the test-oath, so that the great mass of
the people of the southern States may get out
of this sectional isolation and come up to the
grandeur of American nationality. There is
something more in this, Mr. President, than
merely conciliating a few scores of rebels.
'' Conciliation 1" " Hot haste!'' The Sena-
tor says that I am in hot haste to bring about
a removal of disabilities. Not in half so hot
haste as the Republicans of the southern States
are. Look at the records of their Legislatures.
These assembled under our reconstruction
acts, and all of them but two have proclaimed
by solemn legislative resolution in favor of the
removal of these political disabilities. Go to
the assemblies of the two political parties.
There is not a State south of_ Mason and Dix-
on's line where the Republican party could
have stood up one hour in the last election had
not its candidates or its conventions declared
themselves in favor of the removal of these
disabilities, and you know it. They know their
own interests. They know what is best for
them. And it is with sincerest grief that I
have witnessed the great influence of the Sena-
tor from Indiana for months past given to the
rekindling of sectional bitterness, and to the
lighting up agairf of the fires of hate, which had
begun to die out under the beneficent admin-
istration of President Grant.
What did the Senator mean here in the debate
on the Georgia bill by reading to us by the hour
old quotations from the reports of the Freed-
men's Bureau relative to the events of the sum-
mer of 1868? Did he notknow that the election
of General Grantin the autumn ot'thatyearand
the subsequent course of events had wrought
greatchangesincethesummerofl868? Did he
mean to have the country understand that now,
after this Administration had been a year in
power, nothing had been effected to ameliorate
the condition of things as they existed two
years ago? If he meant that, he brought the
gravest and the saddest charge against this
Administration that anybody has ever brought
against it.
Sir, I believe that if we will throw away our
bills of pains and penalties, if we will allow
that to be fact which the Senator admits to be
fact, that the era of punishment at least has
gone by ; and if we will then legislate for the
existing condition of things as it is, legislate
for America, legislate for American citizens,
remembering that we now are all of one blood
and one nationality, that the flag is all over the
land respected and honored everywhere—if
we will do that we can put an end right speedily
to all that the Senator from Indiana portrayed
in his speech upon the Georgia bill the other
day.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask the Senator
a question if it does not interrupt him.
Mr. FERRY. Not at all.
Mr. THAYER. I do not wish to interfere
between the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from Indiana; but as the Senator from
Connecticut charges that those were quotations
from the reports of the Freedmen's Bureau
made some years ago, I should like to ask him
what he thinks of the reports of Governor
Holden, of North Carolina, and the record of
the courts there, the report of Governor Sen-
ter, of Tennessee, and the report of General
Terry, made only last year?
Mr. MORTON. The united testimony from
the South.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; the united testi-
mony from the South. Is there peace and
order there, or have thftfe been murders and
outrages such as are not known in any civilized
community within the last six months?
Mr. FERRY. In the first place, in reply to
the inquiry, and I thank the Senator for making
it, I cited the speech of the Senator from In-
diana as he made it, as I sat here and listened
to it, and it was in great part made up of the
reports of the Freedmen's Bureau as to the
condition of affairs in the summer of 1868:
and so far I thought it at the time disingenuous
and unfair, and calculated only to do mischief.
Noav, again, as to the question which the
Senator puts to me in respect to the reports
of the Governors of Tennessee and North Car-
olina, the report of General Terry, and a re-
port from some other quarter. I have no
doubt whatever that there exists in a portion
of the southern States disorder to an extent
which is lamentable to witness. I do not
believe that the disorder is as bad as it was
five years ago, or as bad as it was three years
ago. I do not believe that there can be a
strife of sentiment for fifty years culminating
in the bloodiest civil war that the world has
ever known, of four years duration, and the
waves of tumult and conflict settle at once.
It is but natural that something should remain
behind. It is but natural that some of the
elements of disorder should occasionally break
out; but never in the history of the world has
there occurred a great civil strife at whose
close every element of disorder has so nearly
disappeared in so short a space of time as in
our own recent history.
I believe that if the Governors of the southern
States were men of the firmness and caliber of
