4434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
vania [Mr. Randall] or to that of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
may offer his amendment as an amendment to
whichever of these he chooses.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will be considered as seconded and the main
question ordered on the several amendments,
and they will now be voted on in the order
indicated by the chairman of the Committee
on Banking and Currency.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before we proceed to
vote, I desire to be informed by the chairman
of the committee whether, as regards the sub-
stitute offered by the committee, the text upon
which the House is to act is precisely that con-
tained in the report before us from page 7 to
page 12?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is. That is
the whole of it.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to state that the
amendment which I offer this morning is a dif-
ferent one from that which I offered the other
day as a substitute for the whole bill. This
is an amendment proposing to strike out all
except the first and second sections, and to
add the sections which I offer as a substitute
for the residue of the bill.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I desire to inquire
whether the previous question attaches to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] which is moved as a substitute for
the Senate bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
did not intend to have the previous question
operate on his substitute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir; I only
wish it to apply to the amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then, when we have
voted on the amendment, the previous ques-
tion will have to be called again and voted on ?
The SPEAKER. It will. The question first
recurs on the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. PoLA\n,] to strike out all
of the Seriate bill but sections one and two of
the Senate bill and add an additional section.
Mr, POLAND. My amendment is an
amendment to the substitute offered by the
committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not con-
sent that it should be offered to the substitute.
Let it be offered to the Senate bill.
Mr. POLAND. It is not applicable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You can make
it applicable.
Mr. POLAND. I move, then, the following
substitute for the Senate bill, taking the first
two sections of the committee's substitute.
The Clerk read as follows :
That 895.000,000 in notes for circulation may be
issued to national banking associations in addition
to the $300,000,000 authorized by the twenty-second
section of the act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide tor the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3,1864; and the amount of notes so
provided shall be furnished to banking associations
organized or to beoiganizedin those States and Ter-
ritories having less than their proportion under the
apportionment contemplated by the provisions of
the act to amend an act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved March 3,1865, and the bonds de-
posited with the Treasuier of the United States,
to secure the additional circulating notes herein
authorized, shall be of any description of bonds of
the United Slates beanng interest in coin: Provided,
That if applications for the circulation herein au-
thorized shall not be made within one year after the
passage of this act, by banking associations organ-
ized or tobe organized in States having less than their
proportion, it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of
the Currency to issue such circulation to banking
associations in other States or Territories not in
excess, applying for the same, giving the preference
to such as have the greatest deficiency: And pro-
vided further, That no banking association here-
after organized shall have a circulation in cxce^s
of $500,000.
Siec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That at the end
of each month after the passage of this act it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
report to the Secretary of the Treasury the. amount
of circulating notes issued, under the provisions of
the preceding section, to national banking associa-
tions during the previous month; whereupon the
Secretary of the Treasury shall redeem and cancel
aa amourjt of threeper cent, temporary loan certifi-
cates issued under the acts of March 2,1807, and July
25,1868, not less than the amount of circulating notes
so reported, and may, if necessary, in order to pro-
cure the presentation of such temporary loan certifi-
cates for redemption, give notice to the holders
thereof, by publication or otherwise, that certain of
said certificates (which shall be designated by num-
ber, date, and amount) shall cease to bear interest
from and after a day to be designated in such notice,
and that the certificates so designated shall no longer
be available as any portion of the lawful money
reserve in possession of any national banking asso-
ciation, and after the day designated in such notice
no interest shall be paid on such certificates, and they
shall not thereafter be counted as a part of the re-
serve of any banking association. And when the
whole amount of additional circulating notes, issued
in accordanco with the provisions of the preceding
section of this act, shall exceed the amount of the
three per cent, temporary loan certificates, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, at the beginning of
each month, redeem and cancel an amount of United
States notes equal to eighty per ccnt. of the amount
of additional circulating notes issued to national
banking associations during the preceding month,
in accordance with the provisions of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactcd, That when the
$95,000,000 of additional national bank circulation
provided for by this act shall have been issued, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall give public noticc
thereof, and thereupon all hanking associations
formed under and in accordance with existing laws
shall be entitled to receive circulating notes upon
the terms and conditions now provided by law; and
so much of section twentv-two of the act approved
June 3, 1SG4, entitled "An act to provide lor the
redemption and circulation thereof," limiting the
amount of national bank circulation, as conflicts with
this section is hereby repealed.
The House divided; and there wore—ayes
2-1, noes 64.
Mr. POLAND demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; an4 Mr. Poland and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 80.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question next recurred on the substitute
offered by Mr. Randall.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker', I ask to
modify my substitute in the fourth section by
adding a proviso. The effect of this modifi-
cation is where the bond deposited as security
for the redemption of the national bank note
shall have matured that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall not take the same up at a rate
above its face or par value.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is the previous ques-
tion pending on the bill and amendments?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Inasmuch as I cannot
move an amendment to the substitute of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will have to
vote against it, because it declares Treasury
notes a legal tender.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say in response
to the gentleman from Ohio, who states that
he is opposed to my substitute because it
legalizes these notes, that it puts these legal-
tender notes proposed to be issued by my
substitute upon the same basis those now
issued, under the decision of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We still have to do it
by the solemn enactment of law.
Mr. RANDALL. If the Supreme Court
should declare the legal-tender notes uncon-
stitutional, then these will go with all the
others. If the court should declare them con-
stitutional, then in that case they would be of
like value the one as the other in every respect.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to debate.
The substitute of Mr. Randall was to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That, from and after the passage of this act, it
shail be unlawful for any individual, association, or
corporation to issue as? money any note or bill not
authorized by act of Congress; and the Secretary of
the ireasury is hereby authorized to issue, on credit
ot the United States, such sums as may be necessary
for the purposes sot forth in this act. not oxcoedin"
in aggregate amount 8303,000,000 of United States
notes, not bearing interest, of such denominations
as he may deem expedient, not less than live dollars
caeh, which said notes shall bo lawful money and a
legal tender for debts in like manner us provided in
the lirst section of an act entitled. "An act io author-
ize, the issue of United States notes, and (or the
redemption or funding thereof, and for funding (lie
n°a'!,"F d,cat «f the Ij mted States," passed February
2o, 1802. And the provisions of the sixth and seventh
sections of said act are hereby ree'nacteii and applied
to the notes herein authorized.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the notos
issued under this act shall be used only in exchange
for the circulating notes issued to national banking
associations under the provisions of an act of Con-
gress, approved March 3,1864, entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds " &c.; and for the purchase of
such amounts of United States bonds as may be
necessary to cany out the true intent of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all circulat-
ing notes of national banking associations which mav
hereafter be paid into the Treasury of the United
States shall bo retained in tho Treasury and riot
again put in circulation: and the Secretary of the
Treasury may pay out for circulation, as the wants
of the Government may require, an equal amount
of the United States notes hereby authorized to be
issued. And tho Secretary of th e Treasury may ex-
change United States notes, issued under authority
of this act, with any person or persons for a like
amount of circulating notes of national banking
associations. And the Secretary of the Treasury
shall notiiy any banking association of the amount
of its notesso accumulated, when such amountisnot
less than $900; and the said banking association is
hereby required, within thirty days after the issuing
of said notice, to redeem said notes at the Xreasurv
of tho United States in lawful money, and to present
the notes so redeemed to tho Secretary of theTreas-
ury for cancellation. And tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby directed to cancel the said notes and to
return to the said banking association the propor-
tionate amount of United States bonds deposited as
security (or the same.
Se6, 4. And be it farther enaetcd, That in ease any
national banking association shall neslectordecline
to redeem its circulating notes as provided in the
preceding section within the thirty days therein
specified, tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to cancel said notes, and to
pay said banking association in the United States
notes authorized by this act the rnarkctvalue of the
United States bonds deposited as security for said
circulating notes, after deducting therefrom the
amount required for redeeming said national bank
notes, and to cancel said bonds, first furnishing to
said banking association a list of the numbers.dates,
and denomina tions of the notesso canceled: Provided,
That ii'it shall appear to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that any of such bonds, held by him on deposit
as security for said notes, shall have matured, then
it shall be liis duty to take the same up at par with
the notes authorized by this act to an extent of the
proportion of the notes to be so redeemed and bonds
held as security for the same.
Sec. 5. And belt further macted, That when thecir-
culating notes of any national banking association
shall have been so far redeemed and canceled at the
Treasury that the remaining notes shall not exceed
three per cent, of the whole amount of circulating
notes originally issued to said hanking association
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to return to said bank the bonds depos-
ited as security for its circulating notes, and said
banking association shall be relieved from its obli-
gation to pay said notes remaining in circulation, and
the same shall be redeemed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and paid, on presentation to the Treasury
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enaetcd, That so much of
a ny la w or laws as are inconsistent herewith shall be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to my substitute.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-two mthe
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 51, nays 111, not
voting 68; as follows:
YEAS—Alessrs.Adams.Axtell, Beck, Bird, Booker,
Benjamin J?. Butler, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Gov ode. Cox, Crebs, Doekery, Dox, Eldridge, Fitch
Gets, Gibson, Iiambleton,lia,inill, Hay, Hays]
ileum, llolman. Johnson, Lash, Marshall, SlcCor-
miek .McNoel 5;, Mi In os. JJ orga n. Worris-ey, SIu ngea,
Niblack, Randall, Reeves, ftico, llidgwav, Rogers,
Schumaker, Sherrod, Shobcr..J osepli S. Smith, Stiles,
Strader, faweoncy, Trimble, Veils, Winchester,and
Wo_odward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amos, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Seaman,
x-umutuu, jL>uraviz. noueriCK n.
Dutler, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Claike, Aroasa
Cob a, Cohnm. Conner, Cowley, Oullo.ua, I)avres,
Dcfferer, Dickey, X)ixon, Donley, Duval, Ferriss,
i mkclnburg, lusher, Garfield, Gilfillan, GriswolU.
llawlcy, lluar, Hooper, Horehkhs, Jadd, Julian,
KelU-y, Kellogg, kcl&ey, Keteham. Knapp, Latiin,
Lawrence, Lewis, Log.m  Mayham, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, jLcCrary, JUeGrew, Mereur, Eliakim H.
xdome, Je^e 31. Moore, William Moore, Morphia
Daniel J. MorrelUftewsham, Orth. Packard, Paine,
Palmer. Peek, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pom-
eroy, it <rrer, Pot tor, Prosper, rfanford, Sargent,
^awyer, Lwnol_ A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Mnith, William Smvth, Starkweather, Stoker
btoiismori, Strickland, Taile, Tanner, Taylor, Titt*
