1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4435
man. Townsend.Twichell,Upson, Van Trump, Van
Wyck. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, and "Winans—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Ayer,
Barnum, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Cake,
"William T. Clark, Cleveland, Conner, Davis, Dick-
inson, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Haight, Ilalde-
™<m, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Heaton,
Hill, Hose, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Loughridge, Lynch,
JlclCce, MoKenzie, Samuel 1\ Morrill, Myers, Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Packer, Peters, Roots, Schenck, Sco-
ficld. Shanks, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worthing-
1011 C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone. Strong,
fcjwann, Tytier. Van Auken, Van llorn, Voorhees,
Wallace, Welker, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams.
lJugcno M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and
Wood—08.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the substitute
proposed by Mr. Morgan, which had been
modified to read as follows:
Strikeout all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That all acts and parts of acts authorizing the
is^ue of national bank notes be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That in order to
meet the demands of trade, to secure a currency in
quantity and value corresponding to the develop-
ment ot the material wealth and population of the
United States, and provide for the people a means
ot paying their taxes, the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby required to cause to be executed gold Treas-
ury notes, commonly called greenbacks,of convenient
denominations, in manner and form as already pre-
scribed by law, to the amount of $400,000,000.
Six. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthe Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby further required to cancel
ami destroy all matured United States bonds depos-
ited by the national banks as security in the Treas-
ury of the United States, and to redeem in said
Tieasury notes the national bank notes issued#on
said bonds, and return to said banks, in redemption
ior their notes, thenon-matured bonds deposited as
aforesaid; and he shall cancel and destroy all such
bank notes which have been or may be received by
the agents of the United States in payment of taxes,
or otherwise, and substitute for the same an equal
amount of gold Treasury notes, and pay to the de-
pnsitorsof saidbonds asum, atpar, in Treasury notes
equal to the difference between the nominal value
of the bonds deposited and the amount of bank cur-
rency issued on them.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby also required to forth-
with give notice, by publication, to the holders of
the five-twenty bonds, so called, (which shall be des-
ignated by number, date, and amount,) of thelargcst
denominations, and of such issues as have matured,
that the same will be paid to the amount of $100,000,-
000, atpar, in said Treasury notes on presentation,
and that on failure to present said bonds tor pay-
ment within six weeks after said notice interest on
ihe same shall cease from that date. _
Sec. 5. A-nd he -it further exacted, That in order to
secure a uniform and stable currency, from and after
the passage of this act all taxes, duties, and imposts
ot evcrv kind payable to the Government of the
United States shall be receivable in gold, silver, or
Treasury notes, at the option ot the person making
the payment; and upon the redemption ot the pub-
lic debt all outstanding Treasury notes shall be re-
deemed at par, in gold or silver, in a manner to be
provided for by law. And all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with the provisions of this actarehercby
repealed.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the yeas and nays on
ray substitute. I should like to have it divided,
and the question taken on the first four sec-
tions together, and separately on the last sec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman want
the yeas and nays on both?
Mr. MORGAN". If it can be divided I will
bo content with the yeas and nays on the first
four sections.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to divide the substitute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I ask for the yeas
and nays on the whole substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 37, nays 127,
not voting CG ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtcll,Beck, Biggs,Bird,
Burr, Conner, Crcbs,Box,Gibson. Hamill, llawkms,
Hays. lletlin. Holrnan, Johnson, Kerr, Ivnott,Levi, is.
N
Wells, and Winchester—37. , .
NAYS - Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Aim-
>  ! - Tinnl-O r\- Hea-
JJuffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roder
Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, A mas a
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Covvles, Cox.Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Uilfillan,
Griswold, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
Icy, Hay, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Ingersoll, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kclley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Maynard.McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morpliis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissev, Newsham, Ortli, Pack-
ard, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Sanford, Sargent. Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stiles, Stokes, Sto ughton, Strickland, Taffe,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend.Tvvichell, Upson,
Van llorn. Van AVyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Whitmore, Willard, John T. Wilson, and
Winans—127.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Ayer,
Barnum, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Covode, Davis, Dickinson, Dockery, Dyer, Eldridgo,
Fitch, Haight, lXaldeman, Heaton, Hill, lloar, llo-re,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Loughridgc, Lynch, Mayhaui, McKee, McKcnzic,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myeis, Neglcy, O'Neill, Packer,
Peters,Itoots, Schenck, Schnmaker.Scofield, Shanks,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith. Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Strong,
Swann, Tyncr.Van Auken, Voorhees. Wallace, Wil-
liam B.W ashburn.Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, Wood, and Wood-
ward—bo.
So the substitute of Mr. Moiigax was not
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In view of the
importance of the matter which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] has m
charge, I desire to ask the House to suspend
further votes on these amendments, and let
them take their place to-morrow morning, as
they naturally would, in the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. And occupy another morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. This bill with the amend-
ments would come up immediately after the
reading of the Journal and before the morning
hour.
Mr. DAWES. If the time is consumed, it
does not make any difference whether it be
before or during the morning hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My object in
making this request is that we shall not cut
into the solid day which the gentleman from
Massachusetts would otherwise have for the
question which he lias in charge. The pending
bill with its amendments can readily be dis-
posed of to-morrow morning ;,a.nd they would
have to come up at any rate. If the House will
consider the previousquestion seconded on the
substitute and the amendments my proposition
is that the matter be dropped now and go over
till the morning hour to-morrow, so that it may
then be taken np and finished.
The SPEAKER. 'The gentleman means
immediately after the reading of the Journal.
If this matter should go over it would not
come up as business of the morning hour, but
as unfinished business.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to ask a parliamentary
question: whether the arrangement proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on Banking
and Currency will interfere with a motion to go
to the Speaker's table to-morrow morning for
the purpose of taking up Senate amendments
to the apportionment bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. After the
morning hour a motion to go to the Speaker's
table is always in order.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that to-morrovf morning we be
allowed to go to the Speaker's table for the
purpose of taking up Senate amendments to
the bill I have just named.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then 1 give notice that
to-morrow morning after the morning hour I
shall move to go to the Speaker's table to take
up the amendments of the Senate to that bill.
Mr. COX. Before we pass from this meas-
ure reported by the Committee on Banking and
Currency, I think it would be best, considering
the complication of the question resulting from
the various substitutes and amendments, that
the gentleman from Ohio, or the Speaker,
should state precisely what we shall have to
vote on when the question again comes up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
make such a statement. There remain, on
which the previous question has been seconded,
amendments in the nature of substitutes offered
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
to the original Senate bill and amendments
offered by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith.] The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] in charge of the bill has pending a sub-
titute for the Senate bill, to which substitutes
there are four amendments pending, lie now
asks that the previous question may be con-
sidered as seconded and the main question
ordered on his substitute with the four amend-
ments thereto, and upon the Senate billso far as
its third reading; and that the whole subject may
go over till to-morrow morning, immediately
after tiie reading of the Journal, in order that
the Committee oil Foreign Affairs may have the
whole of to-day, which was assigned for the
consideration of the subjectthey have in charge.
This proposition requires, of course, unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio having charge of this bill allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know whether
there is any amendment pending to the substi-
tute from the committee which proposes to sub-
stitute "greenbacks," so called, to the extent
proposed to take up the three per cents.'?
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. "What is it?
The SPEAKER. That the amendments yet
unvoted on and on which the previousquestion
is operating shall go over until to-morrow after
the reading of the Journal; that the previous
question shall also be considered as seconded
and the mum question ordered on the substitute
reported from the Committee on Banking and
Cuircncy and the four amendments pending
to that substitute, and that it shall operate to
the third reading and engrossment of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will that take it out of
the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; wo
will go on and vote.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the substitute of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ikoeusoll.]
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, in addition to
the United States legal-tender notes heretofore issued
under f'oimer acts of Oongre.-s, bo, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to issue like nutes oi the
denominations heretofore issued, and in such pro-
portions as he mav deem best, to the amount, of
4fl.OJO.OOO, $10,000,000 01'said notes to be issued wulua
thirty days after the passage of this act, and Mo,000-
000 within sixty days after the passage ot this act,
and £10,000,000 within ninety days alter thepissagn
of this act. nnd the remaining ^11,000,000 within 0110
hundred and twenty days alter the passage of this
act.
Snc. 2. And he it fwrllier mactcJ, That with thesaid
notes the Sccrctaryof the Treasury is hereby further
directed to purchase any oi thegold interest-bearing
bondi, at the lowest late at which they can be
procured, to the amount of $U,000,000, or so much
thereof as he can purchase with the notes authorized
to lie issued by this act; and the Secretary is hereby
directed to cancel the bonds purchased under this
act. and destroy the same, in the manner now pro-
vided by law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 withdraw my objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
l nays.
