1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3491
the Governor of Arkansas, if they would use
the means and had used the means in their own
power lor the enforcement of the law and the
suppression ofdisorder, even in the States which
have been named, there would not remain the
amount of disorder which does remain. But I
do believe that the speech of the Senator from
Indiana, as a whole, utterly misrepresents the
condition of thiugs in the southern States, be-
cause the effect of that speech is to bring the
mind to the conception of existing things as
represented by the reports of 1868. I believe
that when 1 have the consenting opinion of the
majority of the southern Legislatures, the reso-
lutions of the conventions of both political par-
ties, the public speeches of the candidates of
both political parties in the recent elections in
those States declaring in favor of the removal
of disabilities, it is hardly the thing to taunt
me here upon the floor of the Senate with dis-
regarding justice to loyal men or favoring or
tampering with rebellion, when I am only en-
deavoring to uphold the very principle which
our Kepublicau friends, through their recog-
nized organs in the southern States, are every-
where upholding.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I thank
the Senator from Connecticut for making the
speech that he has made at this time, as it
will enable me to say some things that I had
no opportunity of saying the other night after
the conclusion of the Georgia debate. The
Senator repeats whaU was that night said by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
that the violence in the South had not existed
since 1868, and that I referred to reports of
the Freed men's Bureau in 1868, and he gave
the country to understand that since that time
all things were lovely, and there were peace
and security in the South. I read the reports
of the Freedmen's Bureau in 1868 to.prove
that the Kaklux organization existed as early
as the beginning of 1868. I showed its exist-
ence there two years ago. I showed what it
had done as long ago as the fall of 1868; and
I appeal to every Senator present if I did not
try to bring down the history of each State that
I referred to to this time. I went on to'show
what had been the condition of Tennessee from
that time to the present, and of Georgia, and
of Texas; and was I not sustained by the dec-
larations of southern Senators ?
But now the Senator would make the impres- ! an
sion, as did the Senator from Illinois, that I ! TT
had read from the report of the Freedmen's
Bureau of the condition of things in 1868 to
prove what they were now. I did no such
thing. I read from those reports, and the
Senator ought to understand it, to show that
more than two years ago those infernal organ-
izations had their existence and had taken
root I endeavored to trace their consequences
down to the present time; and I referred to
the evidence of it from time to time. I was
not met by facts; bnt I was met by a repre-
sentation that all that was violent and bloody
was in 1868, while those States were still under
military rule; but since they had been restored
all had become peaceable, and there was secur-
ity for men of all classes, of opinion, or poli-
tics. Sir, I denounced that statement then, and
I denounce it now, as wholly untrue; and I
tell those Senators it is not in their power to
throw their mantle around the blood that is
flowing in the southern States and conceal it.
Sir, while there are three million people
to-day in the South who have no security for
life or property, who have scarce any redress
in the State courts—and the testimony of Sen-
ators around me will bear me out in what I
say—while murders are committed from time
to time here and there, we are told that all is
peace and security, and that I was misrepre-
senting the condition of things in the South.
Why this desire on the part of those Senators
to cover up the real condition of things?
The Seuator from Connecticut says that my
speech on the Georgia bill was disingenuous
and unfair. That speech is on the record. If
I misstated the facta he has the right to cor-
rect me. If my argument that I deduced from
those facts was not a fair one, he can correct
that. But, sir, while not meeting my facts,
while not disputing my evidence, and when
the concurrent testimony comes in from nearly
every southern State from day to day and from
week to week, it is not legitimate for him to
come in here and say that it was disingenuous
and unfair. I simply intended by that speech
to state to the country the true condition of
the South. Instead of exaggeration I believe
my statements were short of the truth. The
truth was so terrible that I hardly dared to tell
the whole of it to t he country.
Now, Mr. President, one or two words in
regard to th«  proposition of the Senator to
strike out. What does he propose to strike
out? There are two sections in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada.
The first is to authorize the writ of quo war-
ranto for the purpose of turning out by a law-
suit a man who is improperly holding an office
under the fourteenth amendment. The second
section is to punish him by making it a misde-
meanor for him to hold office in violation of
the fourteenth amendment. The Senator says
we should not punish him for doing it; that
that is making a new class of misdemeanors.
To be sure it is. There is only one fourteenth
amendment, and that has never been enforced
yet. If you make the violation of it a misde-
meanor, of coarse it is a new misdemeanor.
The Senator was perfectly right in that.
Then, again, the Senator says he does not
want to remove all disabilities for the sake of
conciliation. I take it in that the Senator
contradicted his own argument. All his argu-
ment after that was for conciliation, and to
show that it would conciliate the people of the
South by taking away these disabilities. But
he says he does not want to do it for the sake
of conciliation. He intimates that there are
three hundred thousand men embraced in the
fourteenth amendment. Where does he get
his evidence? No, sir; there is not the one
sixth part of that number. I have never heard
it estimated at over fifty thousand. I do not
suppose there are over forty thousand men
embraced in that amendment. And who are
they? They are the old politicians; the men
who before the war had held office and taken
oath to support the Constitution of the
United States and afterward went into the
rebellion, thereby committing perjury. They
are the very men who got up the rebellion;
the old politicians whose characters are formed,
and who can never change. You may bring
them upon the floor of this Senate, and they
will be just what they were during the rebellion.
It is not enough, according to the Senator,
that we shall allow everybody to vote in the
South; it is not enough that we shall allow every-
body to hold office in the States, unless they are
embraced in the fourteenth amendment; but
the Senator insists that these arch-conspirators
shall be permitted to come into the Congress
of the United States, and, it may be, occupy the
chair of the President of the United States, and
make our laws and govern this nation; and
he says that nothing short of that will satisfy
him. I say it is a violation of the plainest prin-
ciples of justice and policy., I say that it his-
tory teaches any lesson, it is that no nation has
ever conciliated criminals by pardoning them
as a class; it is that no nation has ever con-
verted a mass of conspirators by forgiving the
conspiracy, and elevating them_ to political
power. The moment you do this these men
will come from the southern States ; and if the
Senator's spirit shall prevail, if the type of
political views he indicates here to-day shall
prevail, they will come from all the southern
States; they will make your laws for you ;
they will administer, in connection with their
friends in the North, this Government in the
interest of those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion. And yet nothing short of that will satisfy
the Senator.
Why, Mr. President, so far as these men
are concerned, what ground have you for en-
couragement? I understood the Senator to
say that our flag was now respected in the
South.
Mr. DRAKE. "Honored."
^Mr. MORTON. "Honored" in the South.
Where ? I will say ray friend was mistaken ;
and the class of men that he proposes now to
relieve and to give the privilege of coming
into Congress will never honor that flag.
Why, sir, only last year, down in Georgia a
State fair was to be held. I do not know
whether the Senator was there or not; I think
he was not, or perhaps he would not entertain
his present views; but I know a great many
were invited from the North, and I think some
northern members of Congress went down
there. It was expected, of course, that in a
State fair gotten up under such auspices, and
iutended to represent every part of the State
of Georgia and every part of the South, the
national flag would wave over it; but they
would not hoist the flag. I believe the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania can testify to that.
When he refused to speak and others refused
t© speak, because the national flag was not
hoisted, the committee was called together,
and after deliberation of three or four hours
they refused to hoist the flag. But still, sir,
you must understand that everything is peace,
and the national flag is honored everywhere 1
Why, sir, the conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church South have just adjourned.
The church North sent down the venerable
Bishop Janes and other distinguished members
for the purpose of effecting a reconciliation;
but they were received coldly, almost with
scorn. Their advances were repulsed; and
while the Methodist Episcopal Church prayed
for the South and for the world at large, there
was no prayer uttered for the Government of
the United States; there was not one word
said that recognized the existence of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And yet men
who entertain those feelings are invited to
come upon the floor of the Senate and to take
part in the Government of the United States.
Sir, I care not what others may do; bnt for
myself I will never consent that any man who
has been engaged in this rebellion shall come
into the Congress of the United States and
take part in the Government of this nation
until he has given evidence of returning loyalty.
While his heart is still filled with bitterness.
and hatred to this Government he is not qual-
ified to come into the Congress of the United
States.
But if he gives evidence of returning loyalty
we can relieve him of his disabilities. The
fourteenth amendment provides for that. We
are doing it liberally. We relieve everybody
who expresses a desire for it apparently in
earnestness and sincerity, and we will con-
tinue to do it. But, sir, before we relieve
those original conspirators, the very men who
seized the columns of the temple and attempted
to pull it down to the destruction of the nation,
ana bring them into our midst, I want some
evidence of their contrition and repentance.
Sir, the speech of the Senator from Con-
necticut will suit the rebels of the South re-
markably well. It will suit the Democracy of
the North remarkably well. But, sit, the
Union men of the South, who are treibbling
for their lives and their property, and who
know that notwithstanding the speeches that
are made in the Senate of the United States
they have but little security, that they are
ostracised, socially, in trade, professionally,
and every other way, will not thank him for
his speech.
Mr. President, it seems to have been the
fashion lately—and like many other fashions,
without much reason—to talk in favor of am-
nesty, in favor of general conciliation, in favor
of healing the wounds of the Republic. How ?
By doing justice to the loyal men? _ No, sir;
but by placing the disloyal over th'em in power.
