1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
California, or Ohio, and however graoefully
they wear the borrowed broadbrim, that I would
not give Phil. Sheridan, the glorious cavalry
Phil., for all the wild Indians between the Mis-
sissippi and the Pacific; and I would throw in
a good many other people with the Indians and
still not trade.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I have but one word to say in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio. But I
would like to give my impressions to the House
as to the course of conduct which this Govern-
ment should pursue toward the Indian tribes.
It is not a matter of broadbrim or narrowbrim.
It is not a matter which concerns the hair of
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] or
the wig of auy other gentleman in the House.
It is a matter connected with civilization, which
this House ought to consider in the light of
humanity, if I may use that much-abused
expression before this assemblage.
From the beginning of our relations with
the Indians down to the present time, there
has been a class of our population—I am not
certain what is their origin or the color of
their hair—but there has always been a ma-
rauding class of our so-called Anglo-Saxon
race, which, if they did not civilize the Indians,
always murdered them. From the time of the
massacre of the Moravian Indians in my own
native State, the State of the gentleman who
has just spoken, down to the late horrible
massacre which is now being discussed, where-
ever the white man on the frontier has come
in contact with the Indian there have been in
the first place debauchery and bad faith with
the red men. All the rottenness which belongs
to this Indian system has corrupted these
Indian tribes. And then when, after provoca-
tion and bad faith they retaliate, it is bo char-
acteristic of the Anglo-Saxon spirit to strike
back and exterminate.
I do not wonder that my friend from Mon-
tana, or that the gentleman from Arizona, those
who represent the white men on the border,
should criticise the conduct of the Indians and
call them all the hard names in the calendar.
What we want is, that men should stand up and
say, as against all these troubles and massacres,
that there shall be no more of them; but,
in their stead, agood, kind, Christian spirit to-
ward these weak, helpless wards of the nation.
Let us carry out the principle of putting them
on reservations. Letussee if we cannot civilize
them. That is and has been the policy of the
best Indian Commissioners. Every report of
every Indian Commissioner, from the begin-
ning of the Government downward, is based
on the idea that we should deal with these tribes
on the principle of forbearance and kindness.
For many years the two Commissioners from
Ohio, Governor Medill and Colonel Many-
penny, worked in harmony with the great Meth-
odist denomination and the Quakers of this
country, who have taken great interest in the
red men, and in the interest of humanity as well,
to endeavor if possible to save the Indians
from extermination, for it comes to this: you
must either exterminate by murder or civilize
by settling them on reservations. You must kill
or protect. I know very well, Mr. Chairman,
what the feeling of these men on the border is.
I know that all these Indian murders can be
traced back to provocation by the bad white
men on the border. And nobody knows .this
so well as these kindly delegates who represent
their people, one of whom now appears before
me.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I would ask
the gentleman whether he undertakes to say
that the hostilities of the Apaches have been
provoked by any white man ? They have been
hostile for two centuries.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Arizona
says that the Apaches have been fighting our
Government for two centuries. No doubt they
have been fighting anybody that would trench
on their domain. They are the native Ameri-
eans. They belong here. Why do not you treat
them, not as the original Puritans of Massachu-
setts did the Indians, selling them into slavery
or slaying them with the sword of the Lord and
of Gideon, but as the principles of the Chris-
tian dispensation require that they ought to be
treated, as poor, weak, helpless children of
the nation, not to be exterminated, but to be
kindly placed where we can care for them by
measures like those for which appropriations
are made in this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I would call the atten-
tion of the committee to the necessity of mak-
ing progress in this bill. This debate, which
is certainly very interesting, has gone on for
a long while. I think we have ventilated this
subject fully, and perhaps all of us have had
an opportunity to express our ideas who desire
to do it. I will not move that the committee
rise to close debate, but I will ask that there
be consent that the vote be now taken, and
that we proceed with the bill.
Mr. CLARKE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph:
Provided, That no part of this sum be paid unless
the said Indians agree to be located upon reserva-
tions, and abstain from all active hostilities
I think the gentleman from California can
have no objection to that.
Mr. SARGENT. I have objection to it.
In the first place it is independent legislation.
I will not, however, make a point of order
upon it. I objeet to it upon the ground of its
impolicy. There are some six thousand of
these Indians. They are not now upon any res-
ervation. They desire to go there, and prob-
ably most of them will do so. But there are
fugitive instances of aggressions committed by
some of these Indians. Now, if the whole
body of them, men, women, and children, are
to be held responsible because a single Piegan
or Blackfoot shall steal a horse or commit any
other crime against a white man, why then
there is an end to any hope of bringing them
into any better condition. White men travel
through their country; they destroy their game
and infringe upon the rights of the Indians;
not maliciously in most instances, but the result
of our immigration and of our forming new
settlements daily circumscribes the Indians.
They are driven often to extremities, and some
of them not being restrained, perhaps, by the
high moral principles we have heard enunciated
here, do commit outrages which ought to be
punished. Now, I. am willing to punish the
guilty individuals, and if the warriors of these
tribes range themselves in battle array to defend
the men who commit crimes, then strike down
these warriors with the military force. But to
say that the women and children of the Pie-
gans, or those of the tribe who are innocent,
shall have no help from us unless all the Pie-
gans go upon the reservations, is simply to say
that we will leave them'to starve, that we will
leave them to the fate of wolves, and allow
them to be hunted down by whoever pleases,
and not give them any aid toward civilization.
I trust the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. CLARKE. I have not seen fit to par-
ticipate in this debate thus far, for the reason
that I could not quite agree with the sentiments
which have been expressed either on the ono
side or upon the other. So far as the massacre
of the Piegan Indians is concerned, if it was a
massacre, all the feelings of my heart revolt
against it. But, sir, our information upon that
question thus far received is very limited, and
notwithstanding all that has been said by gen-
tlemen upon both sides upon the subject, I beg
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that the only information we have is the com-
munication which has been given to the news-
papers by Hon. Vincent Collyer, the secretary
of the Indian commission. He has given the
facts as he understands them from reports
already received ; but additional reports may
change the present aspect of the case, and
would it not be well to reserve our judgments
for the present? If it be found to be true that
women and children have been needlessly killed
I will be as ready to condemn it as any mem-
ber upon this floor.
Now, sir, the amendment which I have
offered to the pending paragraph I deem to be
practical, just, and proper, inasmuch as it raises
the question whether or not the Congress of
the United States will continue to make appro-
priations to support and maintain Indian tribes
which are at this very moment in actual hostil-
ities as tribes against the Government of the
United States.
Mr. Chairman, the remark made by the
gentleman from Arizona [Mr. McCormick] in
reference to the diversities of character which
exist among the various Indian tribes was, in
my apprehension, a very proper and true re-
mark. Some of these Indian tribes are capable
of receiving benefit from and being elevated
by the appliances of civilization, while, as a
matter of fact, some of them have refused for a
hundred years—yes, sir, fortwohundredyears—
to be affected at all by any and all of the influ-
ences of civilization which have been brought to
bear upon them by this Government. The Osage
tribe of Indians was once one of the most
powerful tribes upon this continent. I visited
them in their lodges last summer. They once
owned nearly all the territory from Louisiana
up the valley of the Mississippi river and west-
ward to the Rocky mountains. They are as
savage and as far removed from the influences
of civilization to-day as they were when this
country was first discovered by Christopher
Columbus. They have made but little progress.
All the influences of civilization which have
been brought to bear upon them have almost
entirely failed. They live in lodges to-day,
and refuse to live in houses. They refuse to
be benefited either by the religious, moral,
civil, governmental, or any other kind of influ-
ences brought to bear upon them. They are
as proud and haughty as of old—live by the
chase, and by the chase alone.
Now, do gentlemen undertake to say upon
this floor that the same policy should be pur-
sued toward the Osage Indians that should be
pursued toward the Delaware, Pottawattomie,
Kickapoo, and various other tribes who are
amenable to the influences of civilization which
are brought to bear upon them by the Govern-
ment of the United States? Certainly not.
And so it is in reference to the northern In-
dians referred to in the paragraph now under
consideration. I understand them to be among
the savage tribes of the continent, and so they
are likely to remain if we aid them while in
open hostility.
But we come now to meet the question
whether by any action of ours we will now take
measures to place these Piegans, Blackfeet,
and other Indians upon reservations where they
can be controlled and influenced by the Gov-
ernment, or whether we will go on and con-
tinue to make appropriations to them as tribes
while they are in actual open hostility against
the Government of the United States, and are
engaged in plundering and murdering its citi-
zens? Hence it is that a few moments ago I re-
marked that I believed my amendment to be a
practical amendment, that it struck at the very
foundation of this question, inasmuch as it
raises for the consideration of gentlemen the
question whether or not we shall continue the
policy heretofore pursued of making direct
appropriations to Indians in actual hostility.
I am opposed to this. I would sustain them
in peace, but I would punish them if they per-
sist in warring upon our people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PROSSER. I desire to say a few words
on this subject. I will premise by remarking
that while the administration of General Grant
has been very generally satisfactory to the
whole country, 1 presume that to thoughtful
people no part of that policy has been more
satisfactory than the system inaugurated by
General Grant and his administration in refer-
ence to the Indians.
Now, I desire to call the attention of this
