5380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 8,
Mr. STEWART. I will not object to that
if it leads to no discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any business
taken up pending this bill will be subject to a
demand for the regular order, which, on the
demand of any Senator, will cause the servile
labor bill to be resumed. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to consider
a bill.
MENOMONEE LANDS.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 849 )to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians, in the State of
Wisconsin.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill, with amendments.
_ The first amendment was in line six of sec-
tion one, after the word " Wisconsin," to strike
out the words " and not actually occupied or
cultivated by any member of said tribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion three the following:
Skc. 3. And ho it further enacted, That the town-
ships thus selected for sale shall be in a compact
body, and consist, if practicable, of unoccupied lands:
Provided, That such portions of the same as may be
occupied and improved, if any, by members of th©
tribe, not exceeding eighty acres to each settler,shall
• not be sold without the consent of the party in pos-
session, but shall be valued as other subdivisions, the
appraisers reporting separately the value of the im-
provements thereon; which traetsmaythen,with the
consent of the occupants, be sold, and the price of
the improvements paid over to the respective occu-
pants.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
Sun. 5. And hp it further rnactrjl, Tha.t this net ^liull
be and remain in operation until full and satisfac-
tory evidence shall have been placed on the files of
the office of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that tlio
sales herein authorized have the sanction of the tribe,
evidenced by orders or agreements taken in full
council.
Mr. HOWE. There is a misprint; the words
"in operation" should be one word, "inop-
erative. '' 1 move to have that correction made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In line four of the first section
I move to insert the word '1 subdivided'' before
the word "appraised."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the fourth section, before
the word "appraisal" 1 move to insert "sur-
vey."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. At the end of the first section
I move to strike out the word " him " and in-
sert " Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PKTITIOX.-
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of William J. Roberts, of New Milford, Litch-
field county, Connecticut, praying arrears of
pension; which was rs^a-rsd to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
committed the bill (S. No. 338) to encourage
the establishment of a line of steamships under
the flag of the Union, for the conveyance of
the mails of the United States to Europeau
ports, and ports of India and China by way
of the Suez canal, and for promoting emigra-
tion from Europe to the southern States of the
Union, and reducing the rates of ocean post-
ages, reported it with an amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Glutton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2369) making additional
appropriations, and to supply the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, and June 80, 1871, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 915) to regulate the mode
of determining the ratification of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, pro-
posed by Congress, and for other purposes ; and
_ A joint resolution (H. R. No. 359) in rela-
tion to enlistment into the Marine corps, and
for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Them essage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following bills and
joint resolutionsj and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President;
_A bill (S. No. 470) fixing the status of cer-
tain Federal soldiers enlisting in the Union
Army from the States of Alabama and Florida ;
A bill (S. No. 378) to provide for the redemp-
tion of the three per cent, temporary loan cer-
tificates, and for an increase of national bank
notes;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 781) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending Juue 30,
1871;
A bill (H. K. No. 1883) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871; '
A bill (H. R. No. 2241) for the relief of heirs
of William Eddy, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2353) to create a port of
delivery at Duluth, Minnesota ;
_A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) author-
izing the improvement of grounds owned by
the United States in the city of Buffalo, New
York, known as Fort Porter; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 305) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri.
SIOUX CITY AND COLUMBUS RAILROAD.
Mr. THAYER. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 510.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 510) granting land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Sioux
City, Iowa, to Columbus. Nebraska.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to insert in line four of section one the word
"Northwestern" before "States," and after
" States" to strike out " above named," and in
line six to insert the word "public" before
"land so as to read ;
That for the purpose of giving a direct connection
with the Union Pacific railroad to the northwestern
states and to the northern portion of Nebraska and
Dakota, a grant of public land of each alternate or
odd-numbered section, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen of
section one, after the word "entered" to in-
sert the words "sold, claimed, or reserved
for any purpose whatever;" so that the pro-
viso will read:
_ Provided, That in lieu of such lands embraced in
tnis act as may be entered, sold, claimed, or reserved
for any purpose whatever, before the same takes
effect, the company be allowed to select other odd-
numbered sections within twenty miles of the line
which they may adopt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
will not do for me to make fish of one and fowl
of another, and although I am taken somewhat
by surprise to find that there is room in Ne-
braska for another railroad, I must moye lp
strike out on page 2, beginning with line thir-
teen, from the word " provided" down to the
word "adopt," in line eighteen. This provision
allows this company to make up for any lands
that may have been disposed of out of other
lands beyond the line of the road, as located, to
the extent of twenty miles. It is, in the first
place, a very outrageous provision to go twenty
miles in any such case. I do not understand
that there is any necessity for this in this case;
but if there is, if we have made bo many roads
that there is not room to get the land, it seems
to me it is time we should circumscribe them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usage is for
the Senate first to act on the amendments of
the committee reporting the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment of the committee will be read.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was to strike out the following
proviso at the close of the first section:
Provided further, That in lieu of such land as may
be embraced in any permanent Indian reservation,
or reserved by the United States for purposes of
internal improvement, or other purpose, the com-
pany shall be allowed to seleetother lands under the
same restrictions as heretofore provided in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line sixteen, after the words " completed sec-
tions" to insert "of road."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
after the word "place," in line twelve, to
strike out:
Also over and across all Indian reservations and
navigable rivers as made necessary for the purposes
herein mentioned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am reluctant to make
an objection to this bill by calling for the regu-
lar order ; but I perceive it has not the usual
provision inserted by the Senate in most of
the railroad bills recently passed, leaving these
lands open to actual settlers, and providing
for the issuance to the company of certificates
from time to time as each section of the road
shall be completed. I have not the amend-
ment now prepared to offer to this bill, not
expecting it to come up, and I shall be there-
fore compelled to ask for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before theSen-
ator demands the regular order, - the Chair
will state that the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have been agreed to;
and the pending question is on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont, to strike out the
proviso named by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let that be
adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I hope my friend, the Sen-
ator from California, will allow me to move a
joint resolution which ia to carry out a treaty
under Which payments are to be made on the
11 "eP'e,mber to which the President has
called particular attention in his message. It
ba,8 already passed the House of Represent-
atives, and is on our tables with the recom-
mendation of the committeeof which my friend
is a member. I wish to call it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to consent to
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
to this railroad bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
amendment will be acted on.
Mr. THAYEK. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifornia state wnat that amendment is?
Mr. WILLIAMS.. The $2 50 clause
from M i, PRESIDENT. The S^ator
to the fioo?0 S wasrecoSnized as entitled
bilMi«TII^Yi?R"r I should like to have this
pot if I"? 5 ave tried for a t0
111 «J?P\ c 10t SHPP°se the company will
^et seventy-five thousand acres under the bill,
-t is to carry oat the original plan of the
