•4436
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- ' 7.
Juries |
The House divided; and there were—ayes
21. noes 90.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I asls for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ikge^soel
and Mr. Beaman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-three-
So the yeas and nays were ordered, one fifth
of those present having voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I want a division of
the amendment apd a separate vote on uaeh
section. ' *
Mr. BANES. Will the Chair now hear a
question of order?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. If it be the proper tiras, I
will raise a question of order, which I regret
I am compelled to do. The question I make
is, that where a day has been specially assigned
by suspension of the rules for the considera-
tion of a given subject after the expiration of
the morning hour, that subject takes prece-
dence of all others, whether the previous ques-
tion has been seconded or not, as soon as the
morning hour has expired.
TheSPEAKER. Thathasnotbeen the prac-
tice of the House.
Mr. BANKS, I understand such has been
the former practice.
The SPEAKER. It has not been the prac-
tice since the membership of the Chair. If a
committee has a day assigned to it after the
morning hour, and the unfinished business of
the day before should take up the whole day, and
there should be no morning hour, the right for
that day does not inure at all. These assign-
ments are taken subject to the contingencies
of the business of the House. The Chair has
been anxious to give the gentleman this day,
assigned to the business of his committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I again make
my proposition to the House.
Mr. DAWES. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will
not insist on the previous question on his sub-
stitute and amendments thereto there will be
no objection.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have con-
sented to five or sis votes, in order that the
substitute should afterward be voted on as
proposed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Jdesire to know whether
there is any atpendment pending to the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Ohio to strike
out that part which provides for the cancella-
tion of three per cent, certificates.
The SPEAKER. Thatis not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to the
gentleman from Illinois that that is now pend-
ing on the amendment of his colleague, [Mr.
Judd.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. H it is understood that
a motion of that kind Is pending I shall not
make any objection to the arrangement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my objection to the arrangement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that there may
be no misunderstanding about this au.tter. i
am as anxious as any gentleman can be that
the House shall proceed at once to act upon l ho
Cuban question, but 1 do not wish that there
shall be any misunderstanding in regard to the
amendments now pending to the currency bill
and the substitute. If there is no proposition
now pending to strike out of the hill all that
provides for the cancellation of the three per
cents , so tbai these shall no longer be held as
part of the reserves of the national banks, and
also to strike out that portion which provides
for the contraction of the greenback currency,
I wish it to be understood that 1 shall have au
amendment to do this.
Mr. COBUBN. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Jttbd] covers what
ha? now beien suggested by his colleag«.ei
• Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In confirmation
•6f •phat the gentleman from Indiana bag stated,
J also would inform the gentleman that ,the
•amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Judd] now pending to the substitute will
accomplish precisely what his oolleague [Mr.
Ikokrsoll] proposes. I desire, also, tq state
that the additional sections proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobcbs,] by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Bubohabd,] and
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Au.ison]
are to be considered as pending.
Mr. RANDALL. Do I understand that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ikgersoli,]
divides the proposition contained in his amend-
ment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to do so, if it
can be done.
The SPEAKER. That i-equires now, and
would also require to-morrow, unanimous con-
sent.. The first question to-morrow morning
will be to vote on the gentleman's amendment.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I wish jt to be under-
stood now that there will be a division of the
amendment.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman make
that a condition to assenting to the arrange-
ment proposed by the gentleman irom Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield?]
Mr. INGBRSOLL. If that is not agreed to
I will withdraw the second section, so that a
vote may be taken on the first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no fu'ther
objection to the arrangement proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Garpieuj.J Xue
mam question wul be considered as ordered
on all the propositions up to the original bill,
and the first question to-morrow will be on the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ikoersoix.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Oivo. I ask that the
amendments now pending may be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. MAYNA UD, i ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxiw] to yield to me to
have a bill referred,
Mr. BANKS. 1 decline to yield to any gen-
tleman for any purpose whatever apart from
the question which now comes before the
House.
. eusu
Mr. BANiv.Hq from the CommiUee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution (II.
li. No. S2i>) in lolaiion tolho contest between
the people of Cuba and the Government of
Spain j which was read a lirsi and second time.
The joint resolution was read, a- follows:
Joint tesoiuHfm in rotation to iho oouiX'-st between
tho people oi (Juno- atid the Government o/ S:>ain.
/;'< bu 1l>c .V. ,w<~ aivl TTtiu"1 <>' <<■>:><!>■■■!:< ?
of the V.uttcl St'iteiaf A ,nrruj{ >. <> as fiub7edt
Tiiat tho Pie.mlont oi tiv) uniU'd suites bo, ;md
hyrcby is, authorized ;ui(l in-uueleJ to dxolaro ami
m.iintv.u a strictly iinp.-uo : i ilealr.itiry on the ;>aH
oi' the tjovemnicnt ot the Unitetl Stare? ia tho con-
test now exi.-unji !>et\\vei! tlio people ot Uub.i and
tile Government of the ku,?<lom ot Ss>aiii.
Si.:r. And be it fiirthermoh'd, That all provisions
oi f lie btatut.s niipi'oved 20di of Aord, lit IS, entitled
" An aut in addition to 'Jie net. Vo,r the ]mni,-U!uent
of certain crimes ao-ani.-' the Unito 1 > \ ami ; >
repeal t.ie acts tbeivui mentioned," chill he een-
;-tiued to am>iy e-juatly to ea-.-ii oi' trie [larlios in the
<-xi.--tia£ ! :-!. bolwcen tho people ox .'u M .;.i i The
Government of
lino. A'i'l. be ttjmflu* rr'olr I, Tontine Vre^i-
deut :s loTOhy auaiut i/,ed and iotiue;:„ed to voniou-
fetuilo a:\aio.-t the !j.u bavou,', :u :: in winch the
war io Cr.ba h ^ been contact'"!, end. it tie Jowl
deem it expedient, lo soheir. ihe eodoeraiion ot
utiier Onvei'innen L- m such me^Mireoas ho ma; deem
liccet^ary ' o secure iroin both eouroiuanK oai-iie;- :■ -i
observance of the tawjof vrarreeoenibied b> ail civil-
ized xiations.
Mr. BANK,3. I yield ;o the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Onm] to offer a substitute on
the part ot the minority of the commiitee.
Mr. ORTiI. I offer the folio whj<£ substitute
for the joint resolution reported by tho majority
of the committee.
The Cler& read as follows;
A joint resolution making it'a misdemeanor to fifcoufc
or equip ships of war, with intent that they shall
be employed in the service of any European p^ineu
- or State, for the purpose of subduing America
colonists claiming independence, and providing
for tho forfeiture of such ship or vessel.
JBe it resolve&by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That jf any person sh^ll, within the limits of
the United States, fit out, arm, or equip, or attempt
to fit out, arm. or equip. or procure to be fitted out,
armed, or equipped, ot shall knowingly be concerned
■in the fitting out, ^rming, or equipping, of any ship
or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessel shall
be employed in the service of any European prince
or State, for the purpose of subduing American col-
onists claiming iudo^endonce, or shall issue or de-
liver a commission within the territory of the Uni-
ted States for any ship or vessel with the intent that
she may be employed as aforesaid, every person so
offending t^hall bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum
not exceeding i?5,QQ0, and be imprisoned for a period
not exceeding two years nor less than six months;
and every such ship or vessel, with hor tackle, ap-
parel, and furniture, together with all materials,
ai ms, ammunition, and stores, which may have been
prounred ioi tho buiklim? and equipment thereof,
shall be forfeited, one half to the use of the informer
and the other half to the United States.
Sho. 2. And beit farther resolved* That in every case
where a yhip or ve^&el shall be fitted out, armed, or
equipped, or attempted to be fitted out, armed, or
equipped, contrary to the provisions ojf this act, it
bhuH bo iawfulforthePre.sident oftheUnitedStates,
or snc-h person as he shall have empowered for that
purposo, to employ the land or naval forces, or the
mihha of the United States, or any part thereof, for
the purpose of taking possession of and detaining
anv such ship or ve.^Sbl.
SftC. 3. And be it further resolved, That the provis-
ions of the uot approved April 20,1818, entitled "An
act jn addition to the act for the punishment of
ecrtam crimes against the United States, and to re-
peal r!\e acb therein mentioned," shall he held to
apply ancl be in force, as to ail attempts of Amerioan
colonies, ov p? rts rhefeof. to as>ert their independ-
ence; and tho v.'ords "colonies, districts, orpeoples"
in such yet slnill b i held to apply to and include all
hueh American colonists claiming independence, as
described in the first section of this act.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Locax] to offer an amendment.
Mr. LOGrAN. I offer an amendment, to add
at the end of the second section of the joint
resolution reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs the following:
And small be so construed as to give to both eon-
tending part'.es the same advantages of intercourse
and trade with the United States consistent with the
law of nations which bu.ve been or may bo accorded
to the Government of Spain.
Mr. BANKS. It was understood when the
assignment of this subject was made for to day
that there should be an evening session for
debate, as many gentlemen desire to speak
who would not have an opportunity before the
ordinary hour of adjournment. I will there-
fore ask the House to consent that there be a
session this evening for debate only on this
subject. I propose to ask the previous ques-
tion at the close of the session this afternoon.
Mr. ALLISON. L?t it be an evening session
to consider this subject.
Mr. BANlvS. M there be no objection to a
regular session of the House I will make that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
indicate the hour when he desires the House
to take a recess.
Mr. BANlvS. I movo that the House take
a recess from half past four till half past seven,
and that the evemng session be for the con-
sideration of the Cuban question.
Mr. BROOKS, oi' New York, calied for a
division on iho question of taking a recess.
Ih^ question wq.s put; and there were, on a
d.viir-iop.—ayt-M (Jl5 r.oes o j.
Mr. BUOOivS, of New York. Before I call
ior tee yeas and nays I desire an answer to the
inquiry whether it is proposed to do busiue«s
to-night as usual.
The SPi3AK!hRr. The only business will be
the eom-itlcration of xh? Cub-m question; to
which the whole of ihw day has been devoted.
Mr. BBOOKS, of Now York. There will
bo no business except in regard to Cuba?
Mr. BANKS. I understand there will he
no other business.
Mr, COX. Does tho gentleman from Massa*
