3492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
That is the effect—placing the disloyal over
them in power. Does not the Senator know
that the class of men whom he proposes to
relieve will be placed in power over the loyal
men of the South if they are relieved, sooner
or later ? He says, so far as the test-oath is
concerned, there are not fifty thousand white
men in the South who can take the test-oath.
I think the Senator is vastly mistaken.
The Senator says I want to rekindle sectional
bitterness. God forbid! I wish that I could
quench it. If it was in my power there is no
joy on earth which would be equal to restoring
harmony to our disturbed people. But, sir, I
cannot do it; and I do not accomplish it by
shutting my eyes to the fact that it does not
exist. The Senator cannot accomplish it by
shutting his eyes to the facts by which he is
surrounded.
The Senator supposes that il is possible to
conceal the whole deformity of the condition
of southern society by saying here in the Sen-
ate, " It does not exist; it may have existed in
1868."
Mr. President, there are serious times before
us, in my opinion. I tell the Senator from Con-
necticut that the policy which he advocates—
not that the Senator intends that—will sacri-
fice the loyal men of the South to conciliate the
rebels of the South. That is the whole of it.
The whole proposition is just this: we will
agree to ignore the condition of things down
there; we will refuse to protect our southern
friends ; we will assert in the face of the noon-
day sun that everything is peace, that every-
thing is as it should be in the South, for the
purpose of conciliating the rebels of the South.
Ah, sir, we must not fire the southern heart;
we must not tell the truth because that may re-
kindle the bitterness of sectional feeling! Sir,
if telling the truth is rekindling the bitterness
of sectional feeling, it must come. Harm was
never done by telling the truth, and the best
thing now that could be done is forthe Congress
of the United States to endeavor to understand
the true condition of the South, and to act
accordingly—not to endeavor to conceal it,
wrap it up in the mantle of words, deny its
existence, and shut oar eyes, ostrich-like, to
that which is around us.
Mr. WARNER. I do not propose to be
drawn into any discussion now of the question
of the removal of political disabilities; but
there are one or two things that I should like
• to say. I presume the Senator from Indiana
will agree with me that the best security to the
people of the South of all kinds and classes is
to be found in the ascendency of the Repub-
lican party. I think we would agree upon
that proposition. I have been an adherent of
that party about as long as the Senator; and
I think we have agreed, and that we agree
now, that the best interests of all the people
in the South are to be secured by the ascend-
ency of the Republican party. Now, agreeing
upon that, I wish to tell the Senator that two
thirds of the intelligent Republicans of the
South are convinced that these political dis-
abilities are a hinderance to the success of the
R epublican party in those States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. While they are in favor
ef that, I ask the Senator if they are not con-
stantly clamoring for military force in the South
to protect the loyal men from the disloyal, and
does not the Senator, representing them on this
floor, insist that the Army of the United States
should be increased to afford protection to the
loyal people of the South against the disloyal?
Mr. WARNER. I do most certainly. The
fallacy lies just here, I will tell the Senator
from Oregon: in presuming that the safety of
the southern people is found in these disabili-
ties. They are partly a source of those very
difficulties. I am surprised that a Senator of
the sagacity and the ability and the broad states-
man-like views of the Senator from Indiana
should go on and depict the condition of things
in the South, which is deplorable enough, and
I admit it is bad, and then presume that the
remedy for those grave evils, which affect the
whole of the body-politic, is to be found by
simply keeping a few men out of office. There
lies the fallacy. These outrages are to be cor-
rected by power.
Mr. MORTON. I would keep these men
out of office for their crimes. If the Senator
admits that it was a crime to originate and
carry on this rebellion, then he admits that
these men have no right to hold office; and
because of their crimes I would keep them
out. We cannot deal with seven or eight mil-
lion people; but when we find a class of men
well defined, who were the leaders and the
originators of the rebellion, we can, by every
principle of justice and sound policy, put our
hands upon them and say, "You shall not
become the law-makers of this land." I say to
my friend from Alabama that if the policy he
indicates should become the law of this land,
my opinion is that the seat which he occupies so
worthily and so much to my satisfaction would
soon know him no more forever.
Mr. WARNER. There is just where the
Senator from Indiana is most sadly mistaken.
If his policy were carried out in the South, if
the Republican party in my State were to plant
itself upon the doctrine of proscription, of bit-
terness, which he preaches, and in opposition
to the removal of all political disabilities, I
think, in that event, I should be succeeded by
a Democrat. But I can tell the Senator that
in my State the Republican party has been
nearly a unit upon this question of the removal
of political disabilities, as a measure of polit-
ical policy. Placing it upon no other ground,
we sustain it as a measure looking to the suc-
cess of the Republican party. Every Repub-
lican member of the other branch went into the
canvass advocating that doctrine, and came
here pledged to it, and everyone of them is an
advocate of it to day; and standing upon that
very ground I have no doubtatall,and I make
the prediction when my term expires, if I do
not again fill this seat, some other and worthier
Republican will.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to appeaT to the
Senator from Alabama not to extend the dis-
cussion of the question of the removal of dis-
abilities on thisbill. The section under consider-
ation simply provides a punishment for those
who violate the Constitution a3 it now is. It
does not involve the question of what shall be
done as to the removal of disabilities. This
section certainly cannot reach any good man
at all, because any man who has violated the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution, or
proposes to violate it hereafter while it re-
mains a part of the Constitution, by holding
office until his disabilities are removed, eanncct
be a worthy citizen. It does not involve the
question of the removal of disabilities.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will not make a speech while begging
me not to make one.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall not con-
tinue this discussion as to whether political
disabilities shall be removed or not. The ques-
tion before the Senate simply is whether the
fourteenth amendment shall be enforced while
it remains a part of the Constitution.
Mr. WARNER. As to that question, I may
as well say here that I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut,
for this reason: while I am in favor, as a mat-
ter of statesmanship and as a matter of polit-
ical policy, of wiping out these disabilities, I
am also in favor of having the Constitution
respected, and having it enforced so long as
it remains as it is. I therefore shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to strike out this provision. The
Constitution ought to be respected, and it ought
to be made operative everywhere. Therefore
I shall vote as I have said.
I shall not protract the discussion; but the
Senator from Indiana makes an entire mistake
as every man who is familiar with this class'
of people in the South knows, when he says
that the men who are under disability are almost
universally the old leaders of the rebellion. I
want to tell him and the Senate what I first
! saw when I went South. I went into Autauga
county, Alabama, and I found two leading men
there, lawyers, men of note and influence in
their county. One had been a leading and an
original secessionist, a disciple of John C.
Calhoun ; the other had been an old Whig, a
follower of Webster, a Union man ; but the
Union man accidentally had held a little office
given to him as a mark of confidence and
respect by his people ; the other man had not,
and the Union man was disabled and the seces-
sionist was not. You find these examples all
over the South.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask the Senator
one question in connection with that case which
he mentions in Alabama; whether the men
, alluded to in the Methodist church, or other
churches, who held the cold shoulder toward
a reunion with the northern members of the
same church are generally men who labor
under disabilities ?
1 Mr. WARNER. Very frequently. The effect
of keeping these disabilities on these men is to
increase the bitterness of feeling. The great
cry which we have to meet in discussing polit-
ical questions in the South and in defending
Republican principles and the policy of the
party is this very doctrine of proscription. A
Democrat stands before the people and says,
"Here you allow the humblest colored man,
who cannot read or write, to hold an office, and
you deny it to me ;" and he excites the sym-
pathy and commiseration of his fellow-citizens.
[ Hence we have come to the conclusion that
we had better remove these disabilities and
j stop their cry. They are less powerful when
relieved than they are when disabled. When
a man of note and influence in a community
stands up before his people and says to them,
although he may have had a good record, " I
am disabled from holding office, yet many
humbler and meaner men than I can hold
office," he excites sympathy, and he invari-
ably gathers around him a circle of men who
are thereby kept out of the Republican party.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask my friend a
question. I understand him to say that pro-
scription and disabilities are the causes of the
outrages and disorders which prevail in the
South.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator will
not understand me as saying any such thing.
I said these disabilities served to increase the
bitterness and hostility to the Republican party
in the South.
Mr. THAYER. A little while ago the Sen-
ator certainly said something like this, that
I they were the main causes.
Mr. WARNER. I said nothing like it.
1! The Senator misunderstood me.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly I could not have
J misunderstood the Senator, that the existence
II of disabilities tends to increase the bitterness,
j j and of course that bitterness tends to the ex-
j; istence of these outrages or has an influence
il in producing them. Is that what the Senator
i said?
Mr. WARNER. I repeat what I said be-
fore, that the imposition of these disabilities
! | serves to increase the bitterness and hostility
toward the Government and toward the Re-
|; publican party. Wherever you find a man
I disabled you find a man who is thereby made
• more the enemy of the Republican party.
' Mr. THAYER. Let me ask my friend this
question : does the existence of these disabil-
ities tend to create the disturbances and the
; disorders?
Mr. WARNER. I have no doubt at all that
the influence of the removal of all these polit-
ical disabilities would be toward peace in the
South. That would be its influence ; not that
it would produce it. I would carry, as I have
