1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Committee of the Whole to the fact that the
policy of the French in the north, and of the
Spaniards in the south, for several hundred
years was entirely different from that which
has been pursued by the Government of the
United States toward the Indians within our
borders. I will read from a translation before
me in relation to the establishment of Indian
pueblos in Mexico:
" In the year 1546, by orderof tho emperor, Charles
V, of glorious memory, there convened the prelates
of New Spain, who,desiring to render service to God
and ourselves, resolved that the Indians should be
brought to settle, reduced to pueblos, and that they
should not, live divided and soparatod by mountains
and hills, depriving themselves of thebeneflt,spirit-
ual and temporal, Without aid from our agents, and
that assistance which human wunts require men
mutu&Uy to render, one another. And in order that
the propriety of this resolution might bo recognized,
tho kings, judges, presidents, aud governors wero
charged und commanded by different orders of tho
kings, our predecessors, that with much mildness and
moderation they should, carry into effect the reduc-
tion, settlement, and instruction of the Indians, act-
ing with so much justice and delicacy that without
oauaing (uiy difficulty a motive might be presented
to those who oould not be brought to settle, in the
hope that as .soon as they witnessed the good treat-
ment and protection of such as had been reduced to
pueblos tljey might consent to offer thowseivesot'their
own accord, ana orderwas given that they should not
pay higher duties than Was established by law," &c.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it will be seen that so
far back aa the year 1546 the Spanish Govern-
ment in Europe resolved upon the policy of
civilizing and christianizing and educating the
Indians, And that they did so successfully
is a, matter of history, not only so far as they -
are concerned, but so far as the French are
concerned in their settlements in North Amer-
ica, which settlements were made several hun-
dred years ago. The French and Spaniards
endeavored, to civilize and christianize the
Indians, aud in that way to make them useful -
people, to educate the young Indiaus so that .
they could be brought to live among settle-
ments. The result was, Mr. Chairman, as you
will remember, that before the settlement of
the thirteen Colonies the French settlers frem
Canada, who traversed the country as far back
as the Mississippi river, making settlements, at
different, locations, were on friendly terms with
all die Indian tribes; they could go to apy part
of North America among the Indians and were
always received as friends.
Sir, the policy of the Government of the
United States has been entirely different. The
result has been that we have had war with the
Indiaps from the. first settlement of the coun-
try down to the present Administration. There
is no question in the minds of those who like
myselt have had some experience among, the
Indians, both in war and in peace, thslt if
proper measures were inaugurated by the Gov-
ernment we should have, at a far less expense
to the Government, a much, better condition
of affairs in the western country than we have
had for a great many years.
Hence, Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kansas, ("Mr.
Clarke,] because I believe it is the duty ot the
Government to endeavor by all proper means
to bring these Indians upon reservations; and
having brought them there, I hope the Gov-
ernment will continue the policy which has
lately been inaugurated, to educate, civilize,
and christianize the Indians of our Territories.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. SARGENT. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Mercur re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the special order. beiDg the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula.-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
endingSOthJane, 1871, and for other purposes, .
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SARGENT, I move that when the Com- .
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph be
closed in half a minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Cemmittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mercur in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the first special order, being
House bill No. 1169, making appropriations for
I the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1871, and for other
purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. In the half minute allowed
;i for debate I wish only to say that I trust the
:: Indian department will not be fettered by the
| adoption of the amendment proposed by the
I gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
! Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The half minute allowed
ij for debate on this paragraph has expired.
II Mr. CLARKE. I raise the point of order
' i that the motion of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] included only the pend-
ing paragraph aud not the amendment which
. I propose to discuss.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
i The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Clarke, which was to add to the pend-
ing paragraph the following:
Provided, That no part of this sum be paid unless
1 the said Indians agree to be located upon reserva-
! tions and abstain from all aots of hostility.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Del a wares:
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend bjr add-
ing to the paragraph just read the following:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall be shown
to the Secretary of the Interior thatono of the chiefs
provided for by said private article is still alive.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For transportation and insurance, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities for the Pawnees, $2,000:
Provided, That the President is hereby authorized
to cause to bo transferred to said tribes of Pawnees
the property mentioned in article four of the treaty
of September 24,1857.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
proviso, and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing :
To pay one farmer, one blaokamith, one miller, o e
engineer, and one teacher, $4,250.
The proviso was originally inserted on my
motion because certain treaty stipulations had
expired and it was thought possible to tarn
over some mills to the Pawnees, and they would
take care of them, but I am satisfied from my
examination of the matter that I was in error.
Therefore I have proposed the pending amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. My friend from California ha 
got along remarkably with his bill, and as this
is suspension day in the House, I hope he will
now yield for a motion to rise.
Mr. SARGENT. This being the o*ly day
in the week when we can suspend the rules, I
think the request of the gentleman is reason-
able, and I therefore move the committee rise.
The motion wa&agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Mer-
cur reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 1169,
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department .
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
distilled spirits.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 179)
to extend the time for withdrawal of distilled
spirits now in bond in distillery warehouses.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the time for withdrawal of distilled spirits
now iti bond in distillery warehouses, or here
after entered fordeposit in such warehouses, be,
and the same is hereby, extended to three years
from the date of entry for deposit; provided,
that this extension shall not apply to distilled
spirits now in bond, unless on or before the
maturity of the bond or bonds given for the pay-
ment ot the tax on such spirits, the distiller
or the owner thereof renews the bond or bonds
in duplicate, with one or more sufficient sure-
ties satisfactory to the collector of the district
wherein the spirits are bonded, conditioned
that the principal named in said bond will pay
the tax on the spirits as specified in the entry,
or cause the same to be paid before removal
from the distillery warehouse, and within three
years from the date of the entry for deposit.
Mr. McCRARY. I object.
Mr. BECK. I move to suspend thg rules
for the purpose of presenting that joint resolu-
tion and putting it on its passage.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
88, noe3 30.
So, two thirds having voted in favor thereof,
the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was received, and read
a first and second time.
Mr. BECK. I will yield to the acting chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
move an amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out all after the resolving clause, and
in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That section twenty-three of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes, approved July 20, 1868, be amended so
that the time for the payment of the tax on distilled
spirits may be extended to three yeaTsfrom the date
of entry for deposit in a distillery warehouse; and
the bond prescribed to be given in said section shall
bo hereafter conditioned for such payment before
removal of the spirits from distillery warehouses an*
within three years from the date ot such entry. And
this extension of time for three years from the date
of entry shall be allowed on any distilled spirits now
in distillery warehouse upon the giving of a new and
additional bond in form and conditioned as pre-
; scribed in said section, for the time remaining until
tho end of such period of three years. But in all
cases there shall be included in the tax to be paid on
distilled spirits in addition to the tax now assessed
: by law, a farther amount of one cent on each proof
: gallon of such spirits so deposited for each month
! after one year from the time of deposit, nnd until
I the spirits are withdrawn. And any fraction of a
month at the time of removal shall be counted as a
whole month. And any distilled spirits remaining in
a distillery warehouse for more than three years
from the time of entry shall be forfeited to the Uni-
ted States.
I wish. to.state, Mr. Speaker, that this sub-
stitute has been under consideration by tho
Committee of Ways and Means. It varies from
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky in substance only so far as to im-
pose the additional tax on any distilled spirits
remaining longer than one year in the ware-
house, of one cent per gallon for each month,
so that the Government may have some com-
pensation for the delay. 1 hope the gentle-
men from Kentucky will accept the substitute
aa a modification of his resolution.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to the sub-
stitute, except upon the question of interest.
I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Prossbk] for an amendment upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. PROSSER. I wish to say a word,
because.I represent a district which is largely
interested in the subject now engaging the
attention of the House. I desire to say that
while I haye.no objection to the substitute as
regards its general principles, I do object to
the clause which, requires the payment of
