2548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish now to call the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my friend will with-
draw that call for a few moments.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; 1 will do so
for a few minutes, but i want to have this mat-
ter disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps there may be some
delicacy in my saying anything on this subject
lest I may seem to be ppposed to this measure.
I have nothing to say about the merits of it,
except that I can see the propriety if a mem-
ber of the House has been sued because of the
alleged infringement of the rights of any one
in the discharge of duties imposed upon liim
by order of the House-—I can see the propriety
of the House defending the member in such a
suit.
But I wish to refer to a matter which I
referred to the other day, in connection with a
subject which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] had in charge ; and that is the
payment out of the contingent fund of this
House of charges which, if chargeable upon
any contingent fund, were chargeable upon the
contingent fund of a former House ; and for
the purpose of bringing the question more dis-
tinctly before tho House 1 had occasion on
yesterday to call upon the Clerk of the House
to slate why lie had paid $1,800 out of the
contingent fund of this House for a matter
which, if the claim was due at. all, had accrued
in 1801. The reply of the Clerk was referred
by order of the House to the Committee on
Appropriat ions. Now, to any gentleman who
knows anything about the history and purposes
of these contingent funds, I think that it must,
without doubt, be perfectly clear that they are
separate funds, each House having a fund set
apart to pay its own contingent expenses, and
any attempt to transfer to the contingent fund
of one House charges that properly belong to
the contingent fuud of another House is ille-
gal—is not only wrong, but illegal; and if the
attention of the Comptroller of tho Treasury is
called to it, it will never pass there, and will
ultimately involve the Clerk of this House in
difficulty.
This House cannot have quartered upon its
contingent fund anything but proper charges
against this House. This House cannot order
to be paid out of its contingent fund any charge
which accrued under a former House, or it can
order it., but the Comptroller of the Treasury,
if he shall conform to the law, will be required
to disallow that item in the account of tiie
Clerk of the House. The reason forthatis very
evident. Each House must have its own ex-
penses separately. I am aware this rule has
been frequently transgressed ; I do not mean to
say that in tho case I had up yesterday there was
any disposition on the part of anybody con-
nected with this House to commit any fraud or
wrong in that respect. But I desire to have
the thing stopped. Some ten years ago a gen-
tleman who had contested a seat in this House
failed to get the usual compensation allowed
to contestants out of the contingent fund of
the House, and he was the first contestant who
up to that time had ever failed to get the usual
allowance. He failed to get it merely because
the matter came up the lastday of the session,
and it went over without being acted upon.
Lie came to the next Congress and petitioned
to be paid out of the contingent fund of that
Iloiuic. Tne subject was investigated, and a
distinguished member from the State of Maine,
not now a member of this House, Mr. Israel
Washburn, then upon the Committee of Elec-
tions, to which the subject was referred—Mr.
Washburn made a report asking that the Com-
mittee of Elections be discharged from the
i'.u-ther consideration of the petition and that
it be referred to the Committee of Claims as
a claim upon the Treasury of the United States
and not upon the contingent fund of the House,
after the contingent fund of the House, during
which the claim had arisen, had been exhausted.
And from that time to the time when I detected
this $1,800 affair yesterday that has been the
rule in this House.
I defended the contingent fund of this House
the other day from a claim presented by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and
I must say in regard to this claim that if it is
one upon the contingent fund of any House it
is one upon' the contingent fund of the last
House ; and if tho contingent fund of the last
House was exhausted without paying the just
claims upon it, then this is a deficiency which
should go into the deficiency bill. I trust my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] will not press
this charge upon the contingent fund of this
House. 1 make these remarks with reluctance,
because I do not desire to seem to oppose the
claim itself, but merely to say that the con-
tingent fund of this House should not be made
liable for the payment of such claims.
Mr. BINGHAM-. I understand the gentle-
man does not object to the payment of the
claim, but to paying it out of this fund.
Mr. DAWES. That is my objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will in a few moments
answer the gentleman. For the present 1 yield
for a few minutes to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. MAYNAKD. I do not concur entirely
with the views expressed by tho gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] as to the con-
tingent fund of the House. That fund, about
which there has been at one time or another
more or less discussion, is a fuud provided for
the payment of expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives—expenses incident to this branch
of Congress. I think the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts takes entirely too narrow and tech-
nical a view in supposing that in resorting to
that contingent fund the House of Represent-
atives cannot go back of expenses connected
with the existing House. My recollection
of the precedents docs not agree with that
of the gentleman. Daring my career in this
House 1 have served for two successive Con-
gresses as a member of tho Committee of
Claims, before which matters of this general
character frequently came; and I recollect that
frequently such matters as that which was
brought up the other day by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Homian] and other claims of sim-
ilar character were ordered to bo paid out of
the contingent fund of the House on the ground
that they were matters which had arisen purely
in connection with this branch of Congress, no
matter whether during tho current Congress or
a preceding Congress. Suppose, for example,
bills for stationery for this House are contracted
during one Congress and by some oversight or
casualty their payment is omitted ; they prop-
erly become a charge against tho contingent
fund of the House, and if not paid during tho
current Congress the claim continues equally
good when another Congress lias succeeded.
It has been the purpose that the contingent
fund of the House shall not be used for the pay-
ment of anything outside of expenditures con-
nected with the House, its organization, its
privileges, or proceedings. But I do not by
any means concur with the gentleman from
Massachusetts in the view that the House can
make this fund liable for such claims only as
may have accrued during the existence of the
particular Congress. In many instances we
have gone back and paid out of the contingent
fund claims accruing during preceding Con-
gresses.
Mi. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
answer the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] He is mistaken in overlooking one
fact: that the proceedings out of which these
expenses grow, although they began during
the Fortieth Congress, were not terminated
till a time during the existence of the present
Congress. The suit was not dismissed and the
liability was not ascertained until a month or
two after the present Congress had convened.
The member incurring these expenses is a
member of the present House, the expenses
having been incurred in executing the order of
a former House. I submit to the honorable
gentleman whether this state of facts does not
put the case in such a position that the claim
ought equitably to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House.
Mr. DAWES. When making my former
remarks I did not know that these expenses in-
curred by my colleague had accrued since he
became a member of the present House. In
this view I think the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has weight.
But my intention was to call the attention of
the House to tho integrity of this fund. I
wish to illustrate that a little farther. Sup-
pose my colleague had been a member of the
Fortieth Congress and were not a member of
this; suppose he had been obliged to defend
that suit as a private citizen because of acts
performed hy him in defense of the rights of
the Fortieth Congress. In such a case I do
not think anybody would say that the contin-
gent fund of the Forty-First Congress ought
to be made liable for the payment of those
expenses. Clearly such a claim should be
paid, if at all, out of the Treasury of the
United States. If, on the other hand, a mem-
ber of the Forty-First Congress were obliged
to incur expenses in defending the privileges
of the House, it might be very proper to reim-
burse such expenses out of the contingent fund.
In this connection, if my friend from Ohio
will allow me, I wish to call the attention of
the House to a matter that was up yesterday,
connected with this contingent fund, although
otherwise it may appear a little foreign to the
present question. I would like sotne member
of the Committee on Accounts to toll us by
what authority of law they recommended the
Clerk of this House to pay a claim for adver-
tising- in a newspaper in 1861.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield for the pur-
pose of debating that question now.
Mr. DAWES. I h&vesaid all I desire in con-
nection with this claim, and I submit to tho
last suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ARNELL. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will yield to mo for a moment. I desire
to say a word in reference to this matter which
has just been referred to by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. Precisely such a claim
for similar work was paid by a former Con-
gress to the National Intelligencer. The same
advertisement was paid for in the National
Intelligencer. It was published in the Chron-
icle of this city. For some reason or other
the Chronicle was not paid, although entitled
to be paid. The Committee on Accounts ap-
proved the claim of the National Intelligencer
and it was paid. The Committee on Accounts,
after full investigation, was satisfied the work
was done.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me, but I cannot yield to that debate now.
Mr. ABNELL. I wish to answer in reference
to the action of the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 must rise to a question
of order.
Mr. ARNELL. I will answer, then, the
question of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
briefly, as follows: the account was paid by
authority of the Committee on Accounts, for
reasons satisfactory to that committee. I state
that because I am called to order, and cannot
make a full explanation.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman again on that point.
Mr.DAWES. Ihaveaskedapertinentqiies-
tion of the Committee on Accounts, touching
an item of SI,800 paid out of the contingent
fund of the House, when there is a deficiency
pending before the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and the answer I get is that they paid
the claim for reasons satisfactory to themselves.
Mr. ARNELL. Previously the House had
paid a claim of precisely the same character.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order.
