590'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Currency—Mr. Burcliard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
capital at the outset to get these bonds, and
forbidding the sections of the country sought
to be benefited to use the bonds held in their
midst. I have moved to strike out the require-
ment that such bonds should be purchased in
coin, and hope that whole provision will be
stricken out.
LKGAL TENDER VS. BANK NOTES.
But we are asked, why not issue legal-tender
notes in place of national currency, and save
the interest on a like amount of bonds that
could be redeemed therewith ?
First. A further issue of legal-tender Treas-
ury notes wonld not afford relief where it
is needed. The Treasury will not give away
these notes gratuitously. Theymnstbe drawn
into circulation from the Treasury by pay-
ment of bonds or other Government indebt-
edness. These bonds are mostly held at the
money centers and in the wealthy States now
having an excess of their share of the cir-
culation. It would there further increase
the abundance of money, while the other sec-
tions holding few Government securities would
still remain destitute of circulation. Inflation
and depreciation of the currency would be
the necessary consequence, and little of the
new issue would reach the needy States. By
enhancement of price through expansion,
more currency would be received for com-
modities sold, but just as much more be paid
for commodities purchased. Such iuflation
would thus injure most the very sections it is
sought to benefit.
Scarcity of money in the destitute portions
of the country lias largely resulted from ad-
verso balance of trade. Medium crops and
low priccs, with usual purchases and large in-
vestments in improvements, not only drain off
the circulation but increase the indebtedness
to the moneyed States.
Where purchases exceed sales, a debt is cre-
ated to be paid in the future. Inflation of
prices increases the nominal amount of such
debt, and less actual value passes as the con-
sideration. Inflation is the worst possible
remedy for a region where circulation has
become insufficient by reason of low prices or
lessened production, and consequent unfavor-
able balance of trade with loss of currency
and growing indebtedness.
The idea often enteitained that, abundance
of circulation cheapens the rate paid for the
use of money is fallacious. Gentlemen say,
make cnrrtincy plenty and interest will be low.
But, I lie rale of interest depends upon the state
of the loan market, not the volume of circula-
tion. The least iimount oC per capita circula-
tion in this country since 1830 was at the com-
mencement of the year A. 1J. 184:!, when there
was outside of the chartered banks but $5 08.
Yel tins is the history ofthat period as recorded
by a practical banker familiar from personal
knowledge with the facta conccrning which he
wrote:
" The spring of 1813 opened with an inactivomoney
murker; large amounts socking investment!',!, lower
unci3; operations quoted as low lis tour and a hall'
per cent, per annum; banks and insurance com-
panies loaning freely en dennind at four anil a half
ami live per cent.; and one of our leading bunks, as
we Inive l efn recently informed by its president,
loaned a, portion of its capital in 181.'!. at three per
cent."—Ntttcs mi IluitkaiQ awi finance, iti Hanker*'
AUtyuzuw,. March, 18o6, puga 080.
When currency is really most abundant there
is fiequeiuiy greatest, stiingency. There was
more money in the country and ill circulation
iu 1 .''.Viand iu 1857 than atanv other time prior
to 1^02; yet the pressure for money loans,
occasioned by inflation and consequent specu-
lation, carried the rate of interest to one, two,
and three per cent, per mouth, and even at
this exwibitaut rate on ample security money
in some parts of the country could not be
obtained.
Making money plenty by increase of quantity
when already suilicient, makes it cheaper as to
its put chasing power, but not necessarily as to
the rate for its use. It stimulates prices and
exchanges, each of which necessitates more
circulation. The prospect of profitable pur-
chases on a rising market induces capitalists
who have idle funds or money loaned them-
selves to use their means so that the very in-
crease designed to relieve, only aggravates the
stringency in the money loan market
BANKS AFFORD LOCAL RELIEF.
Oil the contrary, the organization of banks
and issue of their circulation, where deficient,
practically adds so much more loanable money
capital to the locality. A twofold advantage
results. Besides furnishing facilities fordoing
business by checks, thus requiring less circu-
lation, capital loaned to the Government can
again, in the form of circulating notes, be loaned
to private individuals, Existing capital need
not be exchanged to draw in circulation from
abroad. The money originates where the bank
is located and emanates as called for, to accom-
modate borrowers. The local amount of cur-
rency, both for loan and active circulation, is
enlarged and money stringency relieved. It is
true that circulation thus added will flow away
in settlement of adverse balances, but its first
effect will be as beneficial as the gratuitous
receipt of a like amount of moneyed capital.
AUTHORITY DOUBTFUL.
Second. The power of Congress to make
"stamped paper" a legal tender is question-
able if not wholly wanting. The advocates of
such currency, upon the late decision of the
Supreme Court, seemed to concede this point,
and introduced a proposed amendment to the
Constitution conferring the authority. Their
further issue would create great confusion and
disturbance in business and in the currency
itself. Because
1. It was held by the court that the obligations
of contracts cannot be impaired by declaring
such paper a legal tender in discharge of preex-
isting debts. The new issue, therefore, would
only pay taxes ,'ind future debts.
2. If legal in time of war, as yet judicially
undetermined, can Congress in time of peace
exorcise this power, denied the States?
3. If necessity atfirst sanctioned and legalized
their issue does it now authorize their continu-
ance ?
Unless material gain and substantial advan-
tages will accrue to the people we would not be
justified in embarrassing the stability of pay-
ments and complicating the currency with
another variety, of uncertain value and of
doubtful legality.
LKQAI. TKNDEltS NO CHEAPER THAN HANK CIRCULA-
TION.
Third. No saving to the Government and
people would result from I he change, or compar-
atively so little that no benefit would accrue.
What, would be gained by the substitution of
Treasury notes for outstanding national bank
circulation? Certainly only the interest on so
many bonds as could be redeemed with the
greenbacks put out in place of national notes.
The national notes outstanding amount to
3205,000,000, to redeem which an average
reserve of twenty per cent, is required to be
retained in legal tenders, amounting to $59,-
000,000, leaving $'236,000,000 actual circula-
tion added by the banks. Without inflation,
onlythat amountof greenbacks could be issued
and substituted for the bank notes, canceling,
if redeemed dollar for dollar, a like amount of
bonds, which now draw interest, about one
half at five and the remainder at six percent.,
apparently saving $12,800,000paid for interest.
But to issue this bank circulation, §<158,000,000
of Government bonds are deposited as security,
woilh, with the premium, at the usual quota-
tions, about, three hundred and ninety million
dollars, which, by force of the Constitution
itself, as was decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States atari early day, as w«ll
as by express provision of the law authorizing
their issue, are exempt from ail State and
municipal taxation. These bonds constitute
$890,000,000 of the $432,000,000 existing na-
tional bank capital; and as such capital their
value becomes liable to taxation. The Comp-
troller of Currency has carefully computed
from official data thearaount paid in such tax-
ation for the last three years, and furnished, at
my request, the following statement of taxes
paid by national banks to the United States,
and to the several States in which they are
located. The information is derived from re-
ports made by the banks, and is regarded as a
very close approximation to the actual amounts
paid:
1867.
Taxes paid to tho United States 38.069,938
Taxes paid to tho several States  7,949,451
Capital. $424,391,801. Total tax $10,019,389
186S.
Taxes paid to the United States $9,525,607
Taxes paid to the several States  8.813.126
Capital, 4426,189,111. Total tax $18,383,733
1869. '
Taxes paid to the United States ,'$10,029,9S2
Taxes paid to tho sevoral States  8,972,711
Capital,$432,163,611. Total tax $19,002,693
The account stands with the national banks
for 18G0;
Cr.
By taxes paid .$19,002,693
Contra Or.
To interest paid on bonds  12,800,000
To gain $6,202,693
Itmay be said, however, thatonly $390,000,-
000 of the bank capital is invested in bonds,
atid therefore made subject to taxation, so
that the whole amount should not be credited.
The proportionate taxation would amount to
$17,150,250, leaving the gain still over four
million dollars, which could hardly be com-
pensated by amount of increased receipts from
private bankers upon deposits and forlicenses,
were the national banks abolished.
If, as is hoped, bonds drawing a lower rate
can bencgotiated, thesixpercent. bonds will be
called in and redeemed, and of necessity the
banks will be compelled to procure the lower
bond, and the interestaccoun,twith them wonld
be lessened over $2,000,000.
It has been suggested that while the bonds
may not be taxable the greenbacks issued as
money for their redemption are taxable, and
thus the capital of the holders of bank shares,
in winding up the latter, receiving the legal-
tender notes in place of the bonds canceled,
would be taxed in pari as though it had re-
mained bank capital. If true, the tax would
be light, since the amount of ready money
possessed is with difficulty ascertained by the
assessor. But legal-tender notes, even issued
and held as money, are no more taxable than
the bonds. This precise point was decided by
the Supreme Court in the case of Bank vs.
Supervisors, and the opinion of the court will
be found in the seventh volume of Wallace's
Reports, page 20, where a fac simile legal-
tender note, the taxing of which was the only
question in the ease, is presented. The couit
decide that—
• "United States notes issued under tho loan anil
currency acts of 1862 and 1863, intended to eircuhito
as money and actually constituting with the nation.it
bank notes tile ordinary circulating medium ot tho
country, are moreover obligations of the nation,it
Government, and exempt from State taxation."
In the case of The Bank vs. The Mayor,
reported on the preceding page of the same
report, the couit, say ;
"The principle of exemption is that States can-
not control the national Government within fiic
sphere of its constitutional powers, lor tlieie it w
supreme, and cannot t.ix its obligations l'or payment,
of money issued for purposes within that rsniise of
powers." (2 Peters, 467; 2 Black, 623 ; 2 Wallace,
200J
This exemption does not apply to bank notes,
so that through this system there Jesuits a
