292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Why not vote it down now ? Why does lie want
this bill to live at all for any time? It is,
according to the gentleman, so bad, so utterly
vile, that he said it was not worthy to be con-
sidered in the House of Representatives of the
people. If so. why does he want to keep it
alive till the third Wednesday of January? Why
not vote it down at once? His argument is
suicidal. It is not an argument for postpone-
ment ; it is only an argument against the pas-
sage of the bill, and as such I am quite willing
it should receive the due weight it deserves.
It will not harm the bill.
But the gentleman insists that the bill is in
conflict with our laws heretofore passed. Well,
assume that to be true. Why do we pass it at
all ? It i3 because the laws heretofore passed
have proved inoperative, and we mean that this
bill should be in conflict with those inoperative
laws. This is the first time that in a legisla-
tive body I have heard it argued against a
law that it repealed or made operative another
law which it is desirable should be repealed or
made operative. Such a law is passed simply
because it is necessary to repeal or render oper-
ative another law. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] has not dared to say, he was
bound too strongly by the noble record he made'
during the war to be permitted to say that this
bill is in contravention of any principle of the
Constitution of the United States. He would
not so far go back on that record as to agree
in that with the party with which he is now
acting in opposition to this bill. I was glad to
see that the gentleman was bound in this way,
and that he only put it that this bill was in con-
travention ot some of the reconstruction laws
passed in 18G7.
Now, I want to serve notice on the gentle-
man from Ohio, and on everybody else, that
all political experience and all legislative wis-
dom and all care for the interests of this coun-
try did not die out when the Thirty-Ninth
Congress adjourned without day. There was
a little left then for our present use. But there
was one thing said by the gentleman from Ohio
which very much pained ray ear. Ho tells us
that there was a "line in the message of the
President of the United States to Congress
which the President of the United States never
intended should have been there, and that be
knew it." Now, if the gentleman means by
knowmgit that ho knew it from the con-
text, that is one thing; if he means that he
knew it bo because the President has told him
so, I think he should make known to the House
that he is authorized to make that statement.
Is the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
authorized to inform this House from the Presi-
dent of the United States of what the Presi-
dent, lias told him? Has tho President author-
ized him to say to this House that the President
has made him a special messenger to inform
Jjws tiouse that in a solemn message sent by
tneJixecutivo to both Housed of Congress there
was a line which he never intended should be
in that message? Will he say that the Presi-
dent has left this line in that document sent to
us tor our guidance, that he left it there for so
many weeks and never let anybody know that
a be tbere but the gentleman from
Ohio? Are we to understand from him that
the Executive thus deals with the Congress of
the United States? I think there ought to be
no mistake as to this.
™ihayei°T, ?nd over aSain deprecated any
one s undertaking to control the action of this
House by means of pretended private commu-
nications from the President of the United
States. I never for my own part made any
such intimations to the House, and I have no
respec, in that regard for any gentleman who
does. When the President of the United
Mates undertakes to communicate with a mem-
ber of Congress as a private gentleman with a
private gentleman neither of the parties ceases
to be gentlemen, and no gentlemen report
th« TTnftTtff0n- ,But ;f fho President of
We United States makes such statements for
the_ purpose of being repeated and influencing
legislation, then he undertakes to log-roll wiffi
members of Congress, which I do not believe;
and then 
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to
order. He has no right to talk about the
President log-rolling the House. I said noth-
ing to justify any such language. I stand upon
what I said. And the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butlek] has no power to move
me a moment in the assertion I made here,
that the President of the United States never
meant by anything in his message that this
House should impose upon Georgia the test-
oaths of the reconstruction acts.
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. What the
gentleman says I take as lie now says it, and
am very glad to take it. What he said in his
speech was what I commented on.
Mr. BINGHAM. What I said was what I
say now, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The rec-
ord will show.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, the record will show.
My memory and judgment are as good as
yours.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
repeat what the gentleman at first said, so that
there can be no mistake :
" There is a line'in the President's message which
ho nover intended should be there, and I know it."
That was what I was deprecating, and the
gentleman had no occasion to call me to order.
I do not believe the high functionary that we
have chosen the President, I do not believe
General Grant undertakes to communicate to
this House his recommendations in that way,
and I do not want any gentleman to tell me
that he does.
-Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield 1
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot.
Mr. BINGHAM. I only want to say that
nobody said he communicated to this Ilouse.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to have members come here, as we had
all last session, and say the President wants
this and the President wants that. I do not
know, I ought not to know, what the President
of the United States wants of the Legislature,
except what he says to them through his solemn
messages. I am quite content with such rev-
elations of his purposes and policy, and satisfied
with them. I have only adverted to it that we
may never have anything more of what I be-
lieve to be a most unseemly, as I know it is
unparliamentary, exhibition of supposed exec-
utive influence that has ever disgraced Con-
gress, not irom the Executive, but from those
who pretend to give his words to control our
votes.
There is a single other argument to which
the moment I have will allow me to call atten-
| '10tl- ^ 's ^at this bill delegates power to
the Governor of a State, and that this never
was done before by United States laws, and
never can be done again. I hold in my hand
the Constitution of the United States, and sec-
tion four of the fourth article provides that the
lixecutive of a State shall have power to call
upon the President of the United States to put
m exercise his high functions and send troops
to_a State to put down domestic violence. At
this point I only desire to send to the Chair
and have read a letter from the Governor of
Georgia, m which he says that the hour this
bill becomes a law he will call a meeting of
the Legislature to assemble on the 12th day of
January.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D. C„ December 21,1869
SK S5SS5,'an.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I have
time I will.
Mr. MAYHAM. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if the same provision of the Constitution
to which he refers does not provide that the
Executive may call upon the President when
the Legislature cannot be convened ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
unquestionably it does ; but still it authorizes
an exercise of power by a State officer, which
is the point at issue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from the 8knatk.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) sus-
pending existing provisions of law for taking
the census; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
. reconstruction 01? georgia.
The SPEAKER. The hour of three o'clock
p. m. having arrived, the House will proceed to
vote on the pending bill; and the first ques-
tion is on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bin'gham,] that the bill be post-
poned until the third Wednesday in January
next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 117, not voting
40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebik
Dickinson, Dox.Eldridge, X'arnsworth, Finkelnburg,
Getz, Greene, Griswold, Haldeman, Hambleton,
llamul, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
1*. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayhfim, McCor-
mick. McCrary, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
tack, Potter, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Joseph S.Smith,
stone, btrader, fewann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Iruinp, \ oorhees, Wells, Eugene 51. Wilson, Win-
7vtsa v er, an(i Woodward—54.
IN AYb—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
M ' Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin.
Bennett, Benton, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin I<. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,Cessna
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb.Coburn, Cook, Con-
ger, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Don-
« ^ ttVf ' Sla- •?ierrisft Perry. Fisher, Pitch, Gar-
field, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Ileaton, Hill, Hoar
iloge, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
^ 5' TIveIley' KflloSg. Kelsey, Ketcham,
™ JiPP m n\%awr??c,?' Loga,n,' Loughridge, Mav-
¥eCarthy>McGrew, Mercur, Eiiakim H.
mS li o880 William Moore, Daniel ,T.
Si, P,; Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
With, Packard, Packer, Fame, Palmer, Peters,
LhiSnV «T<Piy,iPJuSseir' Sanford,Sargent, Sawyer,
w &han|s, Lionel A, Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
cuoir?1 °8). 1 S5?lth', Starkweather, Stevens,
& 4?®n8?n' St®5"*. Stought.on, Strickland, Strong
lafie, Tanner, fownsend, TwiehelJ, Tyner, Upson,
WW?™wv^dwalade,r,r.p-. Washburn, Welke?
T W® m>"e™ore> Wilkinson, Williams, John
I. Wilson, and Winans—117.
jnot VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
Cohh'rwiS T!roo-ks'T^Caie- C1£vcland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Lowles, Davis, Dockery, Dyer, Fox, Gilflllan
Golladay, Haight, Hays, Hellin, lloag, Hopkins'
|, lan' Laliin, Lynch, Morrissey, Poland,'
Reading, Reeves, Boots, Schumacker, Sherrod Slo-
\vmu Yw-nam Smyth, Stiles, Tillman, Van Auken
Ward, Wllliam B. Washburn,Willard, and Wood—40.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mi-, COX said: I have been requested by
my colleague [Mr. Wood] to state that he is
ne 'rom bis seat by sickness.
The question recurred upon the amendment
ot Mr. Beck, as follows:
in^rUhVMllfng:011 aftertte WOrd " State"
thanh^YttaLS™af DotJ?e ^ th™ thirty nor moro
issued?'and'ho v? day s,aid Proolamation is
lUrnt in So w*1 proclamation order elec-
sixtvi f thlrty nor more than
nfthoiSoi^from the date of his proclamation, in each
whpi-rin ? au£ aenato"al districts in said State
63 havo,occurred in the election of
lie!> 0r senators by death, resignation,
th? roni.o« t Stat0' or from a y other cause of
nfniJSFJi tn . ®or senators elected therein as
aioiiesaid to said General Assembly.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time.
bill UeS''°n WaS uPon P^sage of the
