1870.
mw mmmmotfAi, globe.
1005
interest. I do hope that ttof Government is
not prepared, ana will not undertake to levy
a tax upon the distilleries of the country of
twenty-four per cent, per annum, and thus to
discriminate to that extent in favor of foreign
importers and foreign manufacturers as against
our own manufacturers. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact that foreign
liquors are imported into the country and
sllowed to be held in bond for three years
without any tax. But on liquors of homo man-
ufacture, this proposes to levy a tax of one
cent per gallon per month for two years.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Spirits
remaining in warehouse beyond one year, if
only for even a single day, are subject to an
additional tax of ten per cent.
Mr. PROSSER. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, why it is
that there should only be an impost of ten per
cent, on foreign liquors as against twenty-four
per cent, on liqnors of home manufacture? I
hope the House will not discriminate in that
way against our own home manufactures.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
this difference. In this case it is only a cent
a gallon for each month if the liquor remainB
twelve months, which is twenty-four per cent,
per annum. In the case of foreign import-
ations there is an impost of ten per cent, if it
remains even a single day beyond the year.
Mr. PROSSER. But on liquors of home
manufacture the gentleman's substitute puts
an impost of twenty-four per cent, per annum
if they remain for twelve months. New, if
this measure is proposed as a measure of
relief for the distillers of the country, I say it
will afford no relief to the distillers I repre-
sent, because they have not the capital which
would enable them to pay this heavy tax in
addition to their other expenses, and to main-
tain a competition with large manufacturers
and foreign importers. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] in the nature of
a substitute, as follows:
Strike oat the following words: "Butinalloftgos
there shall be included in the tax to be paid on dis-
tilled spirits, in addition to the tax now assessed by
law, a further amount of one cent on each proof
gallon of such spirits so deposited for each month
after oneyear from thetimeof deposit and until the
spirits are withdrawn, and 'any fraction of a month
from the time of removal shall be counted as a whole
month."
Mr. BECK. I wish to say a word or two
before the House decides on the amendment.
The object of granting this extension is to give
those who make the class of liquors that are
not fit for market in less than from two to three
years an opportunity of holding them until they
are fit to go to market and be sold. The dis-
tillers have now to give bonds to the Govern-
ment, every ten days for double the amount of
tax on the spirits distilled. And though it
might be destroyed, no matter whether by fire
or leakage or any other cause, they have to pay
the full amount of the tax. And they are will-
ing to do so. All that they desire is that they
should be allowed to hold the liquor in bond in
possession'of the Government under the bonds
they have given until such time as it is fit to
put on the market. They only object to-giving
the Government its money before they get
theirs. They are asking no evasion of thelaw.
They ask nothingthat can by any possibility be
a detriment to the Government. But they are
asking, as they have large stocks on hand,
which will have to be sold at a sacrifice unless
there is an extension given them, that they
may be allowed, on giving bonds that will be
entirely satisfactory, to let the"liquor remain in
their warehouses for the time, and on the con-
ditions set forth in this resolution.
I think the House will see the propriety of
the extension asked for; and if it is proper,
then I think it is not proper that the Govern-
ment should charge them interest. They do
not, as I understood the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to intimate, propose
that the Government shall be at any expense
for A© keeping of this whisky. The Govern-
ment runs no risk frotn loss, deterioration, or
theft, because it holds their bonds. If the man-
ufacturers keep it over the time allowed by
the existing law they have to pay for the store-
keeper, for the warehouse, for the gaugers,
the stamps, and even for the brushes to put
the stamps on. They are not asking the Gov-
ernment to be at any expense whatever.
'Now, sir, it is very important for these men
that they should be allowed to have this whisky
held in bond, because the moment it is taken
out and thrown on the market its value is dis-
paraged ; people doubt it because there are so
many ways of doctoring it, but when it comes
directly out of the distillery warehouse into
the market for consumption it is known to be
genuine, and the value is greatly enhanced.
I'o be compelled to pay twenty-four per cent,
per annum would ruin the credit of any man,
and it seems to me that the House will not
sanction the proposition that the Government
should seek to break down a legitimate trade.
My district produced in January of last year
891,948 gallons, and thiB year we only pro-
duced 212,000 gallons—a felling off of 180,000
gallons in Otae month.
To show the importance of this matter to
the people I represent I may state that for the
first six months of the last year we paid to the
Government of the United States as-tax.on
whisky alone $854,547. The Government,
therefore, will be a loSer by suspending the
operations of these men and forcing them to
Bell at a disadvantage, besides breaking up-the
business of men whom the Committee of Ways
and Means and the internal revenue depart-
ment will say have in every respect complied
With the law.
I now yield for five or ten minutes to the
gentleman frott Massachusetts, [Mr. BtrfLES.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I come
directly from a district that has no distillery in
it except distilleries of New England rum,
Which never had anything at all to do with this
question, I propose, withth'e'leave of the House,
to give thte reas&ns why I shall vote for this
measure, and I have felt myself called upon to
do so because when the general bill in relation
to distilled spirits was before the House last
year I voted and urged as strongly as I might
that there should be no delay in taking spirits
out of bond, because that delay had been a
fruitful source of fraud. The difference is
exactly thiB: this is a joint resolution to allow
what are known as fine whiskies, whiskies that
are used fotdriflkingpurpo&es, such as Bourbon
and Monongahela whiskjr, to remain in bond
without pay ment of tax until they ripen. The
leakage while they Bo remain is a large per cent.
Now, if the distiller pays the tax On them now,
and lets them remain, the percentage of leakage
and the percentage on his money is greater than
the percentage of the ripening. It becomes im-
portant, therefore, for the manufacturers allow
the liquor to remain and ripen and get fit for
purposes of drinking before he pays the tax
upon it. He cannot otherwise compete with
the foreign brandies, Which are allowed to lie
at home in the warehouses there as long as the
manufacturers chooge and theii when they come
here are allowed to lie one year without paying
the tax or paying any interest.
I Want the House to understand this matter
as I understand it, and if I am wrong I desire
to becorrected. This joint resolution applies
to that class of distillation known as fine
whiskies. It does toot apply practically to the
high-wines and common whiskies, because
all that are used in the arts and all the com-
mon whiskies d6 not grow any better by age,
and themanafacturerisanxious to get them off
as soon as possible ; so that it only applies to the
fine whiskies. I understand, further, that the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beok,] and
my colleague, [Mr. Hooper,] who is upon the
Committee of Ways and Means, both agree
that the liquors ought to have time to ripen ;
it is for the advantage of a branch of domestic
manufacture; but the difference between them
is this: my colleague thinks that while they
are ripening they ought to pay one cent per
month on the gallon, or about twenty-five
per cent, a year for the privilege of having
them ripen. They cannot ripen now because
of the leakage, and the manufacturers cannot
afford to hire money to let them lie, theinoney-
brokers asking one and one and a half per
cent, per month.
Now, this measure is brought in for the relief
of this class of manufacturers. What relief is
it going to be to take them out of the hands of
the money-brokers atone half or one percent,
a month and put them into the hands of the
Government at two per cent, a month ? The
only difference will be that in the one case they
would have to borrow the money in advance,
while in the other case they lose it in the end.
Now, if it is right to do this at all, and every-
body seems to agree to that, I think it should
be done without additional tax. We rightly
place a great amount of tax on whisky, and
I am glad it is so placed, and I would rather
vote to increase than to diminish it. But this
is a mere tax, adding this interest which tends
to stop the production of this article ; in my
judgment, to kill the goose that lays the golden
egg. I think the Government would not get
as much by putting on this tax as it would by
keeping it off and allowing this relief to these
manufacturers.
I want gentlemen again to understand, so that
I may not be supposed to be speaking from mo-
tives of interest, that this proposed tax would
not affect in any way that distillation from cane
sugar and molasses knownas NewEngland rum,
which we largely export to Africa and other
places abroad. It cannot affect that at all:
nor can it affect the ordinary high-wines and
common whisky. It can only affect the large
class of whiskies known as fine whiskies, and
which are all the better, as well to the taste as
for health, if they are allowed time to ripen.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire whether any
pro vision is made in case of the destruction by
fire of the liquor or whisky in bond ? It being
insured for the benefit of the owner, it may be
destroyed by fire. Now, will the Government
lose the tax, while the owner receives the
insurance ? If there be no such provision, I
desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] to answer that question.
Mr. BECK. The law now provides that the
amount of proof gallons put in bond shall be
paid for, no matter whether it is destroyed by
fire, or is lessened by leakage or anything else.
The Government by no possibility can lose, no
matter what becomes of the whisky.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman is sure of
that I will not offer any amendment.
Mr. BECK.> That is the law no w; And I Will
add that, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Buti/er] says, high-wines do not remain
a day in bond, but are sold aB soon as manu-
factured for rectification, &c.
Itr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to allow me to say a few
words.
Mr. BECK. Very well.
Mr. COVODE. Inasmuch as I represent a
district that produces more of this fine whisky
than any other three districts in the United
States, I think it is proper for me to say a few
words on the subject. In my district there arte
eighteen distilleries running on fine whiskies;
and one of the manufacturers there, Mr.
Moore, has within the last year paid the Gov-
ernment the sum of $722,000. This class of
whisky is not fit to be put on the market for
two and a half orthree years afterit is distilled.
And yet it is almost impossible for these men
to go on and manufacture that whisky, hold
