1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Tax and Tariff—Mr. Crebs.
Ho. of Reps.
double taxation of capital loaned to the Gov-
ernment otherwise free. The capital repre-
sented by the bonds is first taxed as shares of
bank stock, and the circulation issued thereon
is also liable to be taxed as money in the hands
of the holders, the same as though it were
coin.
If a legal-tender circnlation could without
question be issued, and it were cheaper than to
issue bank currency, and the local advantages
afforded by bankingassociationscould not com-
pensate for the cost, our duty would be plain to
inaugurate measures to substitute direct Gov-
ernment issues. That it would be more eco-
nomical, so long as the Government maintains
faith with its creditors, I am unable to per-
ceive ; that it would afford no appreciable re-
lief to portions of the country without sufficient
currency has been demonstrated ; that local
accommodations for the loan and deposit of
money are furnished by national banks, more
secure and reliable than the unregulated man-
agement of private persons, must be admit-
ted.
Shall we, then, abandon a system confessedly
an improvement on any heretofore existing,
disarrange business, disturb values, abolish the
banks, call in their $516,000,000 of loans, retire
their circulation, and depend upon private
bankers and brokers to furnish the tempora-
ry accommodations to merchants, manufac-
turers, and the business public now supplied
by $432,000,000 of banking capital?^ Will it
pay to make these dangerous and, if unsuc-
cessful, costly experiments to test the ex-
ploded theories of visionary financiers who
will not heed the dear-bought experience of
other nations, or gather wisdom from the
errors ofour fathers? We are returning safely,
slowly, surely, to the goal of a sound redeem-
able currency, from which eight years ago we,
perhaps necessarily, departed. _ The country
rejoices to see the national credit restored and
a stable standard of values regained. Unaided
by congressional legislation, and controlled by
the higher laws of trade and commerce during
the present session, the difference between the
paper and specie standard has diminished one
half. Without shock to business or financial
revulsion gold has fallen from_ 180 to 10 per
cent, premium, and almost gained the point
of departure. U nless it is a calamity to be
feared Congress ought not to intervene to avert
its approach. If we do not accelerate let us
not retard this consummation devoutly to be
wished. Let us only delay it that it may be
final and permanent.
Ta x and Tariff.
REMARKS OF HON. J. M. CREBS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1870,
On the bill (II. B. No. 2045) to rcduoo internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, I move toamend
by inserting at the end of the first section the
following:
Thatfiom and after the passage of this act, salt
shall lie admitted lree of duty.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say but a few words
on the amendment I offer.
Under the present tariff sal tin bulk costs in
the wav of taxes to the consumer in this eoun-
tiy, in addition to its real value, eighteen cents
per hundred pounds; or, as we would say out
Vw-si, lime cents per bushel, and on salt put
I,p in packages of any kind twenty-four cents
p.;r hundred pounds, or twelve cents per
bu-hel, thereby adding to the value of the
;c noli? to the consumer upon its real value
hum one 'hundred to one hundred and seventy
pel cent., and by the bill under consideration
no change is proposed in the tax upon this
article, but the present impost is to remain.
I regard this tax on one of the great neces-
saries of life as a disgrace to our country and
to the civilization of the age. Invade if you
will the palaces of the rich, or cross the thresh-
old of the humble cabin or hamlet of the poor,
and everywhere alike you will find salt a neces-
sity in the economy of humau life. And being
such, it should be as free from impost duty as
the air we breathe or the water with which we
quench our thirst. But under our present
tariff system not only is this immense tax
placed upon this great necessary of life, but it
is levied in the interest of the salt manufac-
turer generally, and not in the interest of the
Government, for while the tax imposed by the
tariff is and must be paid by the people, and
amounts, as I find from the best data I can
obtain, from nine to eleven million dollars, the
real amount of that sum that goes into the
Treasury of the United States is only about
one million dollars; in other words, of every
ten dollars paid by the people in the way of
tax or tariff, if you will, one dollar only goes
into the Treasury for the support of the Gov-
ernment and the balance, nine dollars, into
the pockets, of the salt manufacturers of the
North and Bast, oris entirely lost to the country.
The farmer in the West when he buys a bar-
rel of salt of five bushels now pays in the way
of tax on the same, under our present tariff
laws, from $1 50 to $1 60, of which one tenth,
or say fifteen or sixteen cents, goes into the
Treasury and the balanoe to make up the
profits to the manufacturer; or, for the pur-
pose of illustration, let us go further. Suppose
a man owns property in the State of Illinois
valued at $100, his taxes of all kinds under
State laws upon that amount of property we
will say, on an average, will amount to the
sum of two dollars per annum. Now, this tax
is direct, and the farmer feels and knows just
what he pays; but under this tariff system he
is kept wholly in the dark; for instance, he
pays the two dollars on his property to the State.
Now, if his necessities require him in theeourse
of the year to buy two barrels of salt under our
present tariff his tax upon that article alone
would amount to the sum of at least S3 20;
and while the two dollars he pays to the State
goes to support the State ana county govern-
ment and to educate his children, of the other,
thirty-five cents only goes to support the Fed-
eral Government, andthe balance into the pock-
ets of the manufacturer.
Again, if this tax was general it would not
be so burdensome to the people. But let us
examine the question a little more closely and
see how it operates to the prejudice of the
West and South. When the pork-packer in
the West makes his arrangements to buy pork
from the fanner, he of course first counts the
cost of packing, including in that cost, among
other things, the price of salt, and as high as
the tariff is upon salt so much lower must he
fix the price he pays the farmer for his pork,
and the whole of the tax thereby comes, not
out of the pork-buyer, but out of the seller;
and I claim there is a great discrimination in
favor of New England as against the western
States by the present system. For instance,
we of the West in large measure are a pork-
produeiug people, while New England does
not produce meats of any kind, but is largely
engaged in the fishing mteiests, particularly m
the fisheries of cod and mackerel; and to carry
this on successfully a large amount of salt is
necessary, while in the Westa like large amount
is wanted for curing our pork and beef.
Now, under the present tariff 1st us see how
the case stands between the two sections.
Two men, one a western packer, the other a
New England fisherman, go together to the
city of Boston or elsewheie on the Atlantic
coast to buy, wo will say, the aiticle of Tuik's,
Island ot Liverpool salt, which, when in pack-
ages of any kind, as I have before said, is taxed
twelve cents per bushel of fifty pounds, or when
in bulk nine cents per bushel; and by the dis-
crimination of the present tariff -in favor of
New England a drawback or rebate is allowed
the fisherman on the nine or twelve cents per
bushel on the salt he needs to carry on his
business, while the pork-packer must pay bis
tax on the same amount of salt in full. Or,
to illustrate more fully, we will refer to an
actual occurrence. During the month of Au-
gust, 1869, 2,408,350 pounds of salt were with-
drawn from bond for the fisheries of the dis-
trict of Gloucester, Massachusetts, the real
value (without tax) of which amounted to
$2,724 while in bulk, or about six cents per
bushel. The duty on the same was one hun-
dred and fifty-nineand fourteen hundredths per
cent. ; or, on the whole amount, $4,335 02.
Now, suppose for his business, each, the pork-
packer and fisherman, wanted the amount of
2,408,350 pounds of salt. As above stated, the
real value being (less tax) $2,724, and the
amount of tax to each is $4,385 52; but instead
of collecting this tax from each the Govern-
ment refunds the tax to the fisherman, but
retaius it from the pork-packer, which really
makes a discrimination in the transaction of
§4,336 02 against the western man.
Or, let us put the transaction more plainly
still. Each buys the 2.408,350 pounds of salt,
which in bulk and without the tax is worth
from six to ten cents per bushel, making the
sum for the value $2,724; adding the tax ot
one hundred and fifty-nine and fourteen hun-
dredths per cent, ought to make the cost to
each $7,059 02. Now the Government per-
mits the fisherman to take his salt at the actual
cost, $2,724, while it charges the western man
the full tax, making his cost him $7,059 02.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask, can this continue
on any known or reasonable principle of jus-
tice? 1 say that, m the first place, it is not
just, because it is a tax in the interest alone
of protection, and not for revenue to the Gov-
ernment; secondly, itdiscriminates in_ favor of a
particular section and interest, as against other
sections aud other interests oi the country.
Mr. Speaker, on the 2d of April last, while
the subject of coffee and the tariff to be levied
on the same was under discussion iu the Com-
mittee of the Whole, a substitute was offered
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Loogii-
iudge] to put it upon the free list, upon which
substitute I, with some eight others, 1 believe,
voted in the affirmative; and while in the same
sense that salt is a necessary of life, coffee is
not; yet in this country its use has become
so general as to almost give it a place among
the life necessaries; and for that reason I was
desirous that it with salt and some other arti-
cles might be placed upon the free list, so the
people might obtain their coffee at a little over
one half the present price, or what it will be
should this bill become a law.
If, Mr. Speaker, I looked l^ion it as a pos-
sibility, I would be in every senspa free-trader,
as I understand the meaning of that term. I
would want no custom-houses, or legal restric-
tions of any kind upon trade; but that our in-
tercourse with foreign countries should be as
free and unrestricted as our interstate com-
merce is to-day, that every individual should
have the right to go and buy wherever he could
buy the cheapest or sell wherever his products,
wares, or merchandise would sell for the high
est price. But it is a self-evident proposition
that a revenue must be raised to support the
Government, and this revenue can only be
raised by taxation iu some shape, and I am m
favor of placing it upon such articles as can
heai it best and with the least burden to the
consumer, and that will at the same time yield
| the l.ngest revenue to the Government. Now
! 1 find, by refeience to tables, that a tux of lour
