1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2549
Mr. DAWES. Let me have a few minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to put upon record
that the claim of a political riewspaper in this
city for advertising on its own account and
without authority of anybody a statement in
1861, which had been rejected time and again
by the Committee on Accounts of past Houses,
has been paid by the present Committee on
Accounts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I mustobject to the gen-
tleman's proceeding.
Mr. DAWES. Paid by the committee of this
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. DAWES. I have leave of the gentle-
man fiom Ohio.
Mr. MAYNAED. The Committee on Ac-
counts was not permitted to give the reasons
for its action. My colleague was cut short.
He was only allowed to say the account was
passed for reasons satisfactory to the Commit-
tee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor.
Mr. AENELL. I can explain the matter if
I am allowed.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKEIt. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations of the House that this liabil-
ity primarily accrued during the existence
of the Fortieth Congress, on account of this
member having executed an order of this
House. His objection fails, and he himself
seems to acknowledge it. It remains for the
House to determine whether it will maintain
its own authority, and protect its own mem-
bers in executing its own orders, or whether it
will allow courts to intervene and pursue mem-
bers on their way to and from the capital
for doing nothing more or less than the order
of the House, an order solemnly approved by
the House and placed on its record. As I
havo said before, if that is to be the rule in
this country it will become too expensive a
business to execute the orders of the House
affecting the privileges of third persons. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURR demanded the yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty;
not a sufficient number.
The SPEAKER. Tellers are refused; the
yeas and nays are refused; the ayes have it,
and the resolution is agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arxell] was interrupted in his
remarks a few moments ago. I ask that he
have unanimous consent to complete what he
desired to say.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
ask unanimous consent for that purpose so as
«o interrupt the call of committees; but he
may do so at the close of the morning hour.
CHARLES COOPER AND OTIIEES.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1S95)
ior the relief of Charles Cooper, Goshorn A.
Jones, Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan,
and J ohn Hannegan.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It declares that Charles
Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome Bowley,
William'Hannegan, and John Hannegan be,
and they are hereby, released and discharged
from all liabilityto the United States under
and by reason of their bond executed thereto
to secure the faithful performance by the said
William Hannegan and John Hannegan of their
contract -with the Government of the United
States for the improvement of Des Moines
rapids of the Mississippi river, in the State of
Iowa, and that the action at law now pending
in the United States district court for the north-
ern district of Ohio to enforce said bond be
discontinued by the proper officer of the Gov-
ernment, at the costs of the defendants; pro-
vided, however, that this section shall not be
construed to give to said parties, or any of
them, any claim or demand against the Gov-
ernment under said contract or bond, or to
affect in any way any claim or demand which
they, or any of them, may havo or make against
the Government, under said contract or bond,
for the recovery from the Government of any
part of the fifteen per cent, reserved by the
Government under the provisions of said con-
tract. The second section declares that it shall
belawful for said John Hannegan and William
Hannegan to institute and prosecute an action
in the Court of Claims against the United States
for the recovery of any part of the reserved per
cent, mentioned in the preceding section to
which they may believe themselves entitled in
law or equity.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
Mr. KERR. The report is lengthy, and if
the gentleman will dispense with the reading
of the report I shall explain the facts of the
case to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the request for
the reading of the report.
Mr. KERR. This is a claim on the part of
the persons named in this bill for relief from
liability under a bond given by them to secure
the performance of a contract executed by
William Hannegan and John Hannegan with
the Government of the United States for the
improvement of Des Moines rapids of the
Mississippi river. The contract price was
$710,000. They proceeded with the work ac-
cording to the terms of the contract for some
time, until they had expended some $150,000.
After they had expended $150,000, in the
midst of many embarrassments that were not
anticipated by them, and that were not an-
ticipated or foreseen by the United States en-
gineer under whose supervision the work was
done, and which were quite extraordinary,
arising from the unusual depth of the water in
the river and the unusual severity of the sea-
sons, they were compelled by reason of these
embarrassments to suspend their work. Then,
under the law under which the contract was
made, these men were relieved from the con-
tract. The work was taken charge of by the
engineer, General John H. Wilson, and he
proceeded, under the law, to advertise for the
reletting of the work. Another contract was
made and the work was relet, and is now being
executed by the other contractors.
At the time the contract was made with these
parties for $710,000 General Wilson, a most
competent engineer, estimated the value of the
work to be $1,300,000 or from four to five
hundred thousand dollars more than these men
had agreed to do the work for. In order to be
able to determine the equities of this case the
committee sent for General Wilson, through the
Ordnance Bureau, and examined him under
oath. His testimony was very full, very clear,
and very specific on all these points. In order
to show how the condition of things provided
for by the bill arose I will read a little from the
testimony given by General Wilson; and be-
fore I do so I desire to say that, the committee
were entirely governed in their conclusions by
that testimony, which was given by General
Wilson as engineer of the Government and in
the interests of the Government, and not by
the statements or testimony of the memorial-
ists, or any other testimony which1- they pro-
duced before us, except in so far as the-testi-
mony of General Wilson and their statements
concur.
In reference to the cix'cumstanees under
which the contract was made General Wilson
testifies as follows:
" Question. With the knowledge you now have, do
you consider that they (the contractors) hod a suffi-
cient and remunerative price under their contract
for doing that work?
" Anmoer. I know they had not; I can state to tho
committee plainly that i t is going to cost the Govorn-
ment just about tho original estimate to do this
work—four or fire hundred thousand, dollars more
than they contracted to do it for.
" Question. Isthecosttowhichthefiovernmontwill
bo subjected but the reasonable cost of the work V
" Answer. Yes, sir."
Then he goes on at some length to explain
why it was that it would cost so much more
than these contractors supposed it would oost,
and or.eof the grounds of their disappointment,
as I have already said, arose from the un-
expected and unanticipated condition of the
waters of the Mississippi river during that time.
General Wilson then testifies as follows:
"Question. What was the actual depth of tho water
there—the low-water depth?
"Answer. Along tho line of the embankment it
would not average three and a half feet, and I think
not so much as that; between two and three and a
half i'ect, 1 should say; the precise average it would
be impossible lor me to mention. In places it is eight
or ten feet deep; in other places only a few inches;
this is, I mean, in low water. One thing it might bo
well to state, somewhat in justification of their com-
plaints, to some extent; that is, wo have not had low
water any season since tlioy went there. We havo
thought that wo could confidently rely upon having
dead low water two seasons out of three; but such
has not been the case for the last three years."
I will not read any more of the testimony of
General Wilson, but I will simply state that in
substance it amounts to this: that the Govern-
ment of the United States, being guided by the
original estimate of its own engineer, will in
the outcome be subjected to the expense of
just about the estimated cost of this public
work, and that estimate was further justified
by the subsequent reletting of the work by
General Wilson after he had discharged these
first contractors.
Now, the prayer of these men is only that
after the work has been taken^out of their
hands they may be relieved fronf their bond;
and it only involves relief to the amount of
some ten thousand dollars claimed from them
by the Government. It is a very small mat-
ter, and in view of their losses in excess of the
money received by them, it was deemed by the
committee a matter of clear, absolute, unques-
tionable equity on the part of the Government,
and as clear a ease as could well come before
Congress.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand that these
contractors have expended $150,000. How
much have they been paid by the Government?
Mr. KERR. They were paid some fourteen
thousand dollars less than that amount. Under
the contract the Government was authorized to
reserve fifteen per cent, as an additional secur-
ity for the faithful performance of the contract.
Mr. CONGER. Whether General Wilson
was the engineer who made the original esti-
mate ou which the contract was made or was
not I am not able to say.
Mr. KERE. I can say to the gentleman that
he was. His testimony shows that he had entire
control of it.
Mr. CONGER. Then I wish to call the
attention of the House to the situation of that
woik. Up to 1856 the Government had ex-
pended upon the work at the Des Moines rapids
$200,000, enough for a survey and to enable
the engineer to make an estimate on which the
contractor could make a contract satisfactory
to himself and the Government. Since that
time,and within the last four or five years, there
has been expended on the Des Moines rapids
SI.578,200, the largest amount expended upon
any work of this character in the United States
from the beginning of the Government to the
present time; and now we are asked to poy
