1,870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4437
cliusetts propose to take a vote on his joint
resolution to-night?
, The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
(bat the gentleman from Massachusetts will
ask the previous question, which will entitle
him to an hour to-morrow morning on this
question.
. Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There will
be no vote, then, taken to-night? I shall insist
on the yeas and nays unless I get a satisfactory
answer to that question. I have no objection
to an evening session for debate, but I object
to a vote being taken at the evening session.
Mr. BANKS, f will state what I propose.
Before this day's session closes I will ask the
previous question. A further, vote 1 do not
care to press ; but it is necessary the previous
question should be ordered during the session
of to-day, and I shall ask that favor of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I call
the yeas and nays on the motion for ail even-
ing session.
Mr. BANKS. I make the point of order
that the call comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withheld
the call for the yeas and nays only until I could
hear from the gentleman.
The SPExiKER. The gentleman had no
right to make negotiations or conditions as to
the call of the yeas and nays. The gentleman
frtmi Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] now has the
floor.
Mr. BANKS and Mr. ORTII addressed the
House. [Their speeches will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I will
occupy the time of the House for a very few
minutes. Indeed, I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the House longer than to say
that I have no sympathy with the report of the
majority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and that I shall support the views of the
minority of the committee, represented by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Oeth.]
In common with my fellow-members, Iliave
listened to the eloquent gentlemau from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] with a great deal of
admiration—I should say profound admiration.
I closed my eyes while his sonorous eloquence
was filling this Hall. I heard the murmur of
applause in the galleries and the halt sup-
pressed applause upon the floor of this House,
and I, in common with other members upon
this floor, was carried away, and even began
to doubt whether my views were sound on
this question. But, after it was all overhand
the calm, patriotic, and wise argument of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] was de-
livered to the House, reason had a chance to
resume its sway and passion to cool. I then,
too, grew calm, and again looked with calm-
ness and reason upon this whole matter. I
find now that I have gravitated right back to
where I was before the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts enchained the attention of the House.
Really, Mr. Speaker, but little seems to be
known with reference to the exact condition
of affairs in Cuba. We have assertion and not
much else on one side, and we have assertion
and dispatches on the other. We have the
assertion ofthe gentleman from Massachusetts,
not backed—and I say it with no desire to be
impolite at all—with sufficient evidence. We
have assertion which claims Ufbe founded^on
sufficient evidence by the President of the Uni-
ted States on the other hand. From the best
I can learn it seems to me thai this is about
the state of facts: an irregular guerrilla war-
fare lias been kept up in Cuba for the last y ear
and a half. There has been during that time
no existing revolutionary government that any-
body can find. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says upon this subject that it is not
necessary that the Cubans should have a seat
of government. That is not a sutfident an-
swer. I ask the gentleman whether it is not
necessary that a Government should have a
home or habitation ? A government which has
no place, no home, no habitation which any-
body can find, is no government at all. It
seems to me to be conceded by the gentleman
from Massachusetts that this government has
no home, no seat of government, no local hab-
itation ; hut, like the negro in camp-meeting,
who whenever it gets too hot iu town goes out
into the woods. The seat of government, if it
can be considered to have any at all, is out in
the lulls, or down in the plains, whenever and
wherever any band of guerrillas may gather
together, it has no other.
The gentlemau talks about over two hundred
battles. Two hundred battles, Mr. Speaker,
and nobody whipped 1 Where is the history
of those two hundred battles, and who wrote
it? Is it written by General Jordan, the recent
commander-in-chief of the insurgents, and who,
for aught I know, is the present commander-
in-chief, who not long ago was about these
lobbies button-holing members of Congress?
Is he the historian of those two hundred bat-
tles, this General Jordan who was so faithless
to his own oath and his own duty as to resign
his commission in our Army when danger
threatened the integrity and existence of the
Republic and joined the desperate fortunes of
the rebels, who was chief of staff to Beaure-
gard all through the war, and did, perhaps,
as much as any man to aid the rebellion, and
who on that eauseVailing joined himself to the
much more desperate one of the filibusters and
guerrillas of Cuba? Is he the historian ?
It does seem to me if we should withdraw
from the Cubans the aid which has been given
to them by the filibustering expeditions from
the United States that we should withdraw
pretty nearly the whole power of the revolu-
tion." That is the real question before us.
I think I sue the end of this matter if we
are to lie governed by the counsels of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I
know that he is wise, butl think he is some-
times mistaken. I could almost hear the eclio
of his tones advocating the acquisition of
Alaska while he was advocating the cause of
Cuba just now. lie carried the House with
him then, much to the repentance of the
House since that time. Now, as regards Cuba,
suppose we are governed bv the counsels of
that gentleman in the case ofthe filibusters of
our country, and suppose ^ve recognize the
belligerent rights of this nomadic, roaming,
guerrilla government which nobody can find,
and suppose that gives a right to a search of
our vessels, collision will follow, of course,
and trouble and war with Spain. And let me
say, by the way, iu passing, that we are in no
condition to conduct a war with Spain at this
moment. She would sweep our commerce in
thirty days from the time war should be de-
clared. And what else would follow? The
augmentation of our national debt to perhaps
doable its present dimensions. And then
what? In the end Spain is whipped, Cuba is
conquered, and her independence is achieved.
And what then? She pays us, perhaps, by
drifting into our arms. And then we have
incorporated with us into our Government
those who are butchering prisoners, those who
are carrying on the atrocious kind ot warfare
which has been pictured to us to-day ; we have
incorporated with us a kind of humanity, semi-
civilized, semi-barbarous, men who cannot
speak our language, who are unused to our
laws and our institutions, to vote with us, to
help to legislate for us.
In Heaven's name, Mr. Speaker, I ask, has
not representative government in the United
States been sufficiently diluted ? Is it not cheap
enough now? Have we not spread the wings
of the American eagle wide enough and broad
enough, so that we may now give the P°or
weaned bird a chance to take breath ! I do
not very much dread the destruction of this
Government. But let me say, Mr. Speaker,
that if destruction should ever come upon us
it will come from over-expansion. I know that
the large, strong, well-proportioned ship is a
steadier craft and more beautiful than the little
vessel. _ Bat there is a limit as regards the
dimensions of a ship beyond which you should
not go. If you build your ship too large she
breaks upon the first wave that lifts her. And
so it may be with Governments. ' So it may be
with the expansion of this country. And its
expansion is the end which these gentlemen
have in view in this matter.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that we arc in no condition
to augment our debt. We are in no condition
to engage in foreign war. We are in no con-
dition to incorporate into the body-politic in
this country peoples such as those who inhabit
either Cuba, San Domingo, or Alaska. If the
eagle is to take a flight at all, let her fly in
another direction. Let us incorporate into our
Government rather a people who speak our
language and whoso laws have a common origin
with our own.
leave 01? absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, obtained leave
of absence for to day and to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina obtained
leave of absence for three weeks on and after
the 11th instant.
Mr. TYNlill obtained leave of absence for
to-morrow and Thursday.
Mr. MYERS obtained leave of absence till
Monday next.
Mr. DAVIS obtained leave of absence for
one week. •
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPEltS.
Mr. CLARKE, ofKansas, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House papers relating to the officers of
the fourth and fifth Indian regiments.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
obtained*" leave to have printed in tlio Globe
some remarks which he had prepared on the
currency bill. [See Appendix.]
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (11. R. No. 2005) exempting from
taxes certain property in the District of Co-
lumbia, and to amend the act to provide for
the ci cation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law ;
An act (If. It. No. 12-58) to regulate tlie
salaries of chief justices and associate justices
in the Territories;
An act (II. R. No. 785) to provide for fur-
nishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers ;
An act (H. R. No. 88) to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia, andfor other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 124^ for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the band
of the twelfth Kentucky infantry.
MESSAGE BltOJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments disagreed to
by the House to the bill (II. R. No. 074)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to other amendments of the Senate ;
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House ou the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses ; and had appointed Mr. Morrill of
Maine, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
Bayard as conferees on thepartot the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (II. B. No. 562) to amend an act,
