2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
the contractors who made their contract on the
estimate of the engineer for the forfeiture of
their contract. Now, sir, after an expenditure
lias been made of $1,578,200, this same engi-
neer asks this House to appropriate $1,210,000
to complete that work.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does this bill propose to
pay back anything?
Mr. CONGER. It proposes to allow the con-
tractors to go before the Court of Claims and
get back, under the sanction of that authority,
whatever they can.
Mr. KERli. I want to correct the state-
ment of the gentleman ; he is in great error.
In the first place, I want to say to the House
that the expenditure on this work before 18G7
lias no connection with this contract. This
contract was made under the law; and what
has hitherto been expended has no connec-
tion at all with this matter, and ought not to
be brought in hero to prejudice this matter in
any way.
Mr. CONGER. Enough had been expended
before 1867 to show what was the nature of
this work.
Mr. KERR. I must now resume the floor.
Mr. CONGER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to stop the few remarks I wish to make
on this subject? If a satisfactory explanation
is made to me I will support the bill; if not,
then I cannot support it.
Mr. KERR. I say, again, these original esti-
mates have nothing to do with this contro-
versy, for it stands upon its own merits. The
old estimate ought not to be brought in here.
The conduct of General Wilson, aa the tes-
timony shows, has been in entire good faith
from beginning to end; and his own original
estimate is not exceeded, except in so far as
the present estimate includes other matters
than were included in the original estimate.
Mr. BINGIiAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes?
Mr. KERR. Certainly; I will yield to my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that it is a fact in this case not to be
disputed, because it is in writing, that these
contractors were misled by the written repre-
.-untation of the engineer of the United States.
They were misled by this statement, that the
average volume of water was from seven to
twenty inches, if I remember aright.
Mr. KERR. From eight to twenty inches.
Mr. BINGHAM. From eight to twenty
inches, my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Kebii] says. Now, in point of fact, upon the
testimony of the engineer himself, it turns out
that in many places the depth of water is some
eight or ten feet, which made a very material
difference in thecost of constructing such a work
in the channel of the river. The result of the
whole matter was that these contractors had
undertaken the work so much below the actual
cost of its construction that they were unable to
complete it, and threw itup. The Government
of the United States has since relet this work—■
aud my colleague on the committee [Mr. Kerr]
will inform the House more exactly about it,
if it needs information ; the Government has
relet the work; and notwithstanding all the
work done by the original contractors the esti-
mate was about equal to the original eontraet.
Mr. BEAMAN. Something more.
Mr. BINGHAM. Something more, another
colleague [Mr. Beaman} on the committee
says. As between man and man, this party
would have a remedy at law, and could recover
the money that has been reserved under the
contract, as every lawyer here knows. But it
so happens—and it is a ruled question in this
country, and I think ruled very properly—that
however fraudulent or however mistaken, if you
please—for I do not wish to cast any reproach
upon the engineers—the representations may
be, either from want of information on the one
hand or carelessness on the other hand, the
party has no remedy in your courts of justice.
That being so, the committee thought it was
but proper to allow this party to have his ac-
tion iu the Court of Claims, to do what? To
recover upon equitable principles—if he satisfy
the court upon all the facts upon proof under
the rules of the court that he was entitled to
it—the fifteen per cent, that was retained upon
the estimated work that he actually did.
Now, it seems to me that there can be no
objection to this. The committee adopted this
method, because they thought it the safer and
better way to ascertain the facts. They did not
wish to put the House to the expense and delay
of calling witnesses from the distant State of
Iowa, when -under the rules of the court the
testimony can be taken by a commission under
the sanction of law, and the party called to
testify can be held to answer under the exist-
ing legislation of the country. The other pro-
vision of the bill provides for releasing the
sureties of this man, who are utterly ruined by
this contract, from the sum of $10,000, for
which they have been sued on their bonds in
the courts of the United States. That is all
there is in the bill, and a more equitable claim
I think lias never yet been presented.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the second sec-
tion of the bill authorizes the parties to sue the
United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have stated before that
the second section authorizes them to bring
suit in the Court of Claims, that the court may
determine upon the proofs in the case whether
they are equitably entitled to recover the fifteen
per cent, which was retained by the Govern-
ment upon the work they actually did.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The first section discon-
tinues the suit of the United States against
these parties and releases their bail, while the
second section authorizes them to sue the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The second section author-
izes them to obtain relief to the extent of the
fifteen per cent., if the court, upon a hearing,
shall consider them entitled to it.
Mr. KERR. The whole amount embraced
in the second section cannot exceed $10,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is very true. I ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
fieldJ to observe that the second section con-
tains a limitation as to the amount for which
these parties may sue, to wit, the percent-
age retained by the Government on account of
work actually performed; and it is provided
that in 110 event shall the liability of the Gov-
ernment exceed $10,000. Under the contract
the decision of the Government was conclusive
upon the parties as to the estimate for the
work done.
Mr. IIAWLEY. I would like to ask the
chairman of the committee whether the object
of this bill is to enable these contractors to
recover the fifteen per cent, that was kept back
because of their stopping the work on the rapids
for the reason that they had been deceived by
the engineer ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is unquestionably
the equity of the claim.
Mr. HAWLEY. Did they have any further
excuse for stopping the work than the fact that
they were deceived by the engineer?
Mr. BINGHAM. They were unable to do
the work for the money ; and the Government
of the United States, by reletting it for a greater
sum after the work to the amount of $150,000
had been done, confessed that the work could
not be done for the price at which the former
contract had been made.
Mr. HAWLEY. Was the contract let en-
tirely upofr the representations of the engineer
as to the character of the work ?
Mr. BINGHAM. So far as I understand
the transaction these parties acted most impli-
citly upon the report of the engineer.
Mr. HAWLEY. And on discovering that
they were deceived they abandoned the work?
Mr. BINGHAM. They did their utmost to
complete the work, and actually performed work
to the amount of $150,000, when the obstacles
arising from the increase of the depth of the
water showed clearly that the work could never
be completed under the contract, although they
had exhausted all their resources in endeavor-
ing to fulfill it.
In further answer, I have no hesitation in
saying that no enlightened, intelligent lawyer
in America will deny that upon the facts ad-
mitted of record, in any like transaction between
private citizens, parties in this position would
recover every cent which this report recom-
mends shall be paid in this case. The only
question, therefore, presented to the Represent-
atives of the people is whether a great Govern-
ment when exercising simply its own discre-
tion in a matter of this kind will do toward
its own citizens that justice which it compels
all citizens of the Republic to do toward each'
other under like circumstances. If ever any
bill passed by the Congress of the United States
for the relief of private parties was just this
is such a bill.
I now yield the floor to my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Kerr] who has charge of
the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish to ask one further
question : whether the contract was relet upon
a new survey ?
Mr. KERR. No, sir.
Mr. HAWLEY. Then it was relet on the
same old survey ?
Mr. KBRR. Yes, sir; and relet at a price
which makes the Government substantially
whole from the beginning of the transaction,
so that it has the full benefit of all the money
expended by the first contractors and loses
nothing worth mentioning by reason of being
obliged to make a new contract. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield farther.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. KERR. I demand the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read thethirdtime, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mount vernon kemcs.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House joint resolution
No. 158, directing the Secretary of the Interior
to deliver the " Mount Vernon relics" to Mrs.
Mary Custis Lee, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to deliver, on her
request, to Mrs. Mary Custis Lee, of Virginia,
the articles now in the Department of the In-
terior in the custody of the Commissioner of
Patents known as the "Mount Vernon rel-
ies," which, under military authority, were
removed to and deposited for safe-keeping in
said Department in the year 1862.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman to inform
us what these relics are, and also whether the
lady referred to in this resolution is loyal to
the Government.
Mr. KERR. These relics are all described
in the printed report of the committee now
upon the desks of members. It also shows
all the facts in connection with this thing from
the beginning to the end. Let me advert to
them.
Mr. Speaker, in order to obtain the most
reliable information on the subject so referred
to the committee an inquiry was addressed to
the Adjutant General of the Army for all evi-
dence to be found in the records of the War
