5382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. CAS3BRLY. There was so much dis-
cussion on this subject of water companies in
the Committee on Public Lands that finally a
general bill was agreed upon, and I should
much prefer to have this laid over until I can
examine it. It seems now that this is a House
bill, and not either of the bills that came, one
from the committee and the other presented as
an amendment by the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. It is substantially the
Senate bill, with the proviso as to averaging
th'e land at $2 50 an acre, which was put on
in the House. That proviso as to selling to
actual settlers at $2 50 an acre, was not put on
originally by the Senate committee, but the
committee agreed to it, having learned that
the House committee had also agreed to the
same thing. The Senator from California has
been among the first always to urge that pro-
vision, that the lands be opened to settlers at
$2 50 an acre.
Mr. CASSERLY. There were some other
provisions which I regarded as necessary also,
and the chairman of the committee can in-
form me whether they are in this new bill.
One was that these water companies should
not be allowed to monopolize and absorb all
the bodies of water upon their line of route,
or, in other words, that there should always
be preserved a certain quantity of actual flow
of the streams.
Mr. POMERO"Y. So far as I remember,
all those provisions are in this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a provision in
the bill to that effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not impressed with
the proviso commencing at line forty-three, oil
page 5, as to the issuing of patents to the com-
pany under certain circumstances. The grand
object is, if possible, to prevent the company
from getting a patent to any lands ; in other
words, that all lands shall be patented to the
settlers and not to the company. I move to
strike that out, commencing at line forty-three,
after the words "and provided further," down
to line forty-six, on page 6. Perhaps the chair-
man of the committee, or the Senator from
Oregon, can explain it so as to remove my
objection. I ask what is meant by "lauds
exempted from the provisions of this sec-
tion?" What lands are they?
Mr. WILLIAMS.
" No ecrtilieate of lands to such company on any
completed section after 1 he first, shall be made by the
Secretary of the Interior until be shall have received
a report as aforesaid of the price fixed on the land,
certified for the next preceding completed section of
said canal."
It means lands that are reserved for reser-
voirs, waste gates, and other needful uses in
operating the canal, and excepting mineral
lands and timber lands not fit for cultivation,
and so on. Those lands are exempted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have 110 objection, of
course, to patents issuing for such property as
must belong to the company in permanence ;
but I do not know what is meant by " timber
lands not fn for cultivation." Are they con-
sidered as exempted under this section ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 understand they are.
Mr. POMEROY. Thev are exempted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
insist on his morion to strike out. the proviso ?
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to be well
enough in part,.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will state that this bill
is more specific than any other, in order to pro-
tect the rights of settlers and to seenre these
lands to settlers at a price not exceeding 011 an
average $2 50 per acre ; particular pains were
taken to provide for set.tiers in that, respect.
Mr. STEWART. If' this hill takes much
time I shall have to call for the resuiar older.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I guess it will not take
much longer, it. is a little bill for New Mexico.
I have no interest in it; I am simply trying to
pass it to accommodate the people of that Ter-
ritory, who take a great interest in the irrigation
of their lands.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill has been two
years before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California insist on his motion to strike
out?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
not do that, because it has been arranged, one
part or another.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not insist on the
amendment; but I shall ask to offer a sec-
tion from another bill which was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, which pro-
vides for certain restrictions and regulations as
to the supply and use of the water. I send it
to the desk, to be added to this bill as a new
section.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care what is \
added, so that the bill is passed; they do not
care about the restrictions.
Mr. CASSERLY. There will be 110 objec-
tion to this amendment. It seems to have been
overlooked in framing this bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the afore-
said company, in disposing of the water for the pnr-
posesof irrigation,shall make the prices uniform for
the same amount of water so far as practicable, and
shall not discriminate in favor of parties who pur-
chase the land herein granted, or against the parties
who may purchase or who may have purchased of
the Government or possess their titles from other
legal authoiity ; nor shall they dispose of the water
so as to deprive any railroad company of the water it
may need for the running purposes of its road; nor
shall they take water lrom any running stream so as
to diminish materially the natural flow thereof, to the
prejudice of those now or who may hereafter become
entitled to the use of said water : Provided, That the
toll for using the water of said canal, or of the said
feeders and ditches, and the rules as to the mode of
disposing of the same, except as herein otherwise
provided, shall be subject to existing or future laws
of the Territory of New Mexico,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that amendment. This bill only provides for
taking water from one particular stream, that
is, the Pecos river; but I do not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I now desire to amend
the second section so as to make it conform to
the section just adopted by striking out in line
four, page 2, the words uso much of," and
also striking out all of the section after the
words "Pecos river," in the fifth line, and
inserting 4' as hereinafter provided;" so that
it will read:
Thai there be, and is hereby, granted to said com-
pany therightto divert and appropriate, as provided
by their act of incorporation under the laws of the
Territory of New Mexico, the water flowing in the
Pecos river as hereinafter provided.
That is, in the section just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out the proviso on page 3, section four.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The proviso
allowing them a ten mile limit within which
to make up deficiencies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proviso which the Senator from
Vermont moves to strike out.
The Chief Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
1'tovulcd further. That if any portion of the land*!
proposed by this act to be granted to the said com-
pany shall have been previously granted or donated,
sold, or reserved, an equivalent may be taken ; and
the same is hereby granted to said company from i
contiguous odd-nuuibcred sections nearest the lino
of said canal and outside of the grant hereby made
and within ten miles on each side of the outside lim-
its of said grant.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that will not bo
done. The land is not worth a cent without
water. It is a perfect barren waste.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting at the end of line five, section four,
page 3, at the top of the page, after the words
"puhlic lands," in the sixth line, the words
"not mineral," and in the sixth line by insert-
ing the word "public" before "land."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend
by striking out the word "ten," in line six,
section four, on the same page, and inserting
the word "five."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now I wish to make one
rem ark
Mr. STEWART. Then I shall have to call
for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to amend the bill by reducing the
grant one half. The Senator from Nevada
demands the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill go, it is not
worth having now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The lands are a barren
waste, a sand plain, and are not worth a cent
without water.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to reduce the grant from ten sec-
tions to five sections. That is the pending
amendment, but the Senator from Nevada
demands the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. I will let the vote be taken
on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEWART I call for the regular order.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator will
allow a vote to be taken on a little bill which
I desire to have acted upon.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot let it go further.
state of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before proceed-
ing with the regular order, the Chair, in an-
nouncing the conference committee on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses in regard to
the Georgia bill, desires to state that he has
been embarrassed by the fact that by parlia-
mentary law the majority of that committee
on the part of the Senate must represent the
majority of the Senate 011 two different votes
taken two months apart, the one on the 19th
of April, on which day the Senate passed the
bill with what is known as the Pomeroy sub-
stitute, and the second vote to-day, in which
the Senate insisted on the Pomeroy substi-
tute, and disagreed to the amendment thereto
made by the House, the votes being very much
the same in the aggregate, but quite different
in the members who composed the vote upon
the yeas and nays; and also, by the statement
of the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
this afternoon, declining to act on the commit-
tee, repeated privately to the Chair after the
recess, in which he again reiterated bis determ-
ination. The Chair, however, has appointed
a conference committee which will represent
the majority of the Senate 011 both of these
votes, the vote of April 19 and of to-day, con-
sisting of the Senator from Michigan, Mr.
Howard, the Senator from Maine, Mr. Ham-
lin, and the Senator from Ohio, Mr. Tiiur-
max.
contracts for servile labor.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
973) to prohibit contracts for servile labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Casserly,] embracing
a number of sections.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. When the Senate ad-
journed this afternoon for the recess, i was
endeavoring to show that I had good ground
for pressing my amendments to the bill of the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.] In
order to that I was obliged to demonstrate, if
I could, that the bill of the Senator fell very
iar short of its avowed object to prohibit the
employment of the seivile labor of Asia, and
that it failed to meet even the present neces-
sities for legislation, I stated that, in my judg-
ment, it was limited to a single class of cases>
