592
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr, Morrell.
41st Con«....2d Sess.
cents per pound on coffee amounts to about
twenty-Eve cents per capita per annum ; or say,
to a family of five persons, about $1 25 per
year; and that nearly every cent of that tax,
amounting to about ten million dollars a year,
goes into the Treasury for the support of the
Government, and not for the benefit of any
favored class in any part of the country ; while
the present tax on salt, as I have before said,
compels the consumer to pay from nine to
eleven million dollars in the way of taxes, only
about one million of which goes into the Treas-
ury, the balance being a tax in the interest of
protection alone, and while it has to be paid
by the people, goes not into the Treasury, but
into the pockets of a few salt manufacturers of
the country. I trust my amendment may be
adopted.
Protection ana Free Trade—Position of
Parties.
SPEECH OF HON. D. J. MORRELL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ix TI1K Iloirsu OJ.' llKPIlKSKXTAMVES,
July 13, 1870,
On tho report of the committee of conferonee on tho
bill (TI. It. No. 201o) to rctluco internal taxes, and
for other purposos.
Mr. MOIUIELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, from personal considerations I have
refrained until now from participating in the
discussion in behalf of the doctrine of protec-
tion to American industry, which has been so
bitterly assailed during the pendency of the lax
and tariff bills of this session. So much has
been said by hired correspondents tuid others
concerning my pecuniary interest in the result
of tho legislation referred to, tlint I have deemed
it proper to allow the discussion to proceed to
the end without my participation. Now that
it is virtually closed, 1 ask permission to put
on record some thoughts that have occurred
tome bearingon tho general question at issue,
together with a few statements that I consider
necessary for me to make as chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures.
Before doing this, however, I desire to outer
my protest against the charge so frequently
uttered against practical business men who
occupy seats on this door, that they are actu-
ated by sellish motives in sustaining or oppos-
ing measures with the effects of which on cer-
tain branches of industry they arc entirely
familiar. Shall the legislation of tho country
be given over to mere theorists? Shall a citi-
zen he adjudged unfit to become a member of
this body because his training and experience
lit hi in to vote understandingly on measures
of practical import? Shall ignorance of the
business wants of the country be held at a pre-
mium in this Hall? I trust not, Mr. Spoaker.
I h'oid that the interests of the people are
always safe when committed to tho hands of
practical business men here or elsewhere, and
when such men are sent here as Representa-
tives it is a slander and a meanness to impugn
their motives. But in a larger sense the im-
pugning of the motives of members of this
body is to be condemned, Every member is,
or ought to be, in some way personally inter-
ested in the legislation in which he is called
upon to participate, and in this fact rests one
guarantee of the security of the people against
corruption aud tyranny. Let, them send here
only such Representatives as have no interest
in the laws they are called upon to frame, and
the doom of tho Republic is sealed.
cojiMirTHi; o.\* manufactures.
Mr. Speaker, it has been apparent, to me and
oihei.s ihat tho Democratic party, in and out
of this House, during the present tariff discus-
sion iias been practically a unit, against a con-
tinuance of the protective policy in any legis-
lation we might perfect. Instances of this
hostility will readily occur to every reader of
the congressional reports and the newspapers
of the day; but no single instance is more sig-
nificant than the attitude assumed by the
minority of the Committee on Manufactures.
That committee is composed of seven Repub-
licans and two Democrats. On the 19th day
of May last the Republican members united
in a review of certain statements of the 'ate
Special Commissioner of the Revenue which
appeared in his last annual report, and on the
same day the Democratic members asked and
were granted permission to submit a report
dissenting from the conclusions of their col-
leagues. The statements to which the Repub-
lican majority took exception were advanced
by the Commissioner in hostility to protective
duties on foreign imports. The correctness
and propriety of these statements were de-
fended aud extolled by the Democratic minor-
ity. I propose to examine their report, and
in doing this I will also bring under notice the
action of the late Commissioner himself.
As a matter of courtesy I have referred to
the dissenting report as the work of the minor-
ity; but in strict justice the authorship of the
greater partofit must be credited io the official
whom it defends. Of the fifty-seven pages
composing it, tho Commissioner, over his own
signature, furnishes forty-eight. His state-
ments are, however, as much a part of that
report as if I hey had been written by the
minority, for they are expressly sanctioned by
them, and are in porfect harmony with their
own arguments and deductions. AVhatever
merit or demerit attaches to the minority report,
in whole or in part, rightfully belongs, there-
fore, to the Democratic party.
And this leads me to notice, in passing, an
allusion by the minority in the introduction of
their report to the "aid which tho Special
Commissioner rendered to the Republican
party during the late national election." That
aid could not have been very important, or it
would not now receive Democratic commend-
ation, nor could the Republicanism of the Com-
missioner two years ago have been a matter of
profound and conscientious conviction, or it
would not have led him into tho embraces of
those who never voted a Republican ticket or
supported a Republican measure. During the
presidential campaign of 18U8 the Commis-
sioner gave to the public certain statistical in-
formation compiled by the Treasury Depart-
ment, which disproved the charge made by the
party to which the minority belonged, that the
revenuesofthe Government would not be suffi-
cient to pay the national obligations. This
information would have been obtained and
published if the Commissioner and his oflice
had never had an existence, and yet it is only
fair to presume that if he could then have fore-
seen how great a change would be wrought in
a brief time in his own financial and economic
views ho would not have been as sanguine of
results as ho then expressed himself. He was
enabled to say that the revenues of the Gov-
ernment honestly collected would be more
than equal to its expenditures, because a pro-
tective tariff had made the country prosperous;
but if his later theory of low duties, which
would necessarily work a disturbance of home
industry and a decrease in national revenue,
had then been fully evolved, his imagination
conhl not have pictured such superb results as
have been accomplished.
KMKIT OP THE MINORITY REPORT.
What is this minority report ? J shall attempt
| to show that in spirit anil purpose it is prac-
tically a free-trade manifesto ; and that it is as
full of errors as the annual report of the lat.e
Commissioner, of which it is a defense. Before
doing this, however, I call attention to the fact
that many of the features of the majority report,
especially its refutation of the late Commis-
sioner's allegations concerning the effects of
the duty on foreign coal, the minority do not
attempt to answer. The conclusions at which
the majority arrived receive but little noiice,
and their leading averments are unassailed.
Throughout the nine pages of the minority
report not covered by the signature of the late
Commissioner the purpose is everywhere trans-
parent to ignore the benefits of a protective
tariff and conceal the evils of a virtual free-
trade tariff. Such phrases as the following
are of frequent occurrence: "a policy called
'high protective' is in fact a system of inter-
ference and privation;" "a burdensome and
unprecedented system of taxation;" " a high
protective tariff is not t.he true system of econ-
omy for the whole country;" "atariff, whether
levied for one pretext or another, is in great
partatax;" " it is a fearful tax." American
manufacturers are referred to as being guilty
of "rapacity;" their ''concentrated capital"
is declared to be "the natural enemy of the
mas3 of the people;" "a'high protective'
system of tariff gives capital a great advantage
over labor," &c. The similarity of these sen-
timents to expressions by the late Commis-
sioner in his last annual report will at once be
apparent. That gentleman and his newly found
friends find congenial employment in scatter-
ing apples of discord between the capitalist
and the woikingman of this country, whoso
interests are, and always must be, identical.
They know that the American workiuginan is
bettor paid than the workingman of any other
part of the world, and yet have the effrontery
to condemn the very instrumentalities which
have rendered him prosperous and made him
practically independent of all capitalists. They
speak of a protective tariff asa grievous "tax,"
conveniently forgetting that its imposition has
invariably tended to increase the wages of
home labor and enlarge the channels of homo
iudustry.
With an obtuseness of vision equal to the
shortness of their memory, they see no "ra-
pacity" in the foreign capitalist whose pro-
verbial liberality to his workirigmen and their
wives and children gives few of them the com-
forts of life and drives tens of thousands to
the poor-house. The " concentrated capital "
of which they complain they are careful not
to state is most powerful in such countries as
England, wheie free trade offers no other en-
couragement to the mechanic of slender means
than to toil until he can toil no longer in the
service of hereditary monopolies ; while in the
country which is blessed with protection man-
ufacturing monopolies arc practically impos-
sible, owing to the inducements extended to
skilled workmen to become their own em-
ployers.
So, too, the late Commissioner and his Dem-
ocratic defenders contemplate with sadness
the " tax " imposed upon " every poor man's
carpet," and yet advocate a policy that would
reduce him to a level with the poor man who
lives under a free-trade dispensation across
the Atlantic, and never presses his foot upon
a carpet, taxed or untaxed. They weep briny
tears over the " tax " imposed upon the twenty-
five cents' worth of salt which the poor man
is supposed to consume-in a year, but look
with gladsome eyes upon the tax imposed on
his tea and coffee and sugar, that foreign
goods, which compete with his own labor, may
be imported without tax. They heap obloquy
upon American manufacturers, but spare the
grinding cotton and iron lords of Europe;
endeavor to excite discontent in the breasts
of well-paid American workingmen, but with-
hold a dumb brute's pity from the helpless
slaves of that foreign free-tradeism to which
all their theories inevitably lead. In a word,
the spirit c f the minority report is one'of open
and undisguised hostility to the struggling
manufacturers of this country, who receive no
