•294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the Committee on Printing, providing for the
printing of a larger number of copies for the use
of the House.
Mr. LAFLIN. I insist now upon the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tributes to abraham lincoln.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to take upfrom the Speaker's table,
for consideration at this time, Senate resolution
No. 77, authorizingt.be distribution ofthe copies
remaining in the Department of State of the
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln,
for the purpose of providing with copies of
this book the members who had not already
received them, and allowing the remainder to
be distributed by the Secretary of State.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman from New
York will allow an amendment I will not ob-
ject ; otherwise, I will object to it. It seems
to me that it is quite as competent for the two
Houses to provide for the distribution of this
document as to place the matter in the hands
of the Secretary of State.
The SPEAKER. There can be no condi-
tional amendment.
Mr. JUDD. Then I object.
artificial limbs.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee 011 the Mili-
tia House bill No. 605, to provide for furnish-
ing at the expense of the United States arti-
ficial limbs ana other supports to honorably dis-
charged officers, soldiers, and marines, when-
ever needed, during life, on account of wounds
received or sickness incurred in the military or
marine service of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not know what are the
provisions of the bill, but it seems strange to
mo that such a measure should come from the
Committee on the Militia. It should properly
come from the Committee on Military Aflairs;
and I will say that committee has that subject
now under consideration. We have had con-
sultation with the Surgeon General and others
as to the proper mode of distributing these
artificial limbs to those who were wounded in
the service of the United Stat.e3.
Mr. SHANKS. This subject was before
the Committee on Military Affairs during the
I'ortielh Congress, butitdidnot report any bill
providing for the distribution of these artificial
limbs. It was referred to the Committee on the
Militia, and we have reported the bill, to which
I hope there will be 110 objection.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I begto say this. The ques-
tion is_ before the committee now, and I am
authorized to draft a bill and report it and
have reports from all the parties concerned.
Lbo only question was whether to furnish the
wooden limbs through the Surgeon General of
the Army, or the money that the limbs would
cost. I ask that it be referred to the Military
Committee.
Objection was made to the consideration of
the biil being proceeded with.
memory os1 george peabody.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, introduced a joint
resolution (II R. No. 96) providing for an
appropriate tribute on the part of the United
States to the memory of the late George Pea-
m7 ! 7n vrcWaS/r?ld a C,rsUlld second
Mr .JONES, of Kentucky. I now move, in
accordance w.th the leave of the House granted
on Wednesday last, that the joint resolution
De put on its passage.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as fol-
oft&ITnlirt S°tdo;lth;jf 9eorge f^hody, a native
01 too United States and late a resident of England,
our country and the world have sustained an irre-
trievable loss ; andwhereas the queen ofGreatBrit-
ain, the authorities of London, and thet emperor of
France have made extraordinary provision for the
transfer of his remains to his native land :
Be it therefore revolved by the Senate and Route of
Representatives in Congress assembled, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be authorized to order as
many ships of the line as may be convenient and
adequate to the occasion to meet at sea the Euro-
pean convoy and conduct it to these shores; and that
he be authorized to make such other preparation for
the reception of the body of our distinguished philan-
thropist as is merited by his glorious deeds, and in a
manner commensurate with the justice, magnanim-
ity. and dignity of a great people.
Resolved, That the expenses incurred by such cere-
monial as the President may adopt in the premises
shall be paid by any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to make a point
of order. As'this joint resolution makes an
appropriation it ought to go to the Appro-
priation Committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is too late in making this objection.
Unanimous consent was given last week that
this proposition should be entertained by the
Honse.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cullom.]
utah territory.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 606) for an act in aid
of the execution of the laws in the Territory
of Utah, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
officers on retired list.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a jointresolution to permit Army
and Navy officers who are on the retired list to
hold civil offices.
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
leave to print.
Mr. KERR asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks upon the
Georgia bill. [See Appendix.]
new iiaven iiarbor.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of V,rar be requested
to furnish totho House of Representatives, as soon as
expedient, nil information in his possession relating
to the condition of New Haven harbor, in the dis-
trict of New Haven, Connecticut, the amount here-
totorc expended for the removal of rocks in said
harbor, and the amount required to complcto the
removal of the same.
memory op george peabody again.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise for
the purpose of putting an inquiry to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. I understand that the
remains of George Peabody are now very near
this coast, and that long before any ships of the
line could possibly be sent to meet them they
will have readied this coast. Such is my in-
formation. What is the information of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky? If my information be
correct this resolution will be too late to be of
any use.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I presume that
the remains of Mr. Peabody will not arrive
within a week, and ample time will be given
to the President of the United States to give
j effect to the joint resolution which I have
offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A ship
of the line, I wish to sayto the gentleman from
Kentucky, cannot be got ready in a week.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then the Presi-
dent may order such ship as may be conven-
ient and ready.
Mi. Speaker, I have offered the preamble and
lesolutions just read to the House in accordance
with what I conceive to be tbe sentiment ofthe
American people as paying a just tribute of
respect and homage to the greatest philanthro-
pist of this or any other age, and who is des-
tined ia all probability to go down in history as
the most renowned and lamented private citi-
zen of the world. It is a pleasant relaxation,
Mr. Speaker, in the midst of our labors here to
turn aside from the dry details of petitions and
claims; of plans for taxation, tariffs, and rev-
enues; of financial schemes for private or pub-
lic aggrandizement; from our almost constant
political and partisan wrangles, to rest our eyes
and thoughts upon the colossal figure and char-
acter of a man who had no ambition for civil,
military, or political honors; no power, per-
haps, to lead armies by his valor, public opin-
ion by his pen, assemblies and senates by his
eloquence; yet, although so lately dead, already
occupies a niche in the temple of fame which
I fear none of us can ever hope to reach. Who
has not heard of George Peabody, the poor
American boy, born on the bleak hills of New
England, starting out from his home on foot
to seek his fortune, not able to pay for his first
night's repose, but, too proud to beg, asked the
privilege of sawing wood for the morning fires
of his landlord to pay for his lodging and break-
fast. What a noble example for the youth of
our country! The proud spirit which prompted
that first independent act of his life animated
him throughout his long and arduous journey
to wealth. The goal of his ambition was not
early reached. More than half a century of
struggles and trials, of watchfulness and specu-
lation, had elapsed before he began to realize
the light which had always inspired his hopes
and wooed him on. But time, faith, honesty,
and energy were the mottoes which he cher-
ished and practiced, and they finally brought
his triumph. The poor boy of Denvers at length
became the successful merchant, the London
banker, and the great benefactor of his race.
His ambition was not to become rich for the
sake of being rich, to dazzle the multitude with
his equipage or for personal ease and luxury,
but for the ability which it brought him to do
good to his fellow-men, to clothe the naked, to
feed the hungry, to bind up bleeding and break-
ing hearts, and to educate and elevate the
human understanding.
We may search history in vain, Mr. Speaker,
to find his parallel. There have been many
opulent men of earth, but they were too often
possessed of the same cupidity and avarice
which characterized that "certain rich man
which was clothed in purple and fine linen and
fared sumptuously every day."
Lydiahad her Croesus, Greeceher Pisistratus,
and Rome her Crassus, France her Lafitte,
Germany her Rothschild, and England her
Baring and Westminster, but it was reserved
for our own country to give to the world a man
who so wisely and bounteously dispensed his
charities as to dwarf and shame them all in
comparison. He gave as he gained, and rejoiced
to behold the fruits of his beneficence. He
followed the sermon on the mount: " Let your
light so shine_ before men that they may see
your good works, and glorify your Father which
is in heaven."
When Croesus, vain of his great wealth and
influence, asked the philosopher Solon what
he thought of his good fortune, " I pronounce
no man fortunate until his death" was the
sage's reply. Thepowerful and selfish Lydian
monarch lived to experience the mutability
of all human greatness, and in his agony of
wretchedness remembered the words of Solon.
Pisistratus, it is true, established a public
library at Athens and collected the poems of
Homer, but he dispensed not to the poor, and
with all hebore the name of tyrant. Crossus,
the triumvir, devoted his great fortune to the
gratification of his pride or the enlargement of
his power. No works of charity adorn his
name. He built a tomb, indeed, to his Cecilia
Metella, which stands to this hour in the Ap-
pian way, perhaps the evidence of his affection
and goodness j but the poet has said:
"mtus mu°l1 flone we know—Metella died
ifae wealthiest Roman's wife; behold his love or
pride."
