187ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
on the question we hare just had under discus-
sion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
Committee on Banking and Currency may be
permitted to report at any time on the recent
cold panic in New York.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to suspend the rules, to enable me to make
this motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House is about adjourning upon one motion
to suspend the rules, and while that is pending
the Chair cannot entertain another.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection. ■
I made it on the misunderstanding that the
question was as to the proposition to increase
the circulation by $50,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I object.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend from New
York [Mr. Brooks] will not insist on his objec-
tion to the committee having leave to report at
any time.
Mr. BROOKS, cf New York. There are so
many matters requiring the attention of the ,
House of more importance than that dead
matter that I must object. '
Some time subsequently,
Mr. BROOKS, ot New York, withdrew his
objection.
So, by unanimous consent, leave was given '
to the Committee on Banking and Currency .
to report at any time on the subject of the
recent gold panic. ]
Mr. COX. I desire that the same privilege
of reporting their views be granted to the
minority of the committee.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
polygamy in utah.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the rules and orders of the House
be so suspended that House bill No. 1089, in aid of
the execution of the laws in the Territory of Utah,
and for other purposes, be the special order for Tues-
day, the 15th day of March next, after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. CULLOM. If the House will permit
mc, I would explain that my object is to have
this bill taken out of the morning hour, which
it now occupies, in order that other committees
may have an opportunity to report. I desire
to postpone its consideration until the 16th of
March, and to have it then made the special
order.
The SPEAKER. There is already a special
order covering that day. It must be fixed for
a later date than that.
Mr. CULLOM. Then I would say the 20th
of March.
Several Members. That is Sunday.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest the 1st of
April.
Mr. CULLOM. I will change the date to
the 22d of March.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether agreeing to this res-
olution will prevent a motion being made to
refer the bill to a committee; whether to the
Committee of the Whole or otherwise ?
The SPEAKER. ^ Not at all. _
The objection having been withdrawn, Mr. 1
C ullom' s resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
lecture on chinese immigration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Rev. Paul Bagley be permitted the
use of this Hall some night this week, to be named
by the Speaker of the House, for the purpose of
delivering a lecture on the subject of Chinese immi-
gration.
I will not detain the House, but will say that
I have here a respectful letter, asking this
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk, for the information of the House, to
read tne fule bearing on this question.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The Hall of the Housq shall not bo used for any
■I other purpose than tho legitimate business of the
1: House, nor shall the Speaker entertain any proposi-
1 tion to use it for any other purpose, or for the sus-
pension-of this rule: Provided, That this shall not
interfere with the performance of Divine service
therein under tho direotion of tho Speaker, or with
the uso of the same for caucus meetings of the mcm-
, bers, or upon occasions where tho House may, by
I resolution, agree to take part in any ceremonies to
| bo observed therein.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not allowed
even to entertain a motion for a suspension of
i the rules.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to invite the House to be present.
This gentleman is a minister of the Gospel,
i and he wants to deliver an address here.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine, but the Chair would regard that as
an evasion of the rule.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to\he whole thing,
and call for the regular order.
The question was taken on Mr. Scofield's
| motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
: House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The memorial of Messrs.
C. Aultm&n & Co. and Ballard, Fast & Co.,
manufacturers, of Canton, Ohio, remonstrat-
ing against any increase, and praying for a
reduction of the tariff duties on steel.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of John C.
Hill and a number of others, citizens of Lin-
coln county, Kentucky, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from the second congres-
sional district of Georgia, for the same purpose,
signed by John L. Underwood and a number
of others.
Also, a petition from the second congres-
sional district of Georgia, for the same purpose,
signed by Isaac Strickland and a number of
others.
Also, a petition from the second congres-
sional district of Georgia, for the same purpose,
signed by Turner Adams and a number of other
citizens.
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of Andrew
Malcolm, of Rolla, Phelps county, Missouri,
asking for pay due him from the Government
for depredations committed on his property by
Federal troops in 1861 and 1862.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Davis and 55 others,
of the District of Columbia, in behalf of the
women of Utah Territory.
Also, the petition of Martin Freeman, of
New Orleans, Louisiana, for compensation for
the schooner Delight, taken possession of by
the United States forces and sunk.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Webb, of
Salem, Massachusetts, asking that the Court
of Claims be given jurisdiction in the case of
his claim against the Government.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of O.
M. Bond and 38 others, citizens of Oswego,
New York, against renewal of income tax.
Also, the petition of George M. Case and 37
others, citizens of Fulton," New York, against
renewal of income tax.
By Mr. CREBS : The petition of W. M.
Murphy and 46 others, citizens of Bay City,
Pope county, Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of J. W.
Peirce, Judge S. L. Withey, and 51 others,
citizens of Grand Rapids, Michigan, praying
that an act be passed granting a pension for
arrears to Zerah Whitney, a soldier of the war
of 1812.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of citizens of
Colebrookdale, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Sarah
Buery, widow of Charles Buery, sergeant com-
pany D, ninety-fifth New York volunteers, for
pension.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
of Coatesburg, Illinois, prayingforthe abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Lucy M. Putnam, of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California, praying
the establishment of a certain post route.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of California, praying the establishment
of a certain post route.
Also, a petition of citizens of California,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of M. K.
Goldsmith and others, of Cigar-Makers' Union
of New Haven, Connecticut, for increase of
duty on cigars.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Yallonia Springs, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The memorial of the Na-
tional Board of Trade, asking a repeal of so
much of the act of 1799 as subjects vessels to
condemnation for the acts of officers, crews,
and passengers.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Gilbert
M. De L. Smith, for removal of political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: The petition
of James H. Birch, asking to be reimbursed
for losses sustained during the late war.
By Mr. MYERS: A petition of 40 manu-
facturers of cigars and 284 cigar-makers of
the third district of Pennsylvania, asking an
increase of the tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. NIBLACK : The memorial of John
F. Breitschee and David Bruce, praying tho
establishment of a post route from Evansvilic.
via Hickory Branch, to Mount Vernon, in the
State of Indiana.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Captain J.
H. Wilson, asking for bounty.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of J. T.
Barrett, J. J. Clarke, Thomas G. Cahill, and
69 others, citizens of Staten Island, New York,
for a specific import duty of twenty-five cents
per pound on foreign books.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Henry
Lancaster and 18 others, citizens of Goffstown,
New Hampshire, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A memorial for relief
of Rev. Benjamin F. Perky, and for increase of
pension.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 1", 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Bishop M. Simpson, of Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials. '
Mr. REVELS presented two petitions of
citizens of Mississippi, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of colored citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in favor
i of the passage of the bill (S. No. 365) to
i secure to all persons the equal protection of
S the laws: which was ordered to lie on the table.
I Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
! James E. Stewart, of Page county, Virginia,
i pj^yingths removal of his political disabilities 5
i which was referred to the select Committee on
i the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. L. E.
C. Johnson, of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, praying
to be remunerated for losses sustained by her
during the war by the burning of thirty-five
