1870.
THE CONClllESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
Department concerning the u Mount Vernon
relics," and in answer thereto the committee
are supplied with the following correspond-
ence :
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January 27,1870.
Sir: In reply to your inquiry of the 25th instant,
relative to certain relics formerly in the possession
of Mrs. Mary Custis Lee, and now supposed to be in
tho possession of the Government, I have the honor
to transmit herewith copies of all the correspondence
bearing upon the matter which the records of this
office afford.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. D.TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
Hon. M. C. Kerr,
Member of Congress, Washington^ D. C.
Department of this Interior,
February 8, 1862.
Sir : Agreeably to the request of your noto of the
30th ultimo, I return herewith a letter of General
McDowell, addressed to you on the 7th ultimo, in
relation totho " Mount Vcrnon relics" at Arlington
House, which was received here with your communi-
cation of the 13th ultimo.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary.
Brigadier General S. Williams, Assistant Adjutant
General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Was/*-
ington, D. (J.
Headquarters Division,
Arlington, Virginia, January 7,1862.
General : Shortly after coming into the command
of the then department of northeast Virginia, with
my headquarters at this place, I received a letter
from Mrs. 11.15. Lee, daughter of the former propri-
etor of this house, and from an expression in it I
received the impression that all of tho Mount Vernon
relics which had been deposited here had been re-
moved at the time of her leaving, and I remained
under this belief till a few days since.
On my coming liei o I found the house occupied for
public purposes, and for reasons not necessary to go
313to at this time I refrained from occupying it per-
sonally, but encamped near it; and during the sev-
eral times I have been here I have continued in
camp until a very recent period, when an injury
compelled me to seek quarters indoors.
A shoit time ago on old negro woman belonging to
the estate came to tell me she had boon intrusted by
her mistress with the key of one of the cellar rooms,
and that some time back this room had been broken
into and was now open, and as it contained china
which was exposed, the boxes in which it had been
packed having been broken open, she wished to be
relieved of the responsibility ol having the key. i
had the door closed, and also that of the ganet,
which I found had been broken open.
Last week Hon. Caleb Lyons, being here on a
visit and learning of these facts, expressed a wish to
jcc this china, as having frequently been a guest of
Mr. Custis he was well acquainted with everything
in his possession which had belonged to General
Washington.
His inspection resulted in the discovery that the
collar room contained, first, the remains of a set of
china which had been presented by the Society of
Cincinnati to General Washington, which will be
found described anddrawn on page 240, Mount Ver-
non and its Associations, by Benson J. Lossing.
.Second, two pieces of a set of china presented by the
oliiccrs of the French army to Mrs. Washington,
which will be found described and drawn on page
241, same work. Third, two vases presented to Gen-
eral Washington by Mr. Vaughn, which will be
found described and drawn on pages 174,175, same
work. , .-.t
General Washington's punch-bowl, with tho pic-
ture of a ship in it, described and drawn on page
."03, same work, was here but a short time before, as
I am informed by those who saw it in the cellar, but
has been stolen. There is no question a3 to the gen-
uineness of these relics. Seeing that Ihad been mis-
taken in the belief that there were no relics of '
Washington at Arlington, I called on the old scr- I
vanfs and have ascertained that besides thosebeforo 1
mentioned there are here the following articles: 1
First. General Washington's tea-table, described |
on page 303 of Lossing's work. _ ;
Second. General Washington's tent, described on i
page 126, same work.
Third. Two gilt ornaments for candelabra, de- i
scribed on page SUl, same work.
There are also some pieces of furniture brought
herefrom Mount Vernon, but whether they belong ;
to General Washington or tho Custis family is not !
clear.
1 have during the times I have been here cndciv-
<ned to take the greatest care of this house and its !
furniture, find of tho grounds, &c.; but from what
has '>ern done and what will be done in the changcs
i o ? ake pi aeein the different persons who may occupy
thu house with their staff, servants, followeis, &o., !
;>nd tho crowd of curiosity-seekers constantly com-
•,"<r here, this place isnot asafeone fortheprcserva- :
anything that is known to have an historical :
u-tcicM, small or great. There is also in the garret a
.iiumtitv of paoers of the Custis family, which arc
-unwed to contain many of those of Washington,
La, P^ette, &c. These are not safe from pilfering
hand's" None of fheee can now be sent to the family
to whom they belong. They are interesting to a large
cmss both ;\orth and South, and I feel I should not
be fully acquitted of discharging my duty if I do not
bring the subject to the attention of superior author-
ity, that some steps may be taken in the matter.
It has been suggested that thcyt should be placed in
the Patent Office orthe Smithsonian Institution, and
Major l. Williams, sixth cavalry, whose family is in
some way connected with that of the proprietors,
suggests to me that his aunt, in Georgetown, will
gladly take charge of them. I am interested only
in their preservation, and shall gladly follow any
instructions concerningthemthe majorgcncralcom-
manding may bo pleased to order or indicate.
I inclose a list of the china referred to, and have
the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient
servant,
irvin Mcdowell,
Brigadier General Commanding Division.
Brigadier General S. Williams, Assistant Adjutant
General, Headquarters Army Potomac, Washington,
District of Columbia.
Cincinnati china.-—Thirteen dining plates and soup
plates, 1 punch bowl (broken,) 7 imperfect pieces, 3
salad bowls, 3 soup tureens, 5 sauce bowls. 3 fish
drainers, 2 pieces of glass, 10 custard cup-covers, 2
little platters.
Martha 'Washington china.—One broken plate, 1
sugar bowl.
Other china,—Two vases, (porcelain.)
Headquarters Army or the Potomac,
January 1 o, 1802.
Sir : I have the honor to present to your consid-
eration the inclosed letter from Brigadier General
Irvin McDowell, concerning some relics of General
Washington's property, recently discovered by him
in the Arlington house, a list of which accompanies
tho letter.
It is evident that these articles of a national aud
historical value should have greater care and safer
keeping- than will be possible at Arlington, certainly
for a long time to come, and I would respectfully beg
leave to inquire whether the custodian of the Wash-
ington relics in tho national Patent Office is not the
most fitting person to whose care these articles of
like nature and value can be committed?
[ am. sir. very respectfully, your obedient servant.
S. "WILLIAMS,
Afixivtioif Adjat'int General.
Hon. 0. B. Smttk, Secretary of the Interior.
Headquarters Army of the Potomac,
January 13, 1802.
General: Your communication in reference to
Iho Washington lelics discoveied in the Arlington
hou«e has been referred to Hon. C. B. Smith. Secre-
tary of tho Interior, who has kindly consented that
they mav be placed tor safe-keeping in the national
Patent Oflkc m this city, with other articles pic-
served there formerly belonging to General Wash-
ington. You will, therefore, take the necessary steps
to have them sent there.
It hiw boon suggested that in prosecuting further
search for such relics on the Arlington estate, lion,
Caleb Lvon having been on terms of intimatetnend-
ship with the family of Mr. Custis, and being iarnil-
iar with the locality,may prove a valuable assistant.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient
servant' , S. AVTLLIAMS,
Assistant Adjutant Genend.
Brigadier General Irvin McDowell,
Commanding Division.
[Extract from Letters Jleceivcd Book, Army of the
Potomac.]
January 1G, 1SG2.
In relation to the Washington relics recently dis-
covered at the Arlington house -u proposes to have
them removed to the Patent Office.
])rP\RTMENT OF TJIF INTERIOR,
January 17, 1862.
Papers notoa filo with records Armv of the Potomac.
C. B. SMITH, Secretary.
Headquarters Army or the Potomac,
January L,
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter dated the 16th instant, kindly con-
senting that the Washington relics discovered at
Arlington house may be placed for safe-keeping m
iho ca-eN iu the public saloon of the Patent OUice.
This cortrunly seems tiio most appropriate resting
place for thc«e mementos of (xcneral Washington,
wlr.ch, as you justly remark, tiio whole country
ha* an interest m preserving.'" ,
Their transfer has been ordered, and /ion. Caleb
Lyon has consented to superintend taea- transit to
the custody pro\ ided by your patrio' ic hberauiy.
I am, sir. with great respect, your '
S. WILLIAMb,
A^'Mant Xdjuta.it (jcxcral.
Hon. 0. B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior.
Official copy: E. D. TOWSSEXI),
A'ljitUrit Ocnerrl.
Adjutant Genkeal's Oi-fjce, January 2St, 1&7(>.
All this correspondence was then handed to
Hon. J. i). Cox, Secretary of the Interior,
with request for such further information touch-
ing the facts therein stated as could lie afforded
by* his Department. Mr. .Secretary Cox re-
ferred the same to Hon. S. S. Fisher, Commis-
sioner of Patents, with the following official
indorsement:
February 3,1870.
At the verbal request of Hon. M. C. Kerb, of the
House of Representatives, these papers are referred
to the Commissioner of Patents, with request that
he return the same with a report as to the articles
named within, which are now in the Patent Office,
and also what, if any, have been removed, and what
action in regard to the same may have been taken
by public authorities or individuals.
3. D. COX, Secretary.
In answer thereto the Commissioner of Pat-
ents replied as follows:
United States Patent Office,
February 4,1870.
Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of the
Interior,
The articles named within are all in the Patent
Office at the present time, with others of like char-
acter. No action, so far as can be ascertained, has
been taken with reference to them other than that
which appears in the within papers.
I" should be glad if theso and other AYashington
relics could bo removed to the Smithsonian Institu-
tion or some other place ofsafe-keeping, as the room is
wanted for the models.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SAMUEL S. FISHER,
Oommiiaionw.
In returning to tlie committee the corre-
spondence, with these indorsements, Mr. Sec-
retary Cox s.ent the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., February 9,1870.
Sir: I return herewith the papers respecting tho
YvTashington relies which you left with me on tho
3d instant, and have tho honor to refer you to the
indorsements thereon.
Tile statement of the Commissioner of Patents
communicates all that is known on the subject in
this Department, aud expresses his wishes with re-
gard to the custody of the articles.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. P. COX, Secretary.
lion. M. C. Kerb, . .
Jlnuse of Iteprcsentatives. Was/nnffton, D. C.
This correspondence, taken together, appears
to contain all attainable official or record in-
formation concerning the relics, and it discloses
very clearly the genuineness of tlie relics, the
manner in which they came into the custody
of the Government, from whose possession
they were taken, and whose property tbey were
when so properly taken charge of by General
McDowell.
On the advice of her friends, during the late
administration, under date of February 10,
18C9, Mrs. Lee, from Lexington, Virginia, ad-
dressed the following request to the President:
Mr. Preridkxt : Encouraged by your kind atten-
tion to a former application, and prompted by my
friend Captain May, I now venture to request that
you will direct all tho articles taken from Arlington
and deposited in the Patent Office to be restored.
They are relics from Mount Vernon, bequeathed to
mo by my father, and consequently of great value
and interest to his family.
Vcrv rcspecttully, „
" MARY CUSTIS LEE.
Ills Excellency Andhuw Johnson, ,
President of the united States.
This letter was directed under cover to Cap-
tain May, and by him placed in the hands of
Mr. Secretary Browning, who said in his testi-
mony before a former committee of this House
that he delivered it to the President in full
Cabinet meeting, and upon being read every
member of the Cabinet agreed that the request
of Mrs. Lee should bo complied with, and it
was so ordered. Before the transfer was ef-
fected an inquiry was ordered by this House in
the last Congress, and all further proceedings
ceased. The investigation by that committee
elicited no facts inconsistent with what is here
indicated.
The articles were the property of Mrs. Lee
for her natural life, to be transmitted as heir-
looms to her posterity. Mrs. Lee is the daughter
and only child of George Washington 1 arke
Custis, who was the grandson of Mrs. Martha
Custis, afterward Martha Washington, wife of
the "Father of his Country." She became
possessed of Arlington house and estate under
her father's will. That estate and these relics
"belonged to Mrs. Lee and not to her husband,
General JR. E. Lee. The Federal Government
