1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
4439
political parties. It cannot have escaped notice
thatformoutks pastthecountry has been watch-
ing with intense interest every phase in the
revolution now going forward in Cuba; and
it cannot be doubted for a moment that the
sympathies of the American people are with
the patriot cause in that downtrodden and
oppressed land.
When Spain threw off the yoke of that cor-
rupt dynasty which had brought her Govern-
ment to the verge of ruin, the people of Cuba,
svmpathizing in the revolution, indulged the
hope that with the freedom of the home Gov-
ernment a more auspicious future-awaited them
in the reconstruction which was expected to
follow. They had suffered under the rigor of
an exacting and absolute despotism, with no
voice in the administration of their own affairs;
their property held by uncertain tenures, their
dearest rights trampled upon and disregarded,
and with no appeal from the tyrant sway which
had been exercised over them, and which had
reduced them almost to the condition of abject
slavery. Situated so near our borders, they had
caught the inspiration of our free institutions,
and had become restless under the disappoint-
ments which had attended all their previous
efforts at reform. But this dream of a new
era in their political condition was, I regret
to say, of short duration. The Spanish peo-
ple had not been educated to understand the
value of freedom. It became necessary that
they should decide upon the form of govern-
ment which was to liberalize their institutions
and take the place of that which had been over-
turned by their efforts. It was a period of
intense interest to Cuba. Up to this moment,
strange as it would seem, no definite action
has been taken: but enough has transpired to
justify the inference that Spain has fallen back
into her normal condition, and that the pros-
pects of Cuba to-day are even worse than before
the revolution took place.
To this cause, Mr. Speaker, we are to attrib-
ute the antagonism which has grown up among
the natives of .that island against the provis-
ional government of Spain, and which has
enlisted to so great an extent the sympathies,
not only of our people, but of the civilized
world.
I am free to confess, Mr. Speaker, that the
foreign policy of this Government, if indeed
we have any, has not been such as to inspire
confidence with any class of our citizens. _ It
has been vacillating, timid, and indecisive.
The claims of American citizenship have been
lost sight of; war vessels have been fitted out
in our waters, under the very eye of the Presi-
dent, to make war upon a, people struggling
for freedom against despotism and oppression;
our claims upon Great Britain for depredations
upon our commerce have been postponed with-
out a protest; our citizens have been impris-
oned and murdered in cold blood, and we have
been compelled to throw ourselves on a memor-
able occasion upon the good offices of a foreign
Power to secure to us that protection which
was the right and privilege of American citi-
zenship, and which our own Governmentfaued
to extend to us. . ,
It is iti no spirit of party that I speak thus
strongly, and 1 am happy to find that I am
only reflecting the views of prominent gentle-
men on the other side of the House. I am not
here to deal unjustly with General Grant, i
accord to him honesty of purpose, however
lame and halting the policy which he has
thought proper to adopt. If he has not come
up to the standard which the people expected
of him, it is a responsibility for which he will
be held accountable, and from which no effort
of mine would shield him, if I was disposed to
act as his champion and defender. If his sym
pathies had been thrown with the struggling
people of Cuba in the early stages of the re-
bellion, instead of being smothered by the
unfriendly and uncalled-for rigor with which
he executed the laws of neutrality, Cuba would
have been free to day, and her citizens would
have repaid the obligation by the establishment
of a Government in harmony with our own.
When this subject was before Congress at its
last session I expressed my views at large in
regard to the proper action of the committee
to whom it bad been referred from the then
stand-point. I was prepared at that time to
extend to the people~of Cuba the moral sup-
port of this Government by the expression of
our warmest sympathy in their struggles for
freedom. Some of the South American re-
publics had promptly recognized their belli-
geren t rights. It was contended that there was
no official evidence of any organized Govern-
ment or any formidable power capable of
maintaining itself against the provisional gov-
ernment of Spain, and without the existence
of such a Government and such a power we had
no right to interfere. To a certain extent this
was true. Since then, however, the war has
gone on without abatement. The whole power
of Spain has been brought into requisition to
crush the rebellion and restore her relations
with her people. Another year has elapsed,
and we find Cuba in the same attitude of resist-
ance, holding out against all efforts at subjuga-
tion, and Spain, notwithstanding her protesta-
tions of triumph, and the pretended subsidence
of all organized resistance to her authority,
increasing rather than diminishing her armies
in that quarter.
It is a significant fact, to which I call the
attention of the House, that up to this time, in
the face of the telegrams and sensation arti-
cles, which have become so frequent of late,
heralding the complete success of Spain over
her rebellious subjects, there has been no dimi-
nution of her force, notwithstanding the enorm-
ous expense to which she is subjected from day
to day, and which must soon end in the bank-
ruptcy of her treasury, if it has not reached
that point already. Spain seems to have gained
no decided advantage in the conduct of the war,
and the fact is apparent that with the policy
upon which the insurgents are acting, and their
fixed determination never to submit to the
authority of the mother country , they may hold
out without limitation as to time. Are not
these facts sufficient to justify a more decided
policy on the part of this Government ? Is it
not conclusive evidence of the state of belliger-
ency for which the friends of Cuba are con-
tending? What the exact condition of the
insurgents may be beyond the fact of their
formidable numbers it will not be important
to inquire. G^jeral Jordan, who was before
the committee, states upon his honor as a man
of truth that a bona fide government, repub-
lican in form, has been established in Cuba by
the patriots of that island, and is now in full
operation ; and that the people engaged in the
rebellion constitute a very large element of
their population ; that they have been under-
rated from the fact that their policy has been
one of passive inaction ; not to meet the Span-
iards in large numbers, or to be drawn into a
pitchedbattle, but to worry them out bya run-
ning or guerrilla warfare, which may be kept up
so long as it may suit their purposes and allow
time for other and more formidable combina-
tions. This they believe to be the most effect-
ive mode of ultimately accomplishing their
independence.
Mr Speaker, the information which we have
obtained heretofore through Spanish sources
has been entitled to little credit. Their interest
has been to blind and mislead the public mmd
in regard to the persistence with which Cuba
has held out and is still holding out against
their immense power. The events of the war
have been a sealed letter, so far as they could
control it. No important information is per-
mitted to leave the island except under the
strictest surveillance, and it is only from some
patriot who has evaded the vigilance ot the
authorities and made good his escape that we
are kept posted in regard to what is transpiring
from time to time. I have no doubt, from what
we know already, that when the vail comes to
be lifted we shall have presented tousapicture
of tyranny and oppression and human suffier-
ing which will be without a parallel in the
world's history.
But what is the duty of this Government as*
the ease stands before us to-day? . Are we to
continue to withhold all expression of sympa-
thy with these struggling people, in the face,
too, of the unfriendly spirit which the armies
of Spain have manifested toward this Govern-
ment and the daily outrages upon our citizens?
Are we to persevere in this policy of weakness
and indecision, which, while it has emboldened
Spain lo presume upon our forbearance, has
entailed incalculable injury upon, the patriot
cause and the suffering people of Cuba? I am
for passing this resolution. I am for proclaim-
ing our strict neutrality as between the belliger-
ents on that island. Our right is indisputable,
and my sympathy for the insurgents prompts
me to this action. I see no reason why we
should help Spain in such a contest; but I do
see very great reason why we should extend
all the moral aid in our power to a people who
are sufferingunderthe yoke of oppression, who
are friendly to free government, and desire to
follow the example which we have set them.
If there is no contending element presenting
the proportions that we claim, as Spain would
have us believe, our action can do no harm;
but if there is, the sympathies of the American
people are with Cuba and against Spain, and
the sooner she is made to realize it the better.
The outrages upon our citizens, to which I
have referred, is a view of this subject to which
we cannot shut our eyes. The people of this
country demand that the rights of American
citizenship shall be respected, not only in Cuba,
but throughout the world. Spain has not done
this, as the report of the committee abundantly
shows. On the contrary, she has permitted or
proved herself unable to prevent insults and
outrages which the people of this country will
submit to no longer. I do not propose to refer
in detail to the facts stated in the report of the
chairman of the committee showing these acts
of wanton insult to American citizens, but I
point to them to show the necessity of'some
action oil our part to let Spain know that the
American people are not indifferent spectators
of these unfriendly acts.
" It may be well to allude to the fact that Cuba
to-day is virtually in the hands ot those who
have been sent there to defend it. The volun-
teers who compose the army are in undisputed
possession of the island, hostile alike to Spain
and the United States. The Captain General
has no recognized authority but to carry out
their wishes and register their edicts. This
does not diminish the responsibility of the
Spanish Government. These volunteers, com-
posed of men of the most despotic tendencies
desperate in their purposes and their fortunes,
and aspiring to the absolute possession of the
island at no distant day—have conducted thi j
war in a manner revolting to humanity, and
calling for interference in the interest of hu-
manity, if nothing else. But they have com-
mitted outrages upon our citizens which Spain,
if she was disposed, was unable to prevent.
They are awaiting the termination of the war
with the insurgents that they may wage war
upon Spain, who, powerless now, will be still
more prostrate when she finds this force arrayed
against her. I refer to this fact to show the
complications that are daily assuming import-
ance and which will have to be dealt with m
the future.
This Government can make no treaty with
such an element, nor can she quietly submit to
the existence, at her own door, of a govern-
ment beyond the pale of civilization, hostile to
her free institutions, and a stumbling-block m
the way of moral and religious development.
The report of the minority refers to the Mon-
roe doctrine and the propriety of its permanent
reenactment as the settled policy of this coun-
try In the main I have no fault to find with
it. The Monroe doctrine has answered well
