1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3495
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were, on a division—ayes 43,
noes 70; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Maynard and Mr.
Cox.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 78.
So the call for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. COX. And on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BE AMAN. I move that the resolution
be referred to the select. Committee on Recon-
struction.
The SPEAKER. The motion to laj on the
table takes precedence of the motion to refer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. The previous question not having
been seconded, and debate arising, does not
the resolution go over under the rule?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table was made before any gentleman rose to
debate the resolution, and is in order.
On ordering the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay the resolution on the table there were—
ayes thirty.
So (more than one fifth of the last vote being
in favor thereof) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 84, nays 87, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Ames. As per, Atwood,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Bufflnton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
Dawes, Dixon,Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ferriss.Gi Iflllan,
Hamilton, Haw ley, Hoar, Hotcbkiss, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Lash, Lawrence, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McGrew. Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,Packer, Paine, Peck,
Peters, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Shanks. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson. Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend.Twichell,
Tyner, Upson. Uadwalader C.Washburn, Wheeler,
Wilkinson. Willard, Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—84.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell, Ayer,
Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham,
Blair, Booker. Bowen, James Brooks, Buckley,
Barcbard, Burr, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Degener, Dickinson. Dox, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finfeelnburg, Fitch, Gar-
field, Gets, Gibson, Haiglit. Haldeman, Hale, Harris,
Hawkins. Heflin, Hill, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Kellogg, Ketcham. Laflin, Lewis, Logan, Mayham,
McKee, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Morgan. Mor-
phia, Mangen, Niblack, Perce, Piatt, Poland.'Potter,
Randall, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Scofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C.Smith, Stiles,Strong,Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump' Voorhees, WeJker.
"VVhitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winches-
ter. Wood, and Woodward—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong. Bailey, Barnum, Bird, Boles, Back, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Calkin, William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Cullom, Davis,
Dickey, Dockery. Ela, Fisher, Fox, Griswold. 11am-
bleton, Hamill, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Hoge, Hooper,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knapp. Knott, Loughridge. Lynch, Marshall,
McCormick, McCrary, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Palmer, Pbelps. Porter, Reeves, Ridgway, Schenck,
Stone, Strader, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wells, and
Witcber—57.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Daring the roll call,
Mr. BURR stated that Mr. Marshall was
absent on account of sickness. If present he
would have voted " no."
Mr. RANDALL announced that his col-
league, Mr. Van Atjk.en, was paired upon this
question with Mr. Van Wyck, and also that
Mr. Bird had paired with Mr. Morrill, of
Maine. Mr. Bird would have voted "no" on
this question.
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that he had paired
upon all political questions with Mr. Van
Auken.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. CESSNA. I move that the resolution
be referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction, and on that motion I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I rose for the purpose of taking
control of the resolution, and if possible, put-
ting it on its passage under the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The House having once
refused to second the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution, the Chair had to
recognize some gentleman to make another
motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. I ask the yeas and nays on the
motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 56, not vot-
ing 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Atwood, Banks. Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cako, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale. Hawkins, Hawley,
Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel*ey, Ketcham, Laflin,
Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim H'. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, San-
ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Calwalader C. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler,Willard.Williams.and John
T. Wilson—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell.Ayer, Bar-
num, Barry, Beck, Biggs. Booker, James Brooks,
Burr, Conner,Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge,
Getz, Haight, Haldeman, Hamill, Harris, Holman,
Johnson, Knott, Lawrence,Lewis, Mayham, McKen-
zie, McNeely, Milnes, Morphis. Mangen, Niblack,
Peroe, Potter. Randall, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Trimbl e, Van Trump,Voorhees, Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. AVilson, Winans, Winchester,
Wocyi, and Woodward—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Asper, Bailey,
Bird, Boles, Boyd, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Covode, Cullom, Davis, Dockery, Fisher, Fox,
Gibson, Griswokl, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hay, Hays,
Heaton, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knapp, Loughridge, Lynch,
Marshall, McCormick, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Palmer, Phelps, Porter, Reeves, Ridgway,
Slocum, Stevenson, Sfone, Strader, Van Auken.Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wells, Whitmore, and Witcher—56.
So the resolution was referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
reduction of internal taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a bill
in relation to internal taxes, to be printed and
recommitted.
The bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, was received and
read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the leave of the
House I will make a brief explanation of the
bill.
Mr. Speaker, the members of the House are
aware that there is now upon the general Cal-
endar of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union a bill introduced a year ago
last March, the first bill of this Congress, bill
No. 1, to codify and reduce into one all the
laws relating to internal taxes. From the
present appearance and prospect of the busi-
ness of ,t*ne House, and. the condition of that
business, it is not probable that we will be able
to get at that bill so as to dispose of it in its
entirety during this session of Congress, That
bill is the result of a very great deal of labor
on the part of the Committee of Ways and
Means, both in this Congress and in a former
Congress. We have spent not only days and
nights, but even months of labor upon it in the
endeavor to codify, simplify, and unify in this
revision all the laws now on the statute-book
relating to internal taxes. There is not, a
great deal of encouragement in work of this
kind, because it too often happens that when
such a bill is brought to the light, and the con-
sideration of a body like this is asked, some
person, with the best possible intentions no
doubt, but who has not perhaps bestowed a
very great deal of study or consideration upon
the subject in its broadest extent, will pitch in
and derange the whole work.
However, without discussing any proposition
of that kind now, or alluding to anything that
has been done or that might be done in rela-
tion to that or kindred matters, I desire to say
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
come to the conclusion to divide the matter of
that large bill upon internal taxes into three
bills, and to ask the action of the House suc-
cessively upon the three bills into which the
whole matter may be thus divided.
We propose, in the first place, a bill which
shall modify and to a very great extent repeal
all the internal taxes of the country with the
exception of the taxes upon fermented liquors,
distilled spirits, tobacco and cigars, and stamps.
Then we propose to take up that portion of
the general bill which relates to taxes on these
articles, and introduce such bill amendatory
of the provisions of existing laws embracing
those articles as may seem to be necessary.
Then we propose to take up that part of the
general bill which relates to the organization
of the department of internal revenue, its offi-
cers, bonds, punishments, collections, assess-
ments, &c.; in short, all administrative sec-
tions of that bill, and present them in one bill.
The bill which I now introduce is the first
of these three, and is a bill relating to the
repeal of a large portion of the internal taxes
of the country, and making modifications by
re'enactment of other parte relating to the same
subjects. I have a memorandum here by which
I shall be enabled to state to the House what
is accomplished by this bill. We have, by
repeal of the provisions of law relating thereto,
taken off the taxes on successions and lega-
cies, which, measured by th« receipts of last
year, 1869, will be a reduction of $2,434,593.
We take off the taxes upon the gross receipts
of railroads, insurance companies, and other
institutions and corporations and kinds of busi-
ness, with the exception of the receipts of lot-
teries, of theaters, and of other places of public
amusement, &c. The whole amount of rev- ,
enue from these gross receipts for the last year
was $8,444,210, and by this bill it is proposed
to reduce that amount by $6,109,617. We
take off all the taxes on sales except that
which is assessed upon dealers in liquor. With
that exception this bill would make a further
reduction of taxes of $8,197,784.
Then we take off all the special taxes of
every kind; that is, the taxes imposed upon
various sorts of business, except certain kinds
of business which are reserved in the bill.
Those reservations are whatever relates to the
taxes on claim agents, circuses, a part of the
taxes on hotels, the taxes on jugglers, lot-
tery-ticket dealers, patent-right dealers, pawn-
brokers, museums, theaters, ffic. Making these
reservations, there will still be a reduction of
these special taxes amounting to $8,474,752.
We modify the tax in relation to incomes so
as to increase the exemption to $1,500, leav-
ing the percentage the sune as now* five per
cent. By the exact returns and tables fur-
nished us from the Internal Revenue Bureau
we find that this will constitute a still further
reduction of $5,741,105. I may remark,
in connection with this income tax, that we
have provided for such a change of the law
that evfery person will not be required, as now,
