.1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5383
and it was so framed as to be very teadily
evaded.
Id the first place, it is limited to but a single
class of cases—cases of contracts for labor
or service, which either wholly or partly are
founded upon some consideration "for, or in
respect to, the passage or transportation of or
for any alien from any foreign country to the
United States," &c., that is to say where the
payment of the passage-money enters into the
consideration of the contract for the hiring of
the labor. This provision is further limited.
It is restricted to contracts which provide for a
longer period of service than six months. Now,
there seems to me no earthly reason for this
clause, none for sanctioning all the evils of
imported labor for six months in every case. I
lsnow of no reason in morals or in policy why,
if a contract for the servile labor of Asia is good
for six months it should be bad for a longer
period. We surrender greatly if not wholly
the moral force of the true position when we
allow these odious contracts for a period of six
months, or for any period whatever.
In the next place the language is very vague.
It leaves at least a question whether it does not
allow several consecutive hirings of the same
person, provided each hiring is limited to six
months. For these reasons I add to the bill
several sections to remove the objections men-
tioned.
Besides all this the vice assailed by the bill,
in the making of the contract, is one which,
while it is common, is of such a character that
an evasion of his bill is both obvious and easy.
It attacks a transaction where the whole or a
portion of the passage money of the imported
laborer is paid by another person as a consid-
eration for the contract of hiring. Now, sir, it
is extremely obvious that nothing is easier than
to evade that provision. Already, if I may so say,
it has been evaded in advance of your legisla-
tion. I have seen it stated upon good authority
in the public journals that one large company,
extensively engaged in the business of supply-
ing and transporting Chinese labor, has re-
sorted to a device which would take their pro-
ceedings entirely out of the effect of the Senate
bill. How do they do that? The device is that
the company pays the passage money out and
out without any recourse, express or implied,
against the laborer or the proceeds of his labor.
Is it not perfectly plain that such a practice is
outside of the provisions of the Senate bill? I
have aimed to cure this mischief by the first
section of my amendment, to come in as sec-
tion two of the bill. It provides:
And every ease in which the price or hire of tilo
said passage or transportation, or any part thereof,
shall bo paid or advanced by any person or persons
other than the passenger or person to be transported,
shall be deemed prima facie to be a case within this
section and in violation thereof.
That is to say, the burden of proof in such
a case will lie upon the contractor for this kind
of labor. He will have to show in court, when-
ever the transaction is assailed, that it was not
a case within the provisions of the section,
but that it was an innocent case; as for in-
stance when the price of passage is paid by a
relative of the passenger.
There is of necessity a great deal of lan-
guage in the amendment now in hand which
is general. It is general because the evil to
be dealt with is so obscure, so covered over
under the peculiar customs of this singular
people, the Chinese, with their language so
strange to us, the mystery with which they
envelop the most ordinary transactions of their
lives in our country. Inevitably, therefore, the
language employed in dealing with such a sub-
ject must be, in great measure, large and gen-
eral, perhaps open in strict criticism to the
charge of vagueness: an instance in section
four of my amendment:
That any rule?regulation, custom, practice, pro-
ceeding, 01- understanding contrary to the provis-
ions of this act is hereby declared null and void; and
any attempt to enfoice the same is hereby declared
to bo a misdemeanor, punishahle in the courts, and
in the manner provided in the third section.
Why this section ? Because, as we all under-
stand well enough in California, the whole of
the Chinese^ labor in that State, embracing
now, according to our best information, from
thirty thousand to forty thousand able-bodied
men, is controlled by an organization of mer-
cantile houses in San Francisco, known as the
" six companies." Those companies, though
established in San Frandkco, are as Chinese
as though they were in Canton. They are in
as close and constant relation with their Gov-
ernment at Pekin as though they were in
China. So far as respects the Chinese labor
of California and the coast, they rule and con-
trol it by a system of their own.
This system has no reference to the laws of
the United States, nor the State laws of Cali-
fornia. It is a complete Chinese code, which,
by an organization that is perfect in its details
and its workings, they bring to bear with a
power which is none the less that it rests
greatly on secret influences beyond or against
our laws upon every man of the many thou-
sands of Chinese in the State of California, and
indeed of the whole body of them on the
Pacific coast.
The system is most like one of the terrible
secret associations of the Middle Ages, of which
we have but a vague idea, because they were
shrouded in darkness, but which we know were
as energetic and formidable as they were mys-
terious. It is the most complete specimen of
an imperium in imperio of which we have any
experience in the United States. I repeat, the
laws of the United States, or of the State of
California, have no more to do in the regulation
of the daily lives, the customs, the bargains,
the labor, the comings and goings of this singu-
lar people than the laws of China have in the
government of the great bulk of the people of
the United States.
Allow me, sir, to read an extract from an
elaborate report of a committee made at the last
session of the Legislature of the Slate of Cal-
ifornia. Let me say, also, that in our State
this is not strictly a party question; far from
it. Some of the most earnest and vehement
opponents of this whole system of Chinese
immigration and of labor are Republicans.
I believe that the conclusions of the report met
with general acceptance from the members of
the Legislature, without distinction of party.
The report says:
" Firxt. Thero are in this State upward of forty
thousand individuals of that class of the Asiatic or
Mongolian race known as Chinese, and the increase
of this population, under the influence of the cootie
system, is full fifty per cent, more than that of the
white population.
"Second. Those people arc under a government as
absolute and perfcct as any that ever existed, which
system of government is maintained and enforced
in this State, so far as the Chinese are concerned,
wholly independent, outside, and in derision of the
authority of the State of California, as well as that
of the Government of the United States. This sys-
tem of government is maintained and enforced by
what are known as the 'six companies,' and is, in
fact, an imperium in imperio, in derogation of the
dignity o! our national and State governments, and
in contempt of their lawful authority. This Chinese
government in California has its officers, its tribunals,
and executioners of its decrees. It has been demon-
strated by the police authorities of our principal city
that individuals have been repeatedly imprisoned
in Chino-California prisons, flogged, beaten, other-
wise maltreated,and their property confiscated, under
the authority and by the command of this Chino-
California government; and there is no reasonable
ground of doubt (though this is not susceptible of
proof) that the death penalty has been frequently
inflicted under the same authority. The peculiar
habits and customs of the Chinese, together with
ignorance of their language, has heretofore made it
■impossible for the ordinary civil force of the State
(the utmost our citizens are able to maintain at their
own cost) to breakup this extraordinary, tyrannical,
and illegal organization."
It is against these usages, these customs,
these rules, written and unwritten, shrouded
in darkness, of which we know nothing in that
State except by their effects, and which operate
to impose a species of slavery upon these unfor-
tunate people who are imported in such num-
bers to perform the severest drudgery at a
pittance of wages barely sufficient to support
even their wretched mode of life—it is against
that whole system that the fourth section of
the amendment which I first offered is aimed.
Let me read it i
That any rule, regulation, custom, practice, pro-
ceeding, or understanding contrary to the provisions
of this act is hereby declared null and void; and any
attempt to enforce thesame is hereby declared to be
a misdemeanor, punishable in the courts, and in the
manner provided in the third section.
The fifth section is designed simply to ex-
tend to the general object of prohibiting servile
labor the provisions of an existing and very
important statute of Congress. I refer to the
statute of February 19, 1862, known as the act
to prohibit the coolie trade by American citi-
zens in American vessels. That statute lays
heavy penalties, both in property and person,
upon all those violating its provisions. One
main feature is that none but voluntary immi-
grants from China are permitted by the United
States, and that for the purpose of establishing
the fact of voluntary immigration to any port in
the United States the ship is required to have in
all eases a certificate of the American consul at
the place of embarkation. The fault of the act,
although it has now been eight years on the stat-
ute-book, is that in respect of this requirement
of a certificate of voluntary immigration, no
means are provided for the enforcement of the
law. My amendment supplies this serious de-
fect. It compels the master of the ship to have
the certificate in duplicate, and to deposit,
within five days after his arrival, one dupli-
cate with the collector, and the other with the
clerk of the district court of the United States
for the district in which the port of arrival is
situated.
It also provides that no immigration shall
be deemed voluntary, within the meaning of
the act of 18C2, which is in contravention of
the general provisions of the act.
This would, of course, cover also the case
provided for by the bill of the Senator from
Oregon, which is the second amendment
offered by me to the Senate bill. I mean the
important provision which, very properly, and
with a full understanding of the great evils
that exist, it aims to protect the State of Cal-
ifornia and your whole Pacific coast against
the female element of this extraordinary move-
ment from the coast of Asia to our shores.
The subject is most disagreeable. I shall barely
touch upon it. I should not do even that were
it not an essential part of the ease which I have
to lay before this body.
It is well known, it is too well known, that
of the large body of females arriving upon our
Pacific coast from China, an immense propor-
tion is composed of the most degraded of their
sex, unfortunate beings who are generally
either kidnapped or bought to be taken to Cal-
ifornia, there to be subjected to a slavery the
most degrading and loathsome that can be
imagined; wretched creatures, who are con-
stantly bought and sold, staked and lost at the
gaming table, and made matters of traffic as
an ordinary occurrence among the Chinese
population of our coast.
It seems to be well ascertained that by the
customs of the Chinese at home no respectable
woman can leave her country except, in the
company of her father or husband. Any woman
who leaves it otherwise is ipso facto degraded.
One of the sections of the bill of the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] which I have
adopted as a portion of my amendments, pro-
vides against the immigration of such persons
except in the company of a father or husband.
One section of those offered by me requires
that fact to appear in the certificate to be given
by the consul at the port of embarkation of
these people, as essential to show the legal
fact of voluntary immigration.
The session is drawing to a close, and I do
not venture even on this absorbing subject to
occupy the time of the Senate at any length.
It is a great subject, which it is impossible to
more than glance at in the limits of an ordin-
ary discussion. It is not too much to say of
it that it is the greatest problem in its length,
