296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
upon mankind that he did should dissever the
Government he honored by being its citizen
from considerations of that kind. I trust this
resolution -will pass. There is nothing we can
do, however much it may cost, but what the
country would receive with delight and appro-
bation. I did not rise to try and say handsome
things in eulogy of Mr. Peabody, and I shall
not do so. There is enough in his character to
itnpressitself upon every mind that any expense,
however great it may be, must necessarily be
comparatively small in receiving the remains
of that, honored individual, and I very deeply
regret that the gentleman from Ohio indulged
in that remark. We are considering a man
whose chief characteristic and whose glory is
that of liberality and generosity, and parsi-
mony is not to be allowed upon the part of a
nation who seeks to honor his name.
Mr. SOHENCK. Itwas not the mere mat-
ter of expense that induced me to manifestany
objection to the passage of this resolution. It
may be a matter of taste and a matter of judg-
ment between iny friend from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] and myself in regard to the pro-
priety of anything further being done. I will
say this, however, that there has been already
at least one, if not two, vessels of the United
States detailed to go from the European squad-
ron to England and there meet and accom-
pany as a convoy the vessel that is bringing the
remains of Mr. Peabody to this country.
Mr. ^ JONES, of Kentucky. Then your
objection is of no avail.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a proposition to
send other vessels, whether they can be spared
or not I cannot say, to meet and act as a fur-
ther escort. All this, perhaps, has been proper
as a manifestation of respect on both sides of
the Atlantic, considering how very much Mr.
Peabody has done; but 1 wish to remind this
House that Congress has not been unmindful
of what Mr. Peabody's benevolence has been,
as manifested in a public way before the world
and in the two countries where he has distrib-
uted his bounty, for we have already voted to him
a medal more elegant—for I saw it once—than
anything that was ever before given, I under-
take to say, to any private individual by a vote
of Congress. And I say for one, ungracious
as the task may be, that I would rather divide
to some extent the sentiment of respect and
regard on the part of this country toward those
abroad whoso remains may be returned here for
burial by sending, if the case should occur,
snips to meet the body of some humble indi-
vidual poor, it may lie—who in proportion to
his means while we were engaged in the strug-
gle for the very life of the nation gave his time,
his energy, his endeavors in everyway, as well
as Ins hopes and sympathies, to the Union for
winch we were then lighting. [Applause.]
Now, sir, gentlemen upon the other side and
upon this side may think it very improper for
rue to submit any remarks of this kind at such
a time as this, and concerning a man whom all
the world at least the people oftwo countries—■
have combined to honor. But I say again,
though I should stand alone, that up to this
point I think we have done quite enough to
manifest respect for this individual, and that
there are other considerations which may weigh
upon the minds of some which would itidueo
them to permit his body to be brought home
now to his country and buried quietly and lion-
orably m the soil which gave him Lirfli
Mr. VOORHEES. wflltheg^Wn allow
me a single remark?
Mr. SOHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to make a single
observation. I would go as far as the gentle-
man from Ohio or anybody else to do honor to
tliat class of whom he speaks and whose fidelity
to the Government he so well states. I do not
think, however, that considerations of this kind
ought to be thrown in here. This question
does not stand as it would if these resolutions
had not been introduced. In that case wo
might perhaps, without doing injustice to out- 1
selves, have done nothing. But these resolu-
tions are now before us, and our negative action
upon them would be construed as a mark of
disrespect to a man whom the civilized world
delights to honor. For that reason, if for no
other, I desire favorable action upon these
resolutions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky resumes the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the gentleman does
not permit me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I regret very
deeply to hear the remarks of my friend, the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenok. ] I had hoped that this subject would
draw forth no partisan allusion. I offered these
resolutions from a sense of propriety, from a
sense of justice to the memory of the great
man whom they propose to honor, and in con-
sonance with that feeling which I believe to be
prevalent among the whole American people.
■I regret, sir, that any such discussion as this
has arisen ; and having the floor, and being able
to control the question, my own sense of pro-
priety forbids me to allow this discussion to
proceed further. Therefore I call the previous
question.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House adjourn.
, Mr. SCHENCK. The motion to adjourn
being made, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
enrolled joint resolutions and bill.
Mr. JBEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint reso-
lutions and a bill of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) disapproving
of a contract for leasing the custom-house
block in San Francisco ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) suspending
existing provisions of law for taking the cen-
sus ; and
An act (S. No. 281) to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia.
MEMORY Of GBOItClEPHABODY again.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn for the purpose of yield-
ing to the gentleman from Tennessee to trans-
act some necessary business.
Mr. ARNELL obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object to the
gentleman from Massachusettsyieldingtlielloor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
renew the motion to adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes 44,
noes 50 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Mr.
Joxes, ofKentucky, and Mr. Butlkr, of Massa-
chusetts, were appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
1 he yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -12, nays 72, not voting
9< ; as follows :
t. AS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper. Buckley, Burehard,
Jfurdott, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Amasa Cobb,
Cook Uiekcy, Ihxpn, Ferris, Hawkins, Hawley,
itr < ' - Cv' K°!4ev. T'Ogan, Jla.vnard,
McUaniiy, Mctxrew, ftlcrcur. William Moore Baniel
.1 . Alnrfi* 1 ov T>.,: 
Yoorhees, Welker, Wells, Whittemore, and Eugene
M. Wilson—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnuin, iieaman, Beatty',
Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Blair,'
Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Burr, Kodoriulc
II. Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles,
Cox,Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickinson, Donley, Du-
val, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Gilfillan,
Golladay, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton,
Ilamill, Hamilton, Hays, Heaton, Ileflin, Hoag,
Hoar, Hoge, Hopkins, Alexander II. Jones, Julian,
Knapp, Loughridge, McCrary, Eliakim II. Moore,
Jesse Jl. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Ortfa, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Reading,
Rico, Sanford, Scliumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sloeum, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stiles, Stokes, Sweeney. Tillman, Xyner,
Van Auken, Van Trump. Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—97.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Swann-.]
Mr. Swanx's amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
Strikeout all after the words'' United States" down
to and including the word " preparation'' and insert
be authorized to make such preparations;" so it
will read:
# That the President of the United States be author-
ized to make such preparations for the reception of
tho body of our distinguished philanthropist as is
merited by his glorious deeds, and in a manner com -
mensurato with the justice, magnanimity, and
dignity of a great people.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that that amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it in order to call for
a separate vote on the last resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is an amendment, and
will*be voted on separately.
^Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me for a single remark ?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not have an oppor-
tunity to state my reasons as fully as I desired;
and I wish to say now that if I had been aware
of the fact that unanimous consent was being
asked to bring this subject before the House I
should have objected at the time. I never knew
it until it came in; but that, of course, was my
own fault. When the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was reading some remarks I was misled
by a gentleman sitting near me, who said the
gentleman was making some explanation of his
vote on the subject of repudiation the other day.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Your friend
must have been very obtuse. I stand by that
vote, and am ready to justify it at any time it
may be necessary.
Mr. SCHENCK. The matter now being
before the House and having assumed its pres-
ent form, I do not propose to manifest any
further opposition to it. I will not, therefore,
renew the motion to lay the subject on the
table, but let it go for what it is worth.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I demand the
previous question.
Ihe previous question was seconded and the
mam quebtion ordered, which was on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Swax^t.
^lhe House divided ; and there were—ayes
3/, noes 01. J
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on engrossing
the joint resolution as amended.
Mr. IvELSEY. I ask a separate vote on
f-i wII.'r'- "ivusbuu, v anuora.Cid-
" vl'V , 'Unburn, Wilkinson, and YFiteher—-l'1
t) 1 xi?,r,srs- A Archer, Aruell, iiingham
Bird, Lolej George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Calkin
Ohurehiil, Uarke, Cobara Conger, Crebs, Dewee-e
Bockerj, Do.x, lerry, Imkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
(t.jiieid, Get/,, (jreeno, tmswold, ilay, Hill llulnan
JIoopcrv Ingersoll, Jenckes, John.^n Thomas £'
Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lallin Lash'
Lawrence, Lyric!!, Marsnall, May ham, MeCormick'
' Clrrs; 1 Waiidall, Jieeves, Rogers, Eoot-s Par-
, nt, Joseph S. Smitti, Stevenson, Stone, Stoug'hton
htiadei. btiorig, ftwann, irimblo, Twieheil, Upson'
Ihe resolution appropriating money.
^ Ihe SPEAKER. It would not be in order
| to toke a separate vote in the way suggested.
Mr JONES, of Kentucky. I would make
I a single remark as to the question of expense.
I am told that the President of the United
States and the Secretary of the Navy have
already adopted measures which will involve
no more expense than is contemplated by the
resolution. J
. .Ihe question being taken on ordering tho
joint resolution to be engrossed and read the
third time, it was agreed to. So the joint reso-
lution, being engrossed, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JONEb, of Kentucky, moved to recoil-
