3496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
to make a return of hia income whether ha
have any taxable income or not. No per-
son is to be considered in default for making
no return unless his gross income amounts to
as much as $1,500; leaving it, of course, to
the assistant assessor or assessor, if he has
reason to believe that a person failing to make
return has a gross income of $1,500 or more,
to investigate the matter and see that a proper
return is made or the proper penalties imposed.
We have also inserted a provision which will
prevent, except under special regulations of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, any
publication of the particulars of the business
of any one paying income tax.
We have also a reduction of all the taxes
contained in what is known as "schedule A"
of the present law; that is, the taxes on car-
riages, watches, and various little articles,
amounting to $882,860. These taxes we pro-
pose to take off entirely. We propose to
remove also the taxes on gas, amounting to
$2,116,005. The total amount of taxes, there-
fore, proposed to be repealed by this modifi-
cation and readjustment of the law will be
$33,956,716, being some $4,000,000 more than
the committee originally contemplated when
they set their staudard as to the amount of
these troublesome taxes which we could afford
to repeal. That was the decision of the com-
mittee some three or four months ago. They
have been working up to it, and this is the
result I might say, however, that there will
be certain additions of taxes which will dimin-
ish this aggregate amount of reduction. For
instance, we not only retain the taxes on lot-
teries and places of public amusement, but
have so regulated thoBe taxes that without
being oppressive, and, indeed, the modifica-
tion has been assented to in a good degree by
the lottery dealers, additional taxes amount-
ing to about $500,000 will be yielded from these
sources.
We have put a tax upon foreign commercial
brokers—those who come here from abroad
and sell by samples, but have no known place
of business—and these taxes may amount to
from $30,000 to $50,000, perhaps more. We
propose a further tax upon banks—a tax on
their deposits of money belonging to the Uni-
ted States, at the rate of three per cent, per
annum. That will give us about $100,000
more. The aggregate of all the additions can-
not, however, amount to more than the excess
of the redactions over $83,000,000. Ia other
words, as the aggregate reductions to which I
have referred would amount to $33,956,516,
these additional taxes would probably take off
the odd $956,516, making a total redaction of
$33,000,000 from the burden of the taxes which
the people now bear, selecting for tbe pur-
pose of this reduction those taxes which have
seemed to tbe committee the most annoying
in the mode of their collection and in the man-
ner of reaching them, and therefore the most
reasonably unpopular.
While we retain the tax on stamps, we have
made with respect to that species of taxation
an alteration to which it may be worth while to
call the attention of the House. Although
this is a sort of tax easily collected and pro-
ductive of a large revenue, yet in respect to
two classes of instruments now subject to taxa-
tion of this kind there is more annoyance expe-
rienced than perhaps arises in connection with
any other of the instruments ordinarily made
by the people. I allude to the ordinary coun-
try contracts of different kinds, and to the little
receipts given for various purposes upon bills
and other matters of that sort. We have taken
from the schedule of stamp taxes both those
items, so that hereafter those instruments may
be exempt from the necessity of being stamped.
The committee are glad to be enabled to
offer these reductions to the House and the
country. They know how cheerfully all through
the war, and all through the period which has
el^sed since the war, the people have paid
that which was demanded of them in order to
keep up the public credit and meet our Govern-
ment liabilities. But we have already within
the last three or four years made very large
reductions, as in the taxes on manufactures,
and we feel perfectly safe in proposing this
further reduction in this present year to be
added to the reduction heretofore made, so as
to make lighter and lighter the burdens which
the people have to bear, whether cheerfully
or not.
I do not know there is anything else; Mr.
Speaker, needed to be stated to give a brief ex-
planation of the bill, which is clear enough,
and can be perfectly understood by the mem-
bers of the House; still it will be desirable
that the bill should be inspected, before it is
put upon its passage, by every one who may
wish to comment on any part of it. I will
conclude, therefore, by moving that this bill
be printed, recommitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with authority to report at
any time, to be considered in the House under
the five-minutes rule.
Mr. BANKS. Does the gentleman from
Ohio by his motion supersede certain special
orders already made by the House, and for
which we have been waiting so long ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Those are special orders
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BANKS. I refer, for instance, to the
resolution reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs in reference to Cuba.
Mr. SCHENCK. If this special order be
made now, of courso it would be taken up in its
order; that is, in the order in which it is made;
but that is not my motion. My motion is that
the Committee of Ways and Means shall have
leave to report the bill back at any time for the
action of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not press his motion now.
Mr. SCHENCK. To be considered in the
House under the five-minutes rule, so we may
act on it speedily. I begthat with the assurance
it is tbe intention of the Committee of Ways
and Means to bring it back within a week,
perhaps this very week.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to yield to me for a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose this
order my colleague moves be made by the
House, how will it affect special orders already
made ? Will this take precedence of all other
special orders ?
The SPEAKER. If the House agree to the
motion as made by the gentleman from Ohio
it will take precedence of all other special
orders. He asks that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
authority to report it back at any time for the
action of the House under the five-minute rule.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will not press
his motion to the exclusion of other matters
on which members have been long waiting to
act and which will not take up a long time. I
want to bring up the resolution in reference to
Cuba, which will not take up more than one
or two days.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have themselves in charge the spe-
cial order in reference to the tariff, as well as
the special order in reference to the internal tax.
They are willing those special orders should be
laid aside to get at this bill, and I do not know
they ought to be more liberal to others than
they are to themselves. If there be objection
to this I shall meet it by moving to suspend
the rules, with a view to this action of .the
House, in order to get at this reduction of the
taxes, and to get at it speedily.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. Why refer it back
to the Committee of Ways and Means? It is
in possession of the House now. This is much
more important, and we should act on it earlier
than the tariff bill, upon which we have spent
so much time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Any gentleman can read-
ily understand our motive for this, as the bill
is long, containing carefully drawn provisions.
There may be some fifty or sixty pages of it.
It ia a revision of the laws, dropping out and
repealing the portions I have spoken of, and
it ought to be, for the sake of the House and
the committee, put in print. We therefore
prefer it should be printed and recommitted,
with the authority to bring it back for action,
as I have said. And I meet the demand of
the gentleman from Illinois when I say the
Committee of Ways and Means have determ-
ined to bring it back at the earliest opportun-
ity possible. I yield now to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, before submitting
a word or two in reference to this proposition,
to know what the gentleman proposes to do
with the pending tariff bill in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have in my hand, ready
to offer, a resolution to expedite action on that
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the proposition
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to be this: that we go on with the pend-
ing bill until it is finished, or until he calls the
other up; in other words, he desires to occupy
the attention of the House from this time
onward with tbe pending bill until he takes up
tbe bill which be has introduced to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I will remark that that has
nothing to do with the present question. If
the House puts it within our power to bring
this bill up on an early day, it will then be in
the power of the House to say what bill shall
be proceeded with.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state that the propo-
sition of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is to cover all the time be-
tween now and the time when he proposes to
bring back this bill, with the pending bill.
And if the proposition shall be adopted by thft
House it gives him the power to supersede not
only all special orders in the House, but all
special orders in the Committee of the Whole;
and on that point I have a word to say to the
House. It is now the 16th day of May. Another
fiscal year commences in six weeks from the
present time. Of all the nine appropriation
bills, but one, that making appropriations for
the Military Academy, has become a law. In
six weeks from this time the Government will
be without a dollar to carry on this Adminis-
tration. I will inform the House what is the
condition of the other bills. The legislative
and executive appropriation bill is now in the
other branch, it is about to come back here
with about as much added to it as that which
went from this House. The Indian bill is in
the Senate, reported from its committee. The
naval appropriation bill has been reported to
this House. The consular and diplomatic bill
has been reported to this House. The fortifi-
cations bill has been reported to this House.
The Post Office bill has been reported to this
House. The pension bill is with a committee
of confcrence. The river and harbor bill is
under consideration in the committee ; and the
sundries civil bill is ready to be reported this
morning. The Army bill is under considera-
tion in committee, and is almost ready to be
reported.
We have but six weeks for the consideration
of these bills before the fiscal year commences.
We are informed officially .that a deficiency
exists at this day of $1,500,000 in the appro-
priation for the collection of the customs; and
unless this can be provided for the collection
of the customs must stop. I ask, then, that the
House shall give the Committee of Appropria-
tions the time between now and the time when
the gentleman from Ohio takes up the bill he
has just reported, that we may in the mean
time provide for the carrying on of the Govern-
ment. It is with great reluctance that I have
to make this proposition. I congratulate tho
