4440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
its day and generation. It was announced as
the policy of this Government when we were
in the infancy of our growth. I for one am
opposed to any restrictions which that doctrine
'may impose at the present advanced stage of
our national growth. The American people
expect that this Government will take its stand
among the nations of the earth ; first, because
she is to-day the most powerful and command-
ing. She must stretch forth her arm in vin-
dication of the rights of man, whenever and
wherever they may be ruthlessly invaded, and
lend its protection to suffering humanity, from
whatever quarter the appeal may come.
I am not one of those who covet an exten-
sion of territory. I do not desire the annexa-
tion Of Cuba, or any other outlying colony. I
am content with what we have. But while I
say this, I must say with equal emphasis that
I would permit no interference with the great
mission upon which, we have entered. If
Cuba, under the guardianship of Spain, stands
in the way the consequences will be with her-
self. If she persists in the oppression of her
people, in the violation of the rights of Amer-
ican citizenship, in the disregard of the common
laws of humanity, she must be taught the ex-
ample which this nation holds out to her. She
must recognize the laws of advanced civiliza-
tion, or she cannot exist long, whether as a
province of Spain or an independent Power
in such close proximity to the American peo-
ple. Her soil will be invaded in the interests
of freedom, and the American flag will float
over her in spite of the combined Powers of
the world.
The report of the minority of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs seems to me to arrive at the
same conclusion substantially as those reported
by the chairman, [Mr. Banks,] with the single
exception that the minority propose to report
a bill, general in its character, applying to any
future conflict in any American possessions of
a European Power. It presents, in my judg-
ment, a distinction without a material differ-
ence. Such a general law is not necessary to
carry out the object proposed by the minority,
nor will such a form of law make the action
of the committee any more palatable to Spain,
if the desire be to avoid her displeasure. The
whole object of the majority is the enforcement
of the strictest neutrality on the part of th'is
Government between the conflicting Powers.
If similar cases arise hereafter with other
European nations they will bo dealt with as
circumstances may suggest, and it will be time
enough to take up such cases as they occur.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, in reference to other
European Powers, who have not violated the
laws of humanity or acted in an unfriendly
spirit toward this Government, I am not dis-
posed to take any present action whatever. I
do not see the propriety or advantage of any
such general law, nor do I see that the con-
version into law of the Monroe doctrine is a
matter in which we have any particular inter-
est. The measures reported by both the major-
ity and minority look to neutrality; and this is
all that the majority propose. The report of
the minority admits that Congress may exer-
cise this power. If Spain takes offense much
more would other European Powers take
offense, where their relatious were friendly to
this Government and no good reason existed
for such action. I can see no sufficient argu-
ment for any such general law. Spain can do
as she pleases. If she commits outrages upon
humanity and the rights of American citizen-
ship, she can only blame herself for the special
legislation which this action proposes.
The minority say;
Wo do not deem it necessary to raise any ques-
tion as to tho right of this Goverment to make a
genera,! declaration of neutrality."
They also make a distinction between the
right and the duty to do it. Now it occurs to
me, Mr. Speaker", that there is too much special
pleading and nice refinements in the reason-
ing of the report of the minority. When they
concede " that the policy proposed by them in
the present and future cases waives any ques-
tion of power, character, or prospects of the
revolutionary party, that it assumes the right
of American countries to self-government, and
declares the policy of this Government as not
inimical to the assertion of that right in any
case," they concede really all that the majority
are contending for; and whether their action is
in the shape of a general or special law, apply-
ing to one or all, does not materially alter the
case.
The right of a Government to make a declar-
ation of neutrality, as proposed in the resolu-
tion of the majority, cannot be questioned for
a moment. All the writers upon international
law have laid down the rule upon this subject,
which cannot well be mistaken. My colleagues
in the minority refer to the authority of Mr.
Adams in support of the American doctrine.
That distinguished publicist says, in his corre-
spondence with Earl Russell:
" If, aftor the lapse of a reasonable period, there
be little prospect of a termination of tho struggle,
especially if this be carried on upon the ocean, a
recognition of the parties as belligerents appears to
be justifiable, and at that time, so far as lean ascer-
tain, such a step has never in faotbeen objected to."
This is sound doctrine, and differs in nowise
from the universally recognized precedents
upon this subject. The minority further refer
to the language of Mr. Dana, in his edition of
Wbeatoivs International Law:
" The occasion for the accordance of belligerent
rights arises when a civil conflict exists within a for-
eign State. The reason which requires and can alone
justify this step by the Govcrnmentof another coun-
try is that its own rights and interests are so far
affected as to require a definition ol its own relations
to tho parties."
The majority are perfectly willing to stand
upon the doctrine as laid down in both the
extracts to which I have referred. This coun-
try has certainly waited a " reasonable period"
for the termination of this war in Cuba. That
hostilities are still going forward to such an
extent, on the part of the insurgents, as to
require the whole power of the provisional
government to hold it in check is also a fact
which cannot be disputed. If there is no form-
idable opposition to the Government assuming
the proportions of war, if the rebellion is at an
end, why not at once dismiss the volunteers
and send them back to Spain? Mr. Dana's
reasoning is equally to the point: " The rights
and interests of this Government have been so
far affected as to require a definition of its own
relations to the<parties." Tjy drift of events
in Cuba can never be recognized as in accord-
ance with the "interests'' of the American
people, and the outrages which have been per-
petrated upon our own citizens can never re-
ceive the sanction of the civilized world. I
see no reason, therefore, to object to either of
the authorities referred to in the minority
report, and have to thank my colleagues for
the support they give to the action proposed to
be taken by the majority of the committee.
In drawing a distinction between the right of
this Government to pass a resolution of strict
neutrality between Spain and her oppressed
people and the duty imposed upou us to main-
tain the honor of our flag the minority of the
committee seem to ignore all the facts, startling
as they appear in the report of the majority.
Have these facts been questioned or denied?
What duty can be more imperative than that
which looks to the protection of our citizens?
Has not this Government forborne long enough?
Are our relations with Spain such as to induce
us to forego the exercise of any right which
attaches under the law of nations, especially
when by so doing, in the case of Spain, we
throw the weight of our influence in upholding
the acts of inhumanity which have marked the
progress of the war? Will any one deny that
the struggle is between despotic and free gov-
ernment? Nor am I less surprised that the
minority should refer to the '• offense " which
the adoption of this resolution may give to
Spain.
In legislating upon questions "affecting the
great principles of free government such argu-
menta are humiliating to our national pride.
In planting ourselves upon right and justice
it is .to be presumed that we are prepared to
meet any consequences wiii?b our action may
provoke, and whether offensive to Spain or any
other European Power, could bardly influence
the action of the American Congress. The
minority seem to proceed upon the idea that we
have no cause of complaint against Spain to
justify this declaration of neutrality, as the
least rigorous of all the modes of showing our
displeasure at her past conduct. Our duty to a
suffering people, apart from the outrages to our
own citizens, would furnish sufficient ground
for tho most summary intervention, not only
on our part, but that of any civilized Power.
"Tho savage and remorseless spirit in which the
Spaniards seek to crush out the Cuban rebellion has
made friends for it ot multitudes in this country who
were indifferent to its success be tore. When old men
like General Goicouna and boys like the son of Pres-
ident Oespcdes; wlien non-combatants, planters,
officers of ail ranks, privates by the score are gar-
roted or shot as soon as they are made captive, it
cannot be expected that hearts not made of iron can
refuse to sympathize. Tho cruel and murderous
spirit of Spain scetns invulnerable tp ail the human-
izing influences of tho age. It is indeed one of the
few qualities of i he Spaniard that still remind men
of the nation which onee disputed with tho Rilglish
race tho empire of the JSfew World, and which has lost
almost everything it ever had but the obstinate and
merciless spirit which has driven all its colonies into
revolt, and compelled them all except one or two to
achieve their independence. As we have over and
over paid, our Government ought to lemonstrate and
protest ag:nnst tho barbarous and bloody doings of
t he Spaniards in Cuba, and withoutreference to any-
thing else in either the majority or minority report
of i he committee, we rejoice that Mr. Banks makes
such a suggestion. There is no doubt, from what
was said long ago in Parliament by a member of
Mr. Gladstone's administration, that the Bri'ish
Government -would be glad to t#iite with our own
in any measures that might be thought necessary
for putting a stop to the atrocious and daily cruel-
ties of tho Spaniards to their helpless Cuban cap-
tives. "—Baltimore >Sun, Jvne 13.
This question of Cuba, Mr. Speaker, is one
which has been exciting the country for months
past, and should be disposed of upon some fair
basis. Their recognition as in a state of bel-
ligerency is all that is asked at our hands ; and
upon every principle of right and duty I do not
see how we can longer withhold it. The idea
that such recognition can lead to a war with
Spain is simply an absurdity. It is the exer-
cise of an undoubted right, sanctioned by the
usage of nations in their relations with each
other. But weie it otherwise I should not be
intimidated by the probability of any such con-
tingency. Tne responsibility would be with
Spain, and the first gun fired in such a war
would give her litfle to trouble herself about
in the future iu her relations with that island,
or it may be her own continued existence as
an independent Power.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to pursue this
subject further. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs I felt itdue to myself
that I should present my views to this House
for what they are worth. I am amazed at the
utter demoralization into which our foreign
policy has fallen since the present admimstra-
( tion came into power, when a petty despotism
! like Spain can insult our flag and murder our
citizens with impunity. Protection, sir, is the
right of the citizen. It stands at the very base
of all Government. "What are your commerce
upon the seas and the immunity of your citi-
zens abroad without it? 1 have no desire to
provoke war in any form or with any people.
I deprecate war as the greatest calamity that
could befall a naliou. But I am free to say
that even war, with all its sacrifices, has no
terror for me when great principles are in-
volved. I would see this broad land ablaze
with excitement from center to circumference
and its great highways alive with moving armies
rather than that the humblest of our citizens
should suffer at the hands of foreign arrogance
and presumption. \\re must be vigilant and
exacting iu demanding justice and repelling
insult if we wouid retain the confidence of oar
