2552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
never attempted by any legal proceedings to
divest her title. Tke title appears, therefore,
to be still in her alone. In the judgment of
the committee, the possession ought to be trans-
ferred to her.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I cannot conceive a rea-
son why these relics should not be given to
their owner. They possess no value merely in
themselves; but by reason of the associations
connected with them, of the manner in which
theit history links them with the past, with the
Father of his Country, they do possess very
great, really inestimable value. No mind or
heart in this House or country can fully appre-
ciate their precious and priceless value in the
estimation of her to whom they belong. The
Government can serve no public interest by
retaining them. I am sure it cannot desire to
gratify any sentiment or feeling of hostility
against their owner. The just impulses of
humanity and honor demand their restoration.
I hope the joint resolution will pas3 without
objection. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and albo
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wrecked ant) abandoned property.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the J ufliciary a public joint resolu-
tion (II. It. Mo. 173) to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to collect wrecked and aban-
doned property, derelict claims, and dues be-
longing to the United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is it?
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as fol-
lows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to make such contracts and agreements as
he may deem most advantageous tor the interests of
the Governmentfor the preservation, saio, or collcc-
iion ot' any property winch m;iy have been wrecked,
abandoned, or become dereiict, or which ought to
coino to the United Slates or any moneys, dues, and
other interests belonging to the United States which
arc now withheld or retained by any municipality
whatever, and ought to have come into the posses-
sion and custody of or been collected or received by
the United States; and in such contracts to allow
such compensation to any person giving information
thereof, and who shall actually preserve, collect,
surrender, or pay over the same, as theSecretary of the
Treasury may deem just and reasonable: Provided,
That no coot or claim of whatever name or nature
shall becomo chargeablo to tho United States in so
obtaining, preserving, collecting, receiving, or mak-
ing available property debts, dues, or interests which
shall not be paid from such moneys as shall be real-
ized and received Irom the property so collected
under each specific agreement.
Mr. BROOKS, of Now York. I object to
that.
The morning hour then expired.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained tho floor.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a personal explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for three minutes.
personal explanation*.
Mr. ARNELL, When I was cut off, in the
remarks 1 was offering a few moments ago, I
was proceeding to answer the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] reflecting on the action of the Com-
mittee on Accounts in approving a certain
claim of $1,875. In order to have the matter
fully understood 1 will read the record of the
proceedings of the committee in passing on this
account. It is as follows:
" March 31, TOO.
"Committee on Accounts met.
"Present, Ukxry L. Cake, chairman ; Samuel M.
Arnell, and Jacob S. Golladay.
"Bill of D. C Forney, tor advertising, amounting
to $1,875, was taken up lor approval.
" On motion of Mr. ttolladay, it was ordered to bo
paid; objected to by Mr. Aknf.i,!,. And the ques-
tion being put, it was decided in the affirmative-
yeas 2, nays 1.
"Mr. Golladay voted yea.
"Mr. Arnjsll voted nay.
"Mr. Cake, chairman, voted yea."
This, Mr. Chairman, was an oid account
of the Chronicle for advertising. The adver-
tising was authorized by the Clerk, and the
work was performed. But for some reason,
not known to me, it was not paid at the time
when the work was performed, although an
amount precisely the same as this for the same
advertisement was paid to the National Intel-
ligencer. I think it is due to the chairman of
the committee^, who is not present, to say this
much in his behalf, lie believed, and testi-
mony was laid before the committee shov/ing
that the work was performed, and that the ad-
vertisements were properly authorized, and for
that reason the majority of the committee then
present approved the bill. I desire to add
that the law on the subject, in an act approved
July 4, 183C, is as follows:
"That it shall be the duty of tho Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of House of Keprescntatives,
as soon as may bo after the close of tho present ses-
sion, and of each succceding session, to prepare and
publish astntementof all appropriationsmac^e dur-
ing tho session, and alsoastatementof all theofficos
created, and tho salaries of each; and also a state-
ment of the offices tho salaries of which aro increased,
and tho amount of such increase."
It was under this rule that these advertise-
ments, as I understood, were authorized.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 desire to say in this con-
nection that 1 do not know what evidence was
brought before the committee, but I understood
the Clerk of the House yesterday to state that
there was no evidence of the work being or-
dered by the then Clerk, Mr. Etheridge—not
this Clerk. But whether the work was ordered
or not there was no law authorizing it, and
even if there was it would be a claim on the
Government and not on this House. But there
never was any law authorizing it. The case is
perfectly plain. And because the National
Intelligencer was paid, that is no reason why
we should repeat such a glaring act as the pay-
ment, of this sum.
message FROM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Hamlin",
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a bill of the
following title :
An act (H. 11. No. G01) declaring the con-
sent of Congress to the erection of a crib in
Lake Erie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for
the protection of an inlet for a water-works
tunnel about to be constructed by said city.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, indefinite leave of
absence after Monday next was granted to Mr.
Garfielde, of Washington.
contested election grafton vs. conner.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the contested-elec-
tion case of Grafton vs. Conner, second district
of Texas; which were referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
international monetary conference.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if com-
patible with tho public interest, to transmit to this
Mouse a copy of tho report of the 8tli of April in-
stant, made by Samuel P. Ku^gles, delegate from the
United States to the international monetary confer-
ence at Paris, upon the subject of tho proposed inter-
national coinago.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to yield for a
moment to the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole, [Mr. Wheeler,]
The SPEAKER. The regular order is de-
manded by tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and the gentleman from Ohio must surrender
the floor or proceed.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special' order, the tariff bill. I
also desire, pending the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to move that all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the paragraph of the bill under con-
sideration shall close in thirty minutes after
the committee shall resume the consideration
of the bill.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose last evening it had under consideration
the following paragraph of the bill :
On flannels, blankots, knit goods, hats, and yarn,
composed wholly or in part of wool, valued at not
exceeding 40 cents per pound, 20 cents per pound;
valued at over 40 cents per pound and not cxecedirjg
fiO cents per pound. 30 cents per pound; valued at
over GO cents per pound and not exceeding 80 cents
per pound, 40 cents per pound; valued at over 80
centsper pound, 50 cents per pound; and in addition
to said rates of duty, o5 per cent, ad valorem.
By order of tho House all debate upon this
paragraph will close in half an hour.
Mr. KERR. 1 move to amend the paragraph
by striking out in line one hundred and sixty-
nine the words "40cents" and inserting "30
cents." Mr. Chairman, I am very glad that
my colleague [Mr. Holman] yesterday intro-
duced a letter from a constituent of his, because
it shows what my own observation and informa-
tion from that part of Indiana in which I live
indicates to be true, that the wool-growing
interest in the West is not benefited at all by
means of these duties on wool, and that it
would be better for that interest if the import-
ation of wool were absolutely free; that it is
an incubus upon that great interest in the agri-
cultural sections of our country. I believe that
not only should wool be allowed to come into
this country free, but that the present enormous
rates, almost without precedent in the history
of the world, imposed upon tho different pro-
ducts and manufactured fabrics of wool, ought
also to be very much reduced. In other words,
they ought to be reduced to what would be a
reasonable and fair revenue standard. They are
now in many respects absolutely prohibitory.
They are prohibitory upon most of the finer
qualities of wool which it is most important to
us to have in this country, which our domestic
manufactures most need, and which it is im-
possible for them to get along without and to
be entirely prosperous in their business. They
cannotdivorsify their products and extend their
productions withoutthese finer wools, which are
not and cannot be successfully produced in this
country. It is the experience of every nation
in the world that has ever laid light duties on
imported wools that they contributed to the
public welfare of those countries. They also
promote the welfare of the wool-growers them-
selves. Such has been the experience of Eng-
land in reducing the rates of duty on imported
wool and finally making the import of wool free.
The result has been that the wool-producing
business of England and her colonies has never
been so prosperous as it has been and is under
free trade. The diversity of her products in the
different fabrics of wool prior to the adoption
of that policy had no comparison with its pres-
ent extent and completeness and prosperity.
It is now so great that they are able to compete
with us, and in almost all respects to greatly
surpass us, in the production of nearly all the
finer articles of woolen manufacture.
Give to our manufacturers cheap raw mate-
