6 94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Morrdl.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
levied on English iron. It is so well known that the
pig-iron makers of America are now getting such
very largo profits in consequence of these protective
duties that some effort will and must boinade to get
a reduction or even an entire abolition. In the abil-
ity of Mr. Welh to conduct this great Question we have
the utmost confidence, and his hands will bomaterially
strengthened by some of the best informed commer-
cial men in the States."—January 22,1870.
Such is the high estimation in which the
late Commissioner's coarse is held by free
traders at home and abroad, and I can safely
submit the evidences of their approval to this
House and to the country without further
comment in this connection.
ERRORS OF THE MIXOKITY.
In its issue for June last the Free Trader
prefaced its extracts from the minority report
of the Committee on Manufactures by remark-
ing that the report consisted " mainly of a
communication from Mr. Wells himseif, pre-
ceded by a few words from the minority." In
these "few words" occur several erroneous
references to matters of fact, which, that no
disrespect may be shown to the minority, I
proceed to correct. They print the following
letter:
Detroit, Michigan, March 18, 1870.
Sib : In answer to your question I would say that
an iron bridge costs from sixty to ono hundred per
cent, more than a woodon one. If the price of piu
iron boro a fair proportion to its reasonable first,
cost, such bruises could bo well afforded at on in-
crease over wood of say twenty per cent.; in which
case iron would'be universally adopted, and so whero
ono ton is now used, a hundred would bo used then.
We would then bo employing at least ten times as
many men as now, and instead of there boiug one
such -establishment in this State, thero would be a
dozoo.
"Very respectfully. WILLAItD POPE.
E. Hawlky, esq.
That is to say, if American iron-workers were
content to labor for the same wages ns British
iron workers receive, or if the productsof Brit-
ish cheap labor and cheap capital could be
introduced into this country free of duty, as
Mr. Pope mid other free-traders desire, then
the cost of iron bridges might be made to ap-
proximate the present cost of wooden ones.
But it is a pertinent inquiry, which Mr. I'opo
and the minority do not doein necessary for
them to consider, to whatextent the ability of
our people to build iron or any other kind of
bridges would be enhanced by the reduction
of wages and the abrogation of the duty they
advocate. I believe the fact is not anywhere
controverted that the American people have
built more bridges of ail kinds, more houses,
workshops, railroads, &e., during periods when
their industries were protected than during
periods of British domination.
'J he minority, in referring to the tariff on
wool, meet the issue as squarely as they could
be expected to do by presenting a plea in be-
half of the tailors, which would doubtless be
very convincing if the tailors had complained
that the wool tariff had injured their busi-
ness. _ But as they have not done this, and ns
the tailors of free trade England do complain
of low %vages and other hardships resulting
from free-trade influences, it seems to me that
the minority are themselves to be pitied for
having shed their tears over the wrong corpse.
^ 'J he shipping interest next receives the atten-
tion of the minority. They allege that many
American ship-yards are now idle which would
be filled with busy workmen but for protection
to other industries. Inasmuch as a special
committee of seven members of this House has
been engaged for nearly a year in an exhaust-
ive inquiry into all the causes of the decline
in American commerce and American ship-
building, the wisdom of the minority in solv-
ing this important problem iu a few sentences
is most marvelous.
, After this solution I suppose the country need
no longer trouble itself about the effects pro-
dujad on our commerce by British cruisers like
the Alabama, or inquire further into rhe influ-
ence of Government subsidies in the encour-
agement of tbe French and English mercantile
marine. That knotty problem about which so
much has been said and written is settled!
The remedy for the decline in American ship-
ping proposed by the minority is as novel as
the cause they have discovered for that decline.
They propose that we should reanimate our
deserted ship-yards by buying our ships abroad!
And there 1 leave them.
TIIE LATE COMMISSIONER'S DEFENSE.
I proceed now to examine the letter which
the Commissioner furnished for the minority
report. It begins with the admission that^
owing to the "absence of proper data," his
reports have not been "free from mistakes or
errors.'' Immediately following this admission
he proceeds to combat, through nine pages of
his letter, the testimony of leading manufac-
turers of respectability relative to the cost of
producing a ton of pig iron, which testimony
was submitted to the country in the report of
the nvyonty of the committee. He admits that
his reports have not been "free from mistakes
or errors," which is exactly the charge pre-
ferred against him by the majority; and yet,
when these "mistakes or errors" in regard to
iron are pointed out, and the truth is made to
appear from "data" than which none can be
more "proper," he goes vigorously to work to
reject this "data," the absence of which he
had previously lamented, and to defend these
same " mistakes or errors." What is the infer-
ence? Either that " proper data" concerning
iron were not seriously desired by him, or else
that, having found it, he perversely chooses,
like the unrepentant sinner, to follow the ways
of darkness rather than light—to prefer "data"
which sustain his false theories rather than that
which shall serve the cause of truth.
A feature of the late Commissioner's defense
which runs through his whole letter is hispeii-
chant for bringing upon the witness stand wit-
nesses whose testimony has already been heard
and discredited. Thus he brings forward Mr.
George X. Lewis and Mr. S. Waterhouse to
testily that they correctly staled the cost of
iron in their testimony given in the Commis-
sionerjslastannual report, although Mr.Charles
McNair, Jules Vallc, Woods, Yeatman & Co.,
Iliilman, Brother & Sons, and others, iu the
report of the majority of the Committee on
Manufactures, showed conclusively ihit these
gentlemen were in error. The figures furnished
by Mr. McNair to Mr. Waterhouse in Febru-
ary, 1869, are again quoted, although Mr. Mc-
Nair published a card in Deoomber of the same
year, which the majority incorporated in their
report, explaining why those figures were not
correct. So also Mr. 8aekett, is made to appear
again as an estimator, although the Commis-
sioner was entirely familiar with the fact that
a distinguished Senator[Mr. Scott] hadshown,
in a speech in the Senate on the 10th day of
February last, that Mr. Sackett's estimates had
onee led a-company of capitalists into making
an investment m the manufacture of iron in
Pennsylvania, from which they were glad to
extricate themselves, after a trial of Mr. Sack-
ett's management, with a loss of fifty cents on
every dollar. Estimates by Mr. George T.
Lewis, Mr. S. Waterhouse, Mr. Charles 13.
Sackett, and others, form indeed a large part
of the Commissioner's defense, as they did of
his last annual report; butthe practical results,
if any, obtained by these estimators are not
given. The^majority of the committee, on the
other hand, in their report have cited only the
testimony of practical manufacturers of long
experience and the results of actual operations
conducted with skill ami economy.
The Commissioner also occupies five finely-
printed pages with a statement over the signa-
tures of Edward Harris and others, woolen
manufacturers, whose particular interests are
best served by free trade in low-priced foreign
wools, although this statement was republished
at length, and its fallacies refuted by the Na-
tional Association of Wool Manufacturers in
their " bulletin " for April last, which refuta-
tion the Commissioner entirely ignores, as he
does also the further fact that Mr. Harris and
his colleagues nowhere demand a repeal of the
duty on those foreign fine cloths which compete
with their own manufactures. Mr. Harris sup-
plies still another page of the late Commis-
sioner's defense in a letter which he addressed
to that official under date of March 21, 1870,
but the Commissioner knew and failed to state
the fact that the motives which actuated the
assault upon a protective tariff contained in
that letter were divulged by Mr. Harris him-
self at a free-trade meeting held at Providence,
'Rhode Island, on the 14th of April, 1870, which
I find reported in the Free Trader for June
last in the following-jubilant ilferds :
"In Providence, Rhode Island, a strong meeting
was hold on tho 14th April. Professor Porry spoke,
and says,' The thinking men of the city were there,
and listened to mo with critical attention for ono
hour and a quarter. Several leading gentlemen then
indorsed tho movement.' Mr. Edward Harris, the
well-known woolen inanuiacturcr, said 4 it was a
great day forProvidonce,' and declared it was no uso
being a half and half free-trader when the thing
itself was wholly right. There v.'uiu no 'hall-way
houses on that road.' The citizens paid for the hall,
and Mr. Harris generously insisted oil paying the
hotel bill of tho speakers."
F.EHOKS OF THE OOJIMISSIONHK.
The elaborate nature of the defense of tho Com-
missioner from the charges preferred against
him in the majority report is significant of the
weakness of his position, liven more signifi-
cant of this weakness is the manner of that
defense. It is not necessary that I should
exposo all the shifting expedients he has re-
sorted to to sustain his annual report, but I
will as briefly as possible advert to some of
them, and from these the character of the
others can easily be inferred.
COST OF PIO niox.
In his treatment of the iron question he
quotes Mr. Abram S. Hewitt to prove the
truth of the assertion in the annual report that
the "average expenditure requisite to produce
a ton of pig iron in the United States at the pres-
ent time, including a liberal interest upon the
capital invested and a fair allowance for re-
pairs and incidentals, may be fairly estimated
at from twenty four to twenty six dollars, cur-
rency." The particular statement of Mr. Hew-
itt which he professes to quote he says may be
found in that gentleman's official report as
commissioner to the Paris universal exhibi-
tion. I have referred to this report, as printed
at the Government Printing Office, and find a
wide variation between what Mr. Hewitt said
and what the late Commissioner reports lum
to have said. And that the discrepancy may
be the more readily seen, I place the two read-
ings in parallel columns:
,1/r. Welh soj/s Mr. What Mr. Jlercitt did say.
Jiewut ft'ild. {tieelns report, paf/c-.>T.J
"In tho United States "In the United Slates
tho cheapest region for the cheapest region for
the manufacture of pig tho manufacture of pig
iron, extensively^ devet- iron, as yet extensively
oped, isin theLehigh val- developed, is on the Le-
ley.in the State ot'Penn- high river, in the State
sylvania, where pig iron of Pennsylvania, where,
is produced at an average- tahinncoaliuvt o/catikctr
cost ot twenty-four doi- actual cost of mining, pig
larsperton." iron is pioduoed at an
average cost of twenty-
four dollars per ton."
^ Note the important omission in the Commis-
sioner's quotation—" taking coal and ore at
their actual cost of miningMr. Hewitt
especially leaves the inference that he does not
include in his estimate either the interest oil
the capital invested in the purchase of ore and
coal lands, in improvements and buildings
erected, or the royalty on the ore and coal used
in the manufacture ot the iron. There is no evi-
