1870.
IHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3497
Committee ofWavs and Means and the country
upon the result of their labors as reported here
this morning. I shall take hold with them earn-
estly in the work of putting their bill through.
I have stood by the committee upon the pend-
ing bill since it was reported on the 1st day of
February, aud made a special order on the 15th
day of February, and taken up in detail on the
lstof March, and which for two months and a
halfhas mainly occupied the time of this House
and the labor of the Committee of the Whole,
which is now about half way through the bill.
I submit that, upon this report made by the
Committee of Ways and Means, it is but just
to the Committee of Appropriations, and it is
but yielding to the necessities of the Govern-
ment, that the Committee on Appropriations
should have the time between now and the
time when they propose to take up the bill
reported this morning. And I appeal to my
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with no factious spirit, and in no
spirit of opposition to this bill. I have stood,
and my committee has stood with him in gen-
eral and in detail through all the labor up to
this time. And I ask him that, pending the
further consideration of the bill he has reported
this morning, until his committee shall report
it back to the House, he shall yield to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, in view of the an-
nouncement I have made as to the absolute
necessities of the Government, that they may
have the time of the House for the considera-
tion of their bills. Not one of them but the
unimportant bill for the support of the Military
Academy has yet become a law. And, besides
that, but two others have gone out of the
House. The rest are all ready to be consid-
ered to-day.
I think I do not ask too much of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I recognize his rights. I recognize what is
due to him, and to his position as representing
the ways and means of the country. But I
am instructed by the Committee on Appropri-
ations, in view of special messages which have
come to them, and the urgency of the case, to
press upon the House the necessity of pro-
ceeding with the appropriation bills, and to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to yield to them the time between
this and the time when he asks to have this
bill considered. I will stay here with him after
that as long as be desires to further consider
this bill, if it should be the will of the House.
I have not desired by these remarks, by any
side blow, to defeat his measure or to obstruct
its passage. But I appeal to him and to the
House in the behalf of the necessities of the
Government, and I ask him to yield this time
to my committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appreciate in its full
force the appeal made by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and I have only
to reply to it that while it may be very well in
itself, from his point of view, he will pardon
me for calling attention to the fact again that
it has nothing to do with the question now
before the House.. The question now is, is
the House prepared to make such order as will
insure the very speedy consideration and dis-
posal of the bill which we have this morning
reported, reducing the internal taxes of the
country? When I come to make a motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the tariff bill then all these
considerations will be in order, and I suppose
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has merely seized this occasion to put them
forward now, because when I make that motion
it will not be debatable, and he will have the
advantage of having impressed upon the House
the propriety of not going into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
tariff when there is so much else demanding,
as he thinks, to be considered preferentially
within the next few days. I cannot, therefore,
propose any thing other than I have done, so far
as this bill is concerned.
Mr. DAWES. X m&de those remarks merely
to see if the gentleman would not yield to my
proposition, and then, I apprehend, there will
be no objection on the part of the House t,o
his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
objects.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I promised first to yield
to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means and of the
House to his proposition. Does he mean to
consider his tax bill in th« House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, I suppose not, but
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
there is a very great difference between the two
propositions, I think. If there is not, then I
have not a word to say. I have no objection
to the bill being considered as in Committee of
the Whole with the power to offer amendments
and discuss them that we have in Committee
of the Whole. But if the gentleman wishes
to put in his tax bill here without giving an
opportunity to make amendments, why, then,
for one, I shall feel obliged to vote against
his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman may feci
relieved upon that point. Nothing is further
from the thought of the committee than to
exclude amendments. They may have somo
amendments to propose themselves when they
come to see the bill in print.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order. We who are governed want to
hear what our governors say, and there is so
much confusion we can hear nothing.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and preserve order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire that everything
which we propose and ask of the House shall
be distinctly heard and understood. It is not
my fault if I have not been at all times clear
enough to the comprehension of every mem-
ber. I repeat, therefore, that nothing was
further from the thought of the Committee of
Ways and Means than to cut off the oppor-
tunity of amending the bill in its details. But
we have thought that without interfering with
the special orders in Committee of the Whole,
if the bill were brought into the House and
acted on speedily and vigorously, with amend-
ments and with debate, but that debate lim-
ited to five-minutes discussion, we would
accomplish every object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman tell me why be does not use the
phrase "as in Committee of the Whole?"
What is the difference as he understands it ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Simply because it gives
more power over the bill if debate on amend-
ments should seem to be merely for the pur-
pose of delay, which I do not apprehend.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If it means
the same thing as in Committee of the Whole
there is no difficulty.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Speaker can explain
the difference to the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will modify his motion so as to make it
" as in Committee of the Whole" he will take
away all objection on my part.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question with a view to our votes upon
this proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK.. Very well. .
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman will deal
with his usual frankness with our side of the
the House and tell us precisely what his prop-
osition is with reference to the tariff. Does
he propose to amend the order of the House
in that regard ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will tell the gentleman
just what I propose in regard to the tariff. I
propose after this subject shall have been dis-
disposed of to introduce a resolution which I
will now read in my place :
_ Resolved, That when tho House shall bo at any
time in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, House bill No. 1068,
being a bill to amend existing laws relating to the
duties on imports, and for other purposes, it may
direct any portion of tho bill, or any portion relating
to the same general subject, to be read preparatory
to amendment and discussion thereof and may on
motion order all debate on such part to ccase at tho
expiration of a time indicated.
For instance, I propose when we again go
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order, as we have now just reached the subject
of lumber, which takes up a page or more of
the printed bill, to move that the whole of
what relates to lumber shall be read at once.
And I will then move that all debate upon the
portion relating to lumber shall cease in a given
time, allowing what may seem to be a fair time
for discussing and amending any part of it.
And so on with the bill in detail. The delay
has been occasioned mainly by the little pro-
tracted debate which has sprung up on every line
and every item, which has resulted in divisions
of the Committee of the Whole and in dilatory
proceedings. That is what I desire to cut off,
with the support of the House. And I think
the gentleman from his former experience may
trust somewhat to the fair dealing of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or of its chairman,
to not use the power which I will ask for any
oppressive purposes. However, that question
is not now before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to amend the reso-
lution by adding to it these words:
And that the farther consideration of the bill (tho
tariff bill) be postponed until after the considera-
tion of ali the appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER. That question is not now
before the House. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Schekck,] that the bill be printed and recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with authority to report it back to the House
at any time for consideration and action, under
the five-minutes rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
saying that the bill shall be considered as in
Committee of the Whole if gentlemen prefer
it, so that a record shall not be made by yeas
and nays of their votes.
The SPEAKER. That will not cut off the
right to call the yeas and nays on any question.
Mr. SCHENCK.. Then I will let the motion
stand as I first made it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the mo
tion so that the bill shall be considered by sec
tions under the five-minutes rule in the House,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As ia Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. JUDD. I would ask the gentleman
what objection there is to instructing the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report this bill
back on Wednesday next immediately after
the reading of the Journal?
Mr. SCHENCK. I would rather the House
wonld not instruct us when to bring the bill in,
but take our word for it that we will report it
back as soon as we can.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alusoj?]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do; I first drew up my
motion in that form.
Mr. DAWES. If the motion of the gentle-
man should be adopted, can a majority of the
House at any time go into Committee of the
Whole on the appropriation bills, notwith-
standing, this order?
The SPEAKER. This has nothing to do
with that—the point raised upon that matter.
Mr. DAWES. I know that; but I want to
know the effect, of this.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] should follow this up by
a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
upon the tariff bill 
Mr. DAWES. That is not what I mean, if
the Chair please. Suppose the gentleman
