i87a
THEOOJ^GrRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
vas read twice by its title, deferred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. I
No. 604) to establish certain post roads; which j
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com- j
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed. j
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 605) to provide for the compensation of
the clerk, district attorney, commissioner, and
marshal of the western district of Arkansas,
and for criers and bailiffs in attendance upon
the United States district court for said dis-
trict ; which was read twice by its title, referred
totheCommittee on the Judiciary, ana ordered
to he printed.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 606) to amend aiy^aet entitled "An act
for the better organiaatidfc of the district courts
of the United States within the State of Ala-
bama,1' approved March 10, 1824 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 607) to give rank to civil engineers and
assistant naval constructors in the Navy; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 143) providing for the better
observance of Sunday in the Military and Naval
Academies; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
SETTLERS ON LANDS GRANTED FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion submitted by my colleague yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider.the following resolution,
submitted yesterday by Mr. Howbll;
Retolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
iastraded to insert in all bills hereafter reported for
grants of land to aid in the construction of railroads
a provision which will secure the rights of settlers to
homesteads on said grants and require that the sale
of the lands thereof shall be made at the same price
as the alternate sections of the Government lands, in
order to promote the speedy occupation of saidlands
and the rapid settlement ofthesection of country in
which they may be looated, and to protect the people
against the evils ofland monopoly.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, a bill passed
the Senate a few days since for a grant of land
to aid the construction of a railroad in Oregon,
which contained a clause securing the rights
of actual settlers to homes, on the grant, and
required that the land should be put in market
at an early day at a price not to exceed $2 50
an acre. I have for eomtj time past thought,
aud still think, that such a provision ought to
be incorporated in every grant of land made
for the construction of railroads. There are
now, however, several bills before the Senate
reported by the same committee which con-
tain no such provision. I am therefore induced
to offer this resolution in order to secure uni-
formity in these railroad grants, and to protect
the interests of the settlers and the people likely
to be affected by them. I press this matter
upon the consideration of Senators now and
in this mode because I prefer not to make what
might be regarded as an invidious distinction
by proposing it as a specific amendment to any
particular bill that may first chance to come
before the Senate; and for the reason, also,
that I desire to enlist the experience and skill
of the committee in framing an effectual clause
to secure the object, which I deem one of great
importance and so eminently wise and just as
to merit the unanimous sanction of this body.
I propose, sir, to make the policy indicated by
theresolntion universal and permanent. I wish
to see it aa inevitable a feature of railroad land
grants as the Wilmot proviso used to be in
territorial bills. And while it will extend over
a wider area, I feel persuaded that its benefi-
cial effects will be as fully recognized hereafter
by the people whose interests it will conserve
for all time to come; for it will effectually
Becure and protect the West and the Southwest
from the great evils of land monopoly. Here-
tofore, it may be, there was no imminent danger
to be apprehended from that source; but times
have changed, and the rapid accumulation of
capital at the disposal of great railroad cor-
porations leaves no room to doubt that these
companies will hold on to the land grants in
future, just as the Illinois Central has done
and is still doing.
That I may not be suspected of hostility to
the policy of the Government in making grants
of public lands, let me here assert that there
is no one who appreciates that policy more
highly or will stand by it more earnestly. In
my view the leading characteristic, the salient
feature of the poliey of Government has been
to grant lands on easy terms, or without terms,
to promote the speedy settlement and develop
the material resources of the country; and to
this end ample grants of lands to secure to
the people the means of education and the
facilities of transportation and intercommuni-
cation have been made to the early settlers
during all our history.
We trace this policy alike in the grants by
the monarchs of England, in the legislation of
the early colonists, in the measures of the pro-
prietary governments, as well as in that of our
own Government from revolutionary times.
There have been, it is true, occasional and local
departures from this policy, and the policy
itself has been perverted in some notable in-
stances. These, however, were exceptional
cases, and have left unmistakable markB of
their want of wisdom on the history of the times
and the sections in which they prevailed. The
proprietary grantees in some cases, in the mid-
dle States, under the influence of family pride
or the greed of gain, sought to retain their
large estates in their own families, and thereby
for a time blocked .the wheels of progress and
inflicted many evils upon the sections which
happened to be cursed with their presence.
And ! at a later day military grants and Indian
and half-breed reservations scattered the blight
of their baleful influence here and there over
the land.
The evil effects of these exceptional cases
I have in a measure ceased in those sections of
I country; but in the South the system of slavery
! perverted the beneficent land policy of the
i Government, as it did every other blessing,
and accumulated immense bodies of land in the
! hands of wealthy proprietors. And although
slavery was crushed and abolished by the for-
, tunes of war, this relic of it, a great landed
| aristocracy, still stares us in the face as the
fruitful source of the direst ills that threaten
the peace and prosperity of the South and of
the country at large. Had the Government
grappled with this evil as it did with that of
slavery, and as a war measure, and in punish-
ment of traitors confiscated these great landed
estates and divided them up into small farms
as homesteads for the patriot soldiers who
trampled down the rebellion in fire and blood,
the difficulties of reconstruction would have
been greatly simplified and the peril of the
future forever removed.
But we lacked the wisdom and the pluck to
seize the opportunity offered us, and Provi-
dence is not likely, I trust, to thrust another
in our way to enable us to right the wrong Mid
rid the country of the direful legacy of land
monopoly, bequeathed by that peculiar insti-
tution the source of all our sufferings in the
past and most of the troubles of the present.
It was land monopoly in the South that fur-
nished the prepared soil, the hot-bed for sla-
very, in which it grew and flourished. Its vic-
tims were as personal chattels, without rights,
degraded to the level of brutes in social esti-
mation and in the eye of the law, and the mass
of the free population were little better off in
reality.
This land monopoly continues in the South,
and I fail to see in what respect the fact that
it is in the hands of individuals renders it less
mischievous than it would be in the hands of
corporations if it is to continue. A landless
population in the rural districts of a country,
where laborers constitute the mass of the peo-
ple, tends constantly to still lower depths of
poverty, ignorance, and degradation; and the
gulf between the landed aristocracy and their
helpless dependents grows wider and deeper
from year to year and from age to age. Both
classes are at home in an aristocratic, monarch-
ical, or despotic Government, but are utterly
out of place in a republic, and are in constant
hostility to its fundamental principles. This
fact is verified by history and our own observa-
tion and experience.
Hence, with these earnest and abiding con-
victions of the manifold mischiefs of land
monopoly in whatever form, or wherever found
or threatened, I am ready and eager to exert
whatever power I can wield as a Senator or a
citizen to mitigate the pernicious and calami-
tous effects of land monopoly where it already
prevails, and to exclude it utterly from all sec-
tions still happily free from it. I hold that the
remedy to be applied in both cases is such
a policy on the part of the Government as
will tend to promote the rapid settlement both
of the South and West, by stimulating and
encouraging the development of the material
resources, and the upbuilding of the industrial
interests of these sections of our great country.
LettheSenatorfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
whose learning and familiar knowledge of
affairs I admire, and Whose devotion to prin-
ciple and nobility of character I learned to
respect even in my early manhood, devote his
great talents to the resuscitation of the South
now that his mission of opposition to recon-
struction is about terminated. We of the West
and North will gladly folio w his lead and uphold
hift hands in support of measures directed to
that end. Thus he may close hia long public
service intheinaugnration of nfeasnres ofpolicy
of a positive character, which may tend to bless
the present age and posterity long after he shall
have been gathered to his fathers.
But to return to the point from which I
digressed. Before the age of railroads the
beneficence of Government was directed to
such enterprises and instrumentalities as in
those times tended tnost to stimulate the settle-
ment and development of the West. The pol-
icy was benign and effective for the period in
which it prevailed, and nnder its influence Ohio
was relieved of a custom, very common in my
boyhood, of gathering hogs off the toast to be
driven over the mountains to the Baltimore
market, and of many Other inconveniences of
a similar character. -
When the age of railroads dawaed, and they
began to stretch westward, the We* was not
destitute of the deSire oc the capacity t6 adopt
the policy of Government, to avail herself of its
aid in the construction of these new thorough-
fares of transportation and travel. The first
successful effort in that direction was achieved
by the influence of Stephen A. Douglas, in
behalf of the Illinois Central. Whatever may
now be said of the enormous disproportion of
the grant to the necessities of the contemplated
enterprise, the fact that Douglas died compar-
atively poor, and that his family have derived
no advantage from his efforts, which resulted
in bestowing boundless wealth on that great
company, furnishes not only strong indications
of the integrity of that distinguished statesman,
but also another "modern instance" of the
ancient legal adage that corporations have no
soals.
The Senator from Kentucky did well to take
exception to the policy-of that wealthy cor-
