1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
it does exist. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary have examined this proposition, and they
all agree that it ought to pass.
Mr. WILSON. Why put in the limitation
of six months ?
Mr. STEWART. Because it is alleged, and
there is the difficulty, that Europeans frequently
make contracts to come to this country and pay
their fare by their labor, and any general law
might interfere with that. My proposition was
to make any of these contracts void when the
transportation was a part of tlie consideration.
AVe undoubtedly have ample authority to do
this. The Supreme Court has held that we
have complete control over it under the power
to regulate commerce. The importation of
passengers is commerce, and the whole subject
is within the power of Congress. Where the
consideration of the contract is passage money
we can regulate that contract beyond any doubt;
but we do not want to regulate it in a manner
that will interfere with European immigration.
The Chinese cannot be imported with profit
for six months' service; that is out of the ques-
tion on account of the distance and the expense.
Six months will therefore be just as good for
that purpose as if it was made absolutely void.
Mr. HOWARD. I infer from something the
Senator has said that this bill may prevent the
free migration of Chinese to this country. Is
that so ?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all. The bill says
that if contracts are made with Chinese for
their passage money which provide for a longer
period of service than six months they shall
be void; and the attempt to enforce such con-
tracts shall be a misdemeanor.
Mr. HOWTABD. Why not apply the same
principle, if it be a good one, to immigrants
from other countries'?
Mr. STEWART. We do ; we apply it to
the whole world. It is a general law, applica-
ble to all, and six months was put in because
it was regarded as a reasonable time. I
examined all the passenger laws before this
bill was prepared. The question has been up
before, whether contracts for service to pay for
passage money should be tolerated, and. from
the best information we could get it will injure
no one to prohibit such contracts for a longer
period of service than six months. Six months'
service is enough to pay for transportation
from any country to this, and perhaps too
much, so that it will not interfere with free
emigration from any country.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator answer
me another question? Why prohibit an_ im-
migrant coming to this country from making a
bargain to pav for his passage by his labor?
Mr. STEWART. We do not; but we can
regulate that contract so that the term of ser-
vive shall not exceed six months. They make
these contracts in China for from four to six
years; they stipulate for very low wages; they
pile up commissions on the coolies. The pas-
sage money is about forty or fifty dollars, but
they run it up by means of commission,f&e.,
to about two hundred and fifty dollars. They
then agree to bring them to this country and
take them home again, dead or alive; and it is
very common, I am informed by persons who
have been there and given this subject^ atten-
tion, to require the coolie to pledge his rela-
tives to be held in service provided he breu.es
the contract. .
Mr HOWARD. Sold into servitude where /
Mr. STEWART. In China, for a term of
years, to be held as coolies there. _
Mr HOWARD. Is there slavery in China.'
Mr. STEWART. A species of slavery,
something like peonage in Mexico. Hin rela-
tives are put up practically as a pledge ; aud
then his religious belief that it is necessary tor
him to be buried with his fathers and return
to that country with the pledge he has given
at home holds him to this contract in a very
remarkable way, and makes it possible for con-
tracts to bo made and enforced tor the import-
ation of Chinese, they being held to service
for four and six years. We want to prevent
that coolie system, to prevent that class of
contracts that bring coolie labor here to be
used in competition with free labor. This is the
kind of slave labor that we want to prevent.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I understand from
what the Senator says that the bill in no way
prohibits the free immigration of Chinese into
the United States?
Mr. STEWART. No; we have no right to
do that. It is agreed in our treaty that they
shall come. We must change our treaty stipu-
lations with China before we can pass laws
prohibiting immigration.
Mr. HOWARD. I take it, we are bound to
treat the people of China under our treaty as
we treat the subjects of other Governments
with whom we arc at peace.
Mr. STEWART. This law treats all alike.
I did not intend to talk as long as I have. I
do not want to talk about this matter. I am
exceedingly anxious that we should pass the
bill which has come from the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It is obvious now that any long dis-
cussion will defeat any legislation on the subject.
Those who are desirous to have some legisla-
tion will allow the vote to be taken. I hope
there will be no amendment at all.
I will tell my. friend from California that if
this bill is imperfect and does not reach the
purpose any measures he will submit to the
Judiciary Committee next session that com-
mittee will examine carefully, and will go as far
as may be necessary and proper to accomplish
the object that we all have in view, to prevent
the importation of Chinese coolies, to prevent
any kind of labor being brought to this coun-
try that is not entirely free; because I believe
it should now be the principle of every Amer-
ican that there shall be no mode of servile labor
allowed here to compete with free labor. We
have decreed against slavery; we have determ-
ined that there shall bo no form of barter in
slave labor; and it is important that some
action should be taken at this session, because
it is obvious that there is a movement on foot
to supply this labor in the South.
The action of the convention at Louisville
last fall, the recent proceedings in Charleston,
and the discussions with regard to supplying
the place of the former slave labor of the South
•with this kind of coolie labor, make it import-
ant that Congress should take some step show-
ing its disapprobation of apy such proceed-
ing, because capital will be invested in it, the
country will have its attention directed to sup-
plying labor of this kind, and you have got to
meet the question. It is important to have
some legislation at this session. It we attempt
to do more than we can digest we shall do
nothing. It is obviously wrong to attempt to
pass a bill of this kind without having it care-
fully examined by a committee. The J udiciary
Committee have examined all the propositions
that were before them, and are willing to exam-
ine every proposition submitted; and we should
not be called on to pass upon a long set of
amendments at this late stage of the session
without their having been considered by the
committee. They may run counter to our
views; they may do the thing that we may not
want to do.
Now, I appeal to my friend from California
to let this bill pass. Let the country under-
stand that we do not intend that, servile labor
shall be imported here to compete with free
labor. Free labor is the motto of this country ;
free labor is the power of this country. From
free labor we have free schools and free men.
Ourpower and our prosperity depend upon free
labor and on making labor honorable. While
we admit men of all nations that come here
who are free, and who wish to labor in a tree
country, we are unalterably opposed to any
form of slave labor, we are unalterably opposed
to the importation of any people to be bound
by contracts that render them less than free.
Let the South work out her problem with her
free labor. She is prospering to day. She does
Hot want this labor there. Let Massachusetts
continue to demonstrate that free labor is the
best labor in the world, as she has demonstrated
it. They ,do not want any labor there that is
bound by time contracts.-
. This bill is much more comprehensive than
would be supposed, because any contract by
whieh these Chinese are importedmust provide
for their passage-money; one of the consider-
ationsof that contract must be passage-money,
because they must be brought here before they
can be used as slaves here. I say a part of
the consideration jnustbe the passage-money ;
and the bill says if that is the consideration it
is illegal; and under the well-known rules of
law a court will reach out after an illegal con-
tract, a contract any part of the consideration
of which is illegal. It is better to have it in
general language, because the court is untram-
meled and will' go to the bottom. Under the
rules of law in all criminal and civil proceed-
ings where the contract is illegal the real con-
sideration can be shown, and no matter how
many tricks they may fix up, how many aliases
of contracts, if the real consideration of the
contract be passage-money, and the terms of
the contract require a longer period of service
than six months, it is illegal, I do not care
what the contract says on its face. This bill
is much more sweeping than it would be if you
attempted to specify, because the courts reach
out the strong arm and look after the illegal
consideration ot the contrast, and it is open to
parol evidence and all sorts of evidence as to
the illegal consideration. That is the law. The
Judiciary Committee examined it aud inserted
these words, whereby by general expression the
evil can be reached, -whereas if you attempt to
specify too closely you will limit the operation
of the law. _ •
I believe that nobody objects to this partic-
ular bill. Let it pass. Then, if other legisla-
tion should bo had, it will be time enough to
pass it hereafter when we see its necessity.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I voted against
the ratification of the Chinese treaty. If the
honorable Senator from Nevada will move to
make all contracts for the introduction of the
Chinese into this country illegal and void I
will vote for it. I am for keeping out the
Chinese absolutely from our continent as well
as from our community. We are informed that
the Chinese have a language without an alpha-
bet, a religion without a God, and death with-
out immortality. I am utterly opposed and
averse to their civilization and to their pagan-
ism ; but there is a feature connected with this
subject that is much more appalling to me than
these, and that is their vast numbers.
The Chinese empire now contains about one
third of the population of the earth, something
like four hundred and fifty million human be-
ings. 1 am one of the men, however humble my
opinion may be, who believe that the Almighty
maker of the universe and of mankind has mado
races differing in their character, in their intel-
lectual, moral, and physical structure. He has
established castes by the work of His creation :
and man, puny man, cannot break down those
castes. I admit that in what is called the Cau-
casian population there are no castes; they
belong to the same family ; they are capable
of ready and of permanent miscegenation and
assimilation. I am for opening the portals of
our nation to all the European races; but I am
for an embargo and total exclusion of all other
races, and especially the Chinese race.
Mr. President, it has not been many years
since immigration commenced from China to
our western coast. We are informed now that
there are about one hundred thousand of the
Chinese race upon that slope. That is a much
more rapid, large, and threatening immigra-
tion than poured into this continent liom
Europe for many, many long years after immi-
gration to it commenced from Europe. IIow
long would it take an empire of four hundred
and fifty million people, that have scarcely
room to live and to breathe m their own coun-
