1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
1 he latter motion was agreed to.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR F1SSSKNDEN.
^r- MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
llesolved, That there be printed in pamphlet form,
for the use of the House, ten tnousand copies of the
obituary addresses delivered in the two Houses on
the occasion of the announcement of the decease of
Hon. W llham Pitt Fessenden.in addition to the num-
ber already ordered by the joint resolution of the
benate and the House of Representatives.
employm13ist of clerks.
Mr. ARNELL. The Committee on Accounts
have directed me to make a report in answer
to variou's resolutions passed by this House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the following committees be au-
thorized to employ clerks during the second session
of the Fortieth-First. Congress, at the sa'ary of *4 80
Banking and Currency; Commerce;
P°st Office and Post Roads; ltailways
and Canals; Indian Affairs; Foreign Affairs; Prrnt-
i?81 Census; Territories; District of Colum-
bia; who shall perform the duties of clerk for the
(vommittee on Retrenchment; Education and Labor:
Mines and Mining; who shall perform the duties of
Committee on the Pacific Railroad;
l&evision 01 tne Laws; Reconstruction: Manufac-
tures.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the report be
adopted 5 and on that motion I call for the pre-
vious question..
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
J move that the House do now adjourn.
This will give us au opportunity to look over
the list submitted by the Committee on Ac-
counts.
BUSINESS OP TO-MORROW.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] will allow me to
ask unanimous consent again to propose an
arrangement for to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection.
_ Mr. RANDALL. I beg to withdraw the ob-
jection which I formerly made to the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck;]
and in doing so I desire to say a word in my
own defense. I want to have the document I
referred to, the report of the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, printed at the earliest
moment, so that the arguments and the con-
clusions of that gentleman may be the better
refuted, and so that those who are disposed to
concur with him may the better see the statistics
and grounds on which he bases his recommend-
ations. I desire that this document shall be
printed before the adjournment. But if the
urging of this is going to interfere with the work
of the House to-morrow, without resulting in
the object I had^in view, I shall not press it.
Mr. KBLLBY. I would suggest to my col-
league that the true way to expedite the print-
ing of that report is to leave it with the Com-
mittee on Piinting.
Mr. RANDALL. It goes there without u,
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stale, for
the information of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] and lest there should
be any misunderstanding on the subject, how
this matter stands. The report of the Spccial
Commissioner of the Revenue came as an ex-
ecutive communication, and as such was taken
lroin the Speaker's table yesterday and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. It is
the umforrn practice to order all executive
communications to be printed ; hut this does
not embrace the printing of an extra number
of copies, which must be decided on by the
Committee on Printing. But of all executive
comnjiirneafcions the usual number of copies is
always printed.
fp-SCHENCK. The proposition I make
is mat to-morrow be devoted to debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
'that no business be transacted.
INGERSOLL. I object unless the
gentleman from Ohio will exempt resolutions
calling for information from the Executive.
I desire to bring forward a resolution of that
nature in order that information may be ob-
tained during the recess for the action of the
House immediately on the reassembling of
Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the utmost respect
ior my friend from Illinois, I must say that
those resolutions are very often made to em-
brace preambles and recitals.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is not so in the
present case.
Mr. SCHENCK. _ I have no doubt that the
gentleman's resolution is entirely correct.
Mr. INGERSOLL.^ I object if resolutions
of the class I have indicated ar.e not exempted.
clerks for committees.
I desire to inquire if I have
Mr. ARNELL.
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee made a report from a privileged com-
mittee, and pending his demand for the previous
question upon it the gentleman from Indiana
[Air. Holman] moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me a word?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly j but the ground"
of my motion to adjourn is that we want a little
time to look over the list of committees that
are to be allowed clerks. It is impossible to
understand the resolution from the hasty read-
ing at the desk. The gentleman cannot cer-
tainly object to giving us till to-morrow to
examine his resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object to any debate.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to say that it is
impossible for the clerks of the committees
who have served during the last month to be
paid unless this resolution or a similar one is
passed.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object to debate.
Mr. SCOETELD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee if his resolution enlarges
the number ot clerks to committees we had
last year ?
Mr. ARNELL. No; it decreases the
number.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think we ought to have
until to-morrow to look into this matter, and I
renew the motion to adjourn.
The question was put: and there were—aves
49, noes 59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that there be a call of the House.
No quorum voted on the motion to adjourn.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. A quorum voted on the question of
adjournment.
Ihe question was put and the House refused
to order a call.
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN called for tellers on agreeing
to the resolution.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Mcxgbn and
.dr. Arnell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty-seven, no§s not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reports os national banks.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Itrnnfoed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House with the information
required to be obtained by the Comptroller of the
Currency by section two of the act of March 3
banking a^HnftLns®"th° 1X*P<>rtS of
officers on retired list.
Mr. SCHENCK. The obstruction from the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] being
removed, I now renew my proposition.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman first
allow me to introduce a joint resolution for
reference to a committee? It is simply to do
justice to worn-out soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 97)
permitting Army and Navy officers who are on
the retired list to hold civil offices; which was
read a firs^and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
business for to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose an ad-
journment. I merely wish to have an agree-
ment as to our proceedings to-morrow, and
then gentlemen can go on and introduce bills
and resolutions for the rest of the day. I ask
unanimous consent that the session of to-mor-
row be devoted to general discussion, and that
no business shall be in order except the sign-
ing of enrolled bills and the introduction oi
bills and joint resolutions for reference only,
and not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
equestrian statue of general grant.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 98) donat-
ing cannon for the erection of an equestrian
statue to General U. S. Grant; which was read
a first and second time.
fhe resolution authorizes the Secretary of
War to deliver to J. A. Bailey such cannon as
may be required to make an equestrian statue
m bronze of General U. S. Grant, to be e rected,
free of cost to the United States, on the south
terrace of the Treasury Department of the
United States.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
y which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
T he latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIL'KS OF 1812.
mittedthe^nY'-by una,ni,?ion3 consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read
considered, and adopted: wabreau,
P^sio^s^nd^Wa^of^I&l^b^6 ?n Revolutionary
S&ajps&S&gR
of 1812-15, and that they reportVbill othemis^
NASIIVILLE AND DECATUR RAILROAD.
submiMWnij"1"'' 1 ask ",na?im0lis Consent to
tionmattSfsSeTmS reS°ktl°a f°r C°nsidera-
into by the Nashville and ??et
panywithtlioUnitedJtailroad Com-
chase of material}{"sa°^rtimeat for the jmr-
tive ordeZf 8 ami 0P?Tlai'^s,of the <*<*"-
accounts of saidcomnk^v"r if <l -
dor said contract md eminent, un-
been transmittal to s-tid llavu
tlement in connecting nlntlnS officer? for set-
Pany, to the en""hatarv tul'of>l!d '
due the Government in ascertained to bo
statutes providing fni th ?ifnee Wlt'1 t!lc several
counts ai dniS ,et ?l?OMlem0nt,o/r
and March 3,1 si7 sh4?hr, nl.M'"'oh3.171)7,
with the provi^o;l„frt„° oo!le<it!!d m awordan.v
