298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Mr. KNOTT. 1 object, and call for the
regular order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I renew«the motion
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: .A petition of citizens of
Wayne county, Tennessee, asking for the en-
forcement of law and order in that State.
By Mr. CALKIN: The petition of Simon
Eicliengreen, late private company B, fifty-
second New York volunteers, for arrears of
pension.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition and proof
of Daniel R. Wunderlich, of Chambersburg,
Pennsylvania, for relief for the loss of three
$500 five-twenty bonds, stolen and destroyed
by the rebel army during the capture of Cham-
bersburg in 1864.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: A petition for the
relief of Brevet Major General Robert Ander-
son, from John A. Dix, 15. D. Morgan, and
055 others, citizens of New York and its
vicinity.
Also, a petition of the officers and members
of the Oswego County Medical Society, New
York, for equalization of rank of the staff and
line officers of the Navy.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of James II.
Jacobs, late private company D, fifth regiment
Ohio volunteers, asking for relief.
By Mr. HOAR; The petition of Richard
Epos, of Virginia, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of C. M. Hen-
derson & Co., and others, asking repeal of the
duty on hides.
Also, the petition of William A. Calhous
and others, asking an increase of salary to
letter-carriers.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, for the relief of Brevet Major
General Robert Anderson.
By Mr. MAYNARI) : The petition of Rob-
crtP. Craven, late assistant surgeon third
regiment-Tennessee mounted men, praying for
arrearages of pay.
Also, the petition of Susan R. Choate, widow
of William Choate, deceased, late private com-
pany K, tenth regiment Tennessee cavalry,
praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of John Leinard, of An-
derson county, Tennessee, praying compensa-
tion for building a ferry.
Also_, the petition of Hamilton Ryan, of
Knoxville, Tennessee, praying to be restored
to the pension-roll.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of J. Dyson,
of Philadelphia, for an extension of his patent
for stripping and cleaning the main cylinders
of carding machines, and for returning the
strippings to the same while running.
Also, the petition of Clarinda D. Butcher,
of Philadelphia, widow of Ebenezer Butcher,
company I<, twenty-seventh Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, for a special actgranting her a pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of W. M.
Howard and 50 others, citizens of Walworth
county, Wisconsin, for repeal of the duties on
foreign hides.
Also, the petition of Simon E. Neustadte,
and 65 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, for repeal of the duties on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of W. McWilliams and 41
others, citizens of Waukesha county, Wiscon-
sin, for repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of 0. 0. Van Dusen,
guardian of Willis C. Pratt, of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for a pension.
Also, the petition of James Crugom, of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, for a pension.
By Mr. SAWYER : The memorial of John
H. Miller, and GO others, citizens of Mar-,
quetle comity, Wisconsin, asking for the repeal
of the import duty on foreign hides.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Edwards,
Townsend & Co. and 92 firms and citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, asking that said city may be
made a port of entry.
By Mr. WILKINSON : A petition of citi-
zens of Olmsted county, Minnesota, praying
the repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 22, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D.D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXTENSION OF HOLIDAY RECESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before proceed-
ing to morning-hour business the Chair, in
accordance with the twenty-fourth rule, sub-
mits a concurrent resolution from the House
of Representatives proposing to extend the
recess. The Secretary will report the resolu-
tion.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the recess
provided for by the concurrent votes of the two
Houses, and to commence on the 22d instant, be, and
is hereby, extended from the 5th to Monday, the 10th
day of J anuary next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table until the
Senate shall be somewhat fuller.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be laid on the table until
Senate resolutions are called for.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of William H. Oliver, of Tennessee, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
Thomas P. Wollaston, late of Easton, Talbot
county, Maryland, praying compensation for
services rendered and expenses incurred in the
service of the Government during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that a pension may be
allowed the surviving soldiers of the war of
3S12, and also to the widows of such as are
deceased ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present a
memorial of merchants of New York, in which
they set forth that the staff officers of the Navy,
the surgeons, paymasters, and engineers, are
endeavoring to obtain for themselves such
rights and privileges as seem calculated to prove
detrimental to the proper discipline of the Navy,
and are enlisting the sympathy and assistance
of their professional brethren throughout the
country. They say:
"Wo therefore deem it ineumbenton us, in behalf
of the safety and prosperity of the national eom-
nicrcc, to request most respectfully that your honor-
able body will exercise the greatest caution in intro-
ducing principles into the maritime service which
we apprehend aro fraught with so much danger to
the public welfare."
I desire to have this memorial referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a memorial of sim-
ilar import to that just presented by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, from citizens of New York,
in regard to the line and staff of the Navy, and
I move its reference to the same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. DAVIS presented additional papers in
the case of Elizabeth Carson, of Kentucky;
which with her petition, now on the files of
the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles Rosefield be I
taken from the tiles of thebenate and referred totho
Committee on Claims. I
PARTIAL DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to%hom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 695) making appropriations to
partially supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to appropriate, to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the fiscal year ending on the 30th June, 1870,
the following sums: for compensation and
mileage of the members of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of New Mexico, and
contingent expenses thereof, $15,000; for pub-
lishing the laws in pamphlet form and in news-
papers of the States and Territories, and in
the city of Washington, $36,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 679) making a temporary appro-
priation for the prosecution of the work upon
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids in
the Mississippi river, have instructed me to
report it back and recommend its passage. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous eonsentthe Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to appropriate, to be expended
under the direction and superintendence of the
Secretary of War, forthe purpose of continuing
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapids in the Missis-
sippi river, the sum of $200,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to introduce a
bill of which no previous notice has been given—
I referred to it yesterday, however—entitled a
bill (S. No. 359) to carry out the reconstruc-
tion acts in the State of Virginia and to secure
equality before the law.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce the bill; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. As that subject is already
before the Senate on a report from the Judiciary
Committee, I shall content myself at present
by asking that the bill be printed, and I give
notice that I hope at the proper time to move
it as a substitute for the bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Iho VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No..300) to repeal so much of the statute as
prohibits the State of Virginia from organizing
a militia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 89) providing for the sale of
certain lands in the State of Kansas ceded to
the United States in trust by the Cherokee
nation of Indians; which was read twice by its
referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ROSS submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
JNo. 345) to provide for the settlement and
payment of the expenses incurred by the ter-
ritorial authorities of Montana in the snppres-
S10n Indian hostilities therein during the
year 1867 j which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
CLASSIFICATION OF CLERKS.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
