5386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
try, if they were allowed free permission and
were encouraged to come to the western coast
of our continent, and to migrate there at
their will and pleasure? When they had com-
menced this migration, and had come in
inconsiderable numbers, and returned to their
own country and diffused the information
throughout that vast hive of human beings of
the room for immigration to our country for
them, its salubrity of climate, its fertility of
soil, its mineral resources, the happiness that
they might enjoy if they came to this country
and possessed themselves of it, how long would
it be before they formed a purpose of coming
here to constitute a second Flowery_ Land?
Mr. President, the Chinese can come in num-
bers that would perfectly overflow the Euro-
pean immigration, that would absorb it, that
would take possession, in the course of fifteen
or twenty or thirty or forty years, of that entire
portion of our continent.
Why, Mr. President, gentlemen who have ad-
vocated the immigration and extension of the
rights of citizenship to the Chinese here have
attempted to illustrate and enforce their posi-
tion by the success of giving to the negro race
political power and the right of suffrage. Sir,
that is an experiment which has barely com-
menced ; it is in its germ. Great political ex-
periments are slow in inception, slow in their
progress. It takes generations and centuries
to bring them to maturity and to demonstrate
their fatal consequences upon the peace, lib-
erty, and perpetuity of Stat&s and of nations.
Nothing is proved yet in relation to the polit-
ical rights that have been extended to the Afri-
can race; nothing whatever to illustrate the
problem whether it is safe to extend political
rights to the Chinese race, the Tartar race.
I am for no castes in our country. I am for
free labor, as the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada is. I want no slaves for the future in our
country. I want uo alien or hostile race to
continue internal conflict in our country further
than it is now. If it were practically possible
I would eject the entire negro population from
our land and throw it back ujion Africa. That
is wholly impracticable; but it is a population
limited in numbers, gentle in nature, that has
our civilization, that has received all of its own
civilization by proximity with our country-
men. That people are among us; they must
remain with us, and we must make the best of
them that we can. But when a proposition is
made to introduce other hordes of the same
species of man, and especially to open our-
country to the Chinese and Mongolian, the
Tartar race, and to admit it. irt all its teeming
millions, to come to our land and take posses-
sion of that land, or at least of the western
portion of it, to establish its own civilization,
its own paganism, its own civil polity, its own
absence of all religion, with all the demoral-
izing characteristics which the honorable Sen-
ator from California expressed with so much
truth and force to the Senate to-night; when
the proposition is to inundate that vast and
most valuable portion of our country by such
an immigration as this; and when the result
in the course of a few decades must be to give
over that portion of our country to these
aliens, I am utteily opposed to it.
Mr. President, 1 am for thi owing every pos-
sible obstruction in the way of Chinese immi-
gration to this country of ours. I am for with-
holding from them every political right. I am
for interdicting their ingress to us as far as
treaty stipulations will permit; and whenever
we can abrogate that treaty in good faith, by
the observance of national honor, I am in favor
of eradicating the treaty and laying an absolute
and perpetual interdict upon their ingress into
our country.
Mr. President, the General Government has
the power to prevent any portion of the people
of other nations from coming to our country
whenever it conceives that the welfare of our
people, the perpetuity of our institutions, and
the perpetuation of our Christian civilization,
demand the exercise of such power; and I
have no doubt myself that it is perfectly com-
petent for the Congress of the United Stages
to exercise that power.
Mr. President, I did not come here this
evening with the purpose of saying anything
on this subject. 1 have uttered a few hasty
and crude opinions the rather to express my
position in relation to this momentous question.
I agree with the Senator from California, that
in view of the future in the lifetime of the na-
tion, in the destiny of our countrymen, of our
Government, of our institutions, of our Chris-
tian religion, it is incomparably the greatest
question that has ever been presented to the
mind of American statesmen. I only regret
that the honorable Senator from Nevada
had not proposed to make void and inoper-
ative absolutely all contracts to bring in the
Chinese. I will vote for his proposition. I
will vote for the amendment of the honorable
Senator from California. I will vote for the
most stringent proposition that can be made
which does not infract the ill-omened treaty
which was made in a moment on wild delirium
almost with the Chinese Government. Any
proposition that would not violate the laith
plighted by the nation in that treaty I am
ready to sustain, and that which is most strin-
gent, and which presents the greatest obstruc-
tions to the ingress of the Chinese, I am most
in favor of.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the present bill, for, as I understand it, its
great object is to prevent contracts for the im-
portation of Chinese into this country for long
terms of service, contracts which it seems are
likely to reduce the Chinese when they get to
this country to a sort of servile condition as
laborers. I think we ought to apply the same
principle to the immigration of all other for-
eigners into the United States, and if there be
any danger of similar practices prevailing in
reference to immigrants from other nations the
principle ought to be applied to them.
But, Mr. President, I do not concur by any
means with the remarks made by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky in respect to the
Chinese. They are not barbarians 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not pronounce them bar-
barians ; I said they were pagans. I admit
that they have civilization, and of a very high
order, and of a very ancient date.
Mr. HOWARD. They are pagans in one
sense of the word, but not in the sense in
which that word is ordinarily employed, if I
understand its meaning, and I think I am not
entirely unacquainted with it. Sir, the civil-
ization of China antedates the civilization of
the European races by thousands of years ; and
the honorable Senator from Kentucky knows
as well as the rest of us know that when our
ancestors, the Anglo-Saxon race, and other
races in Europe, were nothing better than bar-
barians, roving through the woods of Germany,
Scandinavia, Gaul, and Hispania, and even
before the foot of a Roman pressed the soil
of Gaul or of Germany, probably the best sys-
tem of civilization oil the face of the globe
prevailed in China, so far as history informs
us. Sir, for hundreds, and I might say almost
a thousand years before the use of the mari-
ner's compass was known to Europeans, the
instrument had been invented and in some
degree perfected, and was in extensive use
among the Chinese navigators ; and before any
European knew anything about the use of gun-
powder the Chinese inventors had made it
and used it; and there are many others of the
important discoveries, so important in modern
times, which antedate European civilization
by hundreds of years, and which were perfectly
familiar to the Chinese in the remotest ages,
so remote as to be almost beyond the ken of
history itself.
Why is such reproachful language lavished
upon that innocent, quiet, and peaceful race ?
The honorable Senator tells us that China and
its dependencies are covered with teeming
millions, with something more than four hun-
dred million people. Can it be said of a coun-
try which sustains such an immence population,
living together in peace and quietude, subsist-
ing by their own arts and industries for untold
thousands of years, that it is unworthy of our
attention; that its people should be interdicted
from approaching our soil; that we should
■erect a Chinese wall against their immigration
hither and exclude them forever from all con-
tact with Americans ? .
Sir, I had a very good friend who lived in
San Francisco several years ago, a lawyer ot
eminence and intelligence, who in the course
of his practice there was brought in contact
with many of the Chinese merchants settled
and in business there, and he told me in all
sincerity and candor that although he was
compelled in his professional intercourse with
them to converse through an interpreter he
never in his life dealt with men of more intel-
ligence, of a broader comprehension of the
interests of their business, or of more exten-
sive knowledge of the condition of commerce,
not only in the United States but in China and
the rest of Asia and throughout the world, than
were those same Chinese merchants.
I do not wish to protract this discussion—I
will not; butl mustsay in behalf of the Chinese
people, numerous as they are, numerous al-
most as the sands of the sea, I grant, (and the
very fact of whose great numbers shows the
excellence of their Government and the good-
ness of their social system,) that I object and dis-
sent totally from the narrow views, the unkind
and inhospitable views which have been pre-
sented 10 us on this subject by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. Sir, the time is com-
ing, and coming rapidly, when we shall have
commercial relations with China of the gravest
importance; when American merchants will
take the place which is now held by English and
other European merchants in reference to the
great trade of China and the rest of the East
Indies. Our Pacific railroad points to this
result, and we have treaties of friendship and
commerce and trade with that immense peo-
ple. Our Government long years ago entered
into a treaty with the Chinese empire, the most
ancient civilized empire to-day upon the face
of the earth, a Government which has re-
mained substantially unchanged for nearly two
thousand years, and which has outlived suc-
cessfully the rise, fall, and extinguishment of
almost every Government of Europe. Sir,
such a people, such a Government are not to
be held in contempt.
We may not be willing in all rcspeets to
commingle with them ; thatisamatter of taste ;
but when the lion orable Senator from Kentucky
prays that an interdict, an embargo shall be
established by which the whole population of
China shall be forever excluded from our shore?
on account of some reason which he has not
seen fit to state very clearly, I must be per-
mitted to enter my respectful protest against
such doctrines. This country is large enough
for all the people who may ever see fit to in-
habit it, and if the Chinaman shall come to the
United States, behave like a citizen of the
United States, peacefully and industriously ;
if like us he shall earn his living honestly and
by the sweat of his brow, I welcome him, and
I do it with cordiality and with a good heart,
and I extend to him the same hand of friend-
ship that I would extend to many other races
that 1 might name.
Now, I hope that we shall come to a vote on
this bill as soon as possible.
Mr. SUMNEIl. It may be remembered, Mr.
President, that in the discussion of the natur-
alization bill, when it was proposed to strike
out the word 11 white,'' Senators said, Do not
make that motion now : there is another bill
(the coolie bill) where itwiilbe more pertinent,
more in place." More than one Senator made
this suggestion. I did n&tsee it so, and 1 peise-
vered. At last the bill is before the Senate, the
very b.ll that was heralded the other evening,
