596
APPENDIX TO THE"CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Morrell.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
he has stated, as alleged, that the sheep of the
country had decreased by reason of the pas-
sage of the wool tariff of 1806, but only that a
decrease of sheep had been experienced since
thattime." A reference to this report shows
that the Commissioner there proclaims the per-
fection of an understanding between certain
wool-growers and woolen manufacturers, by
which the wool tariff was enacted, the features
of which are explained at length. The Commis-
sioner then adds: "Nearly two years have now
elapsed since these measures were consum-
mated, ^giving ample time for experience to test
the principle. And what, to-day, is that experi-
ence?" Within a dozen lines after asking this
question ho assigns as part of that experience
l'a decrease in ihe number of sheep in the
United States." (See page 95.) Relative to the
extent of this decrease up to 1809 I refer the
Commissioner, as did the majority in their
report, to detailed statistics on page 9.'i of the
annual report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture for 1807, and page 40 of the annual
report of the some official for 1808, from which
he will learn that, including "losses from
disease, dogs, wolves," &c., the total decrease
in 1808 was, as stated by the majority, one
million two hundred and sixty-seven thou-
sand six hundred and thirty-three. If these
itemized statistics do not suit the theories of
the Commissioner of the Revenue, ho must seek
relief at tho Department of Agriculture.
STBJtr..
As already explained in the majority report,
the Commissioner's views concerning duties on
foreign steel, and the need of protection hy the
domestic manufacturer, underwent a radical
change from 1807 to 1800. ,In his annual report
for the formeryearhereeomnieuded an increase
in the duties on steel, addiugtliat "if any less
are granted I ho development of amost import-
ant and desirable branch of domestic industry
will be arrested, if not entirely prostrated." He
also said that tho price of foreign steel has
been very considerably reduced through the
effect of tho American competition, and that
the whole country in this way has gained more
than sullicient to counterbalance the tax levied
as a protection for the American steel manu-
facture, which lias grown up uader its influ-
ence. " , "In his repot't'for 1809 ho experiences
a new revelation, and asserts his belief " that
the interests of tho country and of the revenue
alike demand that the existing duties should
he reduced, on tho ground that tliey are at
present excessive and more than are required
to sustain the domestic manufactures in a con-
dition of firm prosperity."
Accompanying this expression of opinion,
he submitted the schedule of a tari0" on steel,
which schedule the majority in their report
showed to be of English origin, in his letter
to the minority, the Commissioner, pressed to
the wall, explains that this schedule was pre-
pared, " at the request of the Special Commis-
sioner," by Sir. George J. Abbott, United States
consul at Sheffield, and was partly the result
of "consultation with experts." What ex-
perts? There are uo experts in Sheffield ex-
cept the sled makers, and by his own confes-
sion these are the people whom he selects to
prepare a schedule of duties to be levied upon
their own commodity when brought into Amer-
ican ports, to compctc with the productsof our
infant steel manufactures. If it is fit and proper
that, a consul of the United States, at the "ic-
quest" of a Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, should solicit the aid of English steel-
makers to enable him to frame the schedule
of a tariff on English steel, would it not be
equally proper to have the whole of our tariff
on imported goods prepared by our consuls
abroad, with the help of foreign manufacturers?
s U.T.
The Commissioner devotes over four printed
pages of his letter to a defense of his previous
statements concerning salt and salt-makers.
In his annual report (page 42) he said that the
farmer finds that he can purchase salt " in
Liverpool or Cadiz, and lay it down in the
United States, at from fifteen to twenty cents
per bushel; but the Government, through its
currency and its tariff, has imposed such a tax
upon it as to make it better for him to pay
from forty to forty-five cents per bushel for
American salt." Waiving the argument that
the Government is not responsible for its cur-
rency, and that the tariff on salt is necessary
for revenue if not for protection, the major-
ity denied that the Commissioner correctly
quoted the prices of salt, both foreign and
domestic, and asserted that, "measured hy a
gold standard, salt is cheaper to-day than it
was in I860." The authority of the com-
mittee for this statement was my honorable
friend from the great salt district of Now York,
[Mr. McCarthy,] who, in a speech delivered
in this House March 11, 1870, said:
"Salt, the domestic production of which has in-
creased from twelve to twenty million bushels, and
tho foreign diminished only about ono and a half
millions under tho present tariff, has fallen in price
by reason of domestic competition to a lower point
than it was in 18G0 in mot,tofthe leading markets of
tho country. Ill New York in lSBOforeign saltsold
at twenty-three cents per bushel in gold; to-day
domestic salt is twenty-three cents in currency. In
Boston in 1800 foreign salt sold at twenty-five cents
in gold; to-day domestic suit in Boston is twenty-
eight. cents in currency. In Cleveland domcsl ic salt
in ISO!) sold ill. tlnrt>-t\vo cents in hold; to-day
domestic salt in Cleveland sells for thirly-lour cents
in currency. In Toledo in 18(10 domestic salt sold for
thirty-three cents in gold; to-day doniestiesiilt sells
there for t hirly-tliroo cents in currency. In Detroit
in 1800salt was thirty-three mid a half'cents in gold;
to-il;iy thirty-four cents currency. Chicago. I860,
t liirty-two iiml it half cents in gold; to-day thirty-
four cents currency. Thus the tact is demons!rated
that domestic production has overcome tho advance
by tho taritl", and nnido salt cheaper genorally
thronghout the country; in tho West especially,
cheaper than either foreign or domestic salt from
1S30 to 1800."
The Commissioner now defends the quota-
tions in his annual report, and quotes among
others tho authority of Messrs. Woodruff mid
li.obinson,whom he declares to bo "well known
as among the largest and most respectables of
the dealers in salt in the city of New York."
Ho says a transcript from tho books of these
gentlemen,1 'for theyear 1809,shows the average
prieo of a measured bushel of domestic salt of
sixty-eight pounds, as compared with the price
of Liverpool ground suit, to have been not less
than thirty-seven and a half cents." In his an-
nual report American salt cost " from forty to
forty-five cents;" now it costs "thirty-seven
and a half cents." Until the Commissioner ree-
conciles his own quotations it will not bo neces-
sary to inquire further into his quarrel with Jir.
McCarthy's figures. Mr. McCarthy lives in a
salt district, and knows all about the salt busi-
ness, while it is evident that the Commissioner
depends for his information on those who arc
interested in the sale of foreign salt.
Tho Commissioner, in his letter, very gen-
erously allows Mr. Duncan Stewart to blow a
very loud horn, but does not correct his own
error, which was exposed by the majority, iti
calling Mr. Stewart president of an association
of which lie was riot even a member. Mr. H.
M. h'itzhugh is the president of that associa-
tion, which represents the makers of over two
million bushels of salt in 1809, while.Mr. Stew-
art is president of a company which made less
than fifty thousand bushels. In view of tho
general course of the Commissioner, it is not
at all singular that the real representative of a
large interest should have been so dillicult to
find, while a small manufacturer is bolstered
up by a large title that never belonged to him.
I.CMBEK.
The Commissioner devotes four pages to
lumber. He divides what he has to say, as
he did in his annual report, into two heads.
Under the first he says that his meaning and
intention in his annual report were " to show
that the increase in the price of lumber since
the commencement of the war has been far in
excess of the average advance in the price
of labor and other commodities," and asks,
"Does any one doubt this?" I do, and point
to the fact that the Commissioner nowhere
gives a comparative table of prices of "labor
and other commodities." Instead of this he
quotes the low price of lumber in Chicago in
1861, when the war panic had reduced all com-
modities, lumber among the rest, to prices far
below the cost of production, and compares
it with the prices in the years immediately fol-
lowing the close of the war. If the Commis-
sioner had included in his quotations of the
prices of lumber the rates which obtained in
the latter part of the year 1808 and the whole
of the year 1809 his assertion, as the majority
showed, would have been proved untrue, not-
withstanding the unfairness of his quotation,
as a basis of comparison, of the panic prices
of 1861. But he suppressed those rates in his
annual report, and again suppresses them iu
his letter to the minority. Of course just after
tho close of the war lumber ruled high in
Chicago and elsewhere, but the Commissioner
does not state, as he should have stated, that
the prices of all other commodities were at tho
same time proportionally high.
The second point made by the Commissioner
is, that "the duty on the importation of Ca-
nadian lumber falls wholly on the American
consumer." The majority in their report
showed most conclusively that lumber is now
selling in Chicago, after making due allowance
for tho premium on gold, at prices as low as
prevailed in 18GS, 1SGI, and 18G5, in which
years there was no duty imposed on Canadian
lumber, and in this naked fact, which the Com-
missioner fails to recognize, lies the full refu-
tation of the Commissioner's bold assumption.
I repeat the remark made by the majority in
their report, that " our annual imports of lum-
ber from Canada into Chicago, either under the
terms of the reciprocity treaty or under the duty
of twenty per cent., have been the merest trifle
when compared with the home product. To
repeal the duty now imposed on foreign lumber
would benefit no one but the foreign producer,
while the Government would have to look else-
where for tho revenue now derived from that
source."
A singular infelicity is characteristic of many
of the citations employed by the Commissioner
to prove his positions, but nowhere in his vol-
uminous utterances is this feature more appar-
ent than in the closing paragraphs of his chap-
ter on lumber just referred to. Somebody,
whose name is not given, writes to the Com-
missioner from Oshkosh, Wisconsin, a doleful
lamentation about the consequences which
would result to certain of his employfis whoso
wages he had "been obliged to reduce." He
lays the blame on the tariff instead of the true
cause, and says, "In my opinion, unless tho
general business of the country improves, and
the cost of living decreases by removing your
tariff from articles consumed by the poor, the
laboring poor are destined to see harder times
than they have seen in this country." Now, it
so happens that among the " articles consumed
by the poor" are coffee, sugar, tea, and mo-
lasses, and upon these articles the Commis-
sioner insists upon imposing a high duty, (see
his last annual report, page 12U,) while the
Republican members of this House proposed
and carried through a reduction of the duty
now imposed.
GROWTH OF iiAM'i-'AOTUItES.
The late Commissioner, in his reply relative
to the growth of manufactures under the exist-
ing tariff, scarcely attempts a lef'utat.ion of
the facts presented in the majority report. Hp
