1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
poration, which now, so many years after the
completion of its road, holds on with a greedy
grasp to about two thirds of the original grant.
It is the great enhancement of the value of
this land grant in their hands that makes the
company so wealthy. The policy which is
proposed by the resolution which I advocate
will prevent the occurrence of another instance
of the kind so long as it is maintained. With
that proviso in these land grants it will be im-
possible for the railroad companies to grind
the faces of the poor settlers, to retard the
development and settlement of the country,
and to shift the burdens of taxation from their
moiety of wild lands on to the improved farms
adjoining them ; and under its operation they
will not hereafter reap where they have not
sown by pocketing the enhanced value of their
lands, resulting from the expenditures and
toils of the farmers who have purchased the
adjacent lands of the Government and im-
proved them.
But with all these evils, and whatever others
may be suggested, I venture the opinion that
the State of Illinois is much better off, much
further along in the path of the progress of the
latter half of the nineteenth century, than it
wonld have been had that grant never been
made. In estimating its beneficial influence
we most not limit our view to the direct effects
of tbat road, but extend it to comprehend the
general stimulus given to the spirit of enter-
prise which resulted in the inaugnration of
numerous other roads, and to the unprece-
dented increase of the population and wealth
of the State of Illinois and the outlying regions.
The city of Chicago is the index which shows
the influence and the power of that railroad
movement in the settlement and development
of the West. She was not a very large town
when that movement began. She is now a
mighty city with no rival west of the mount-
ains among those cities of wonderfully rapid
growth which date their birth way back in the
last century. She has risen as if by magic
under the fostering influence of the railroad
power, which has proved more potential in her
behalf than all natural advantages whatever
concentrated elsewhere. The railroad king
has founded a greater metropolis in the North-
west than Alexander built for himself in the
Delta of Egypt in ancient times, although he
despoiled conqnered kingdoms and transported
the population of entire provinces to that mag-
nificent capital of the eastern world. More
powerful than the great Czar, who in modem
times wielded the energies and the wealth
of a mighty empire to found and furnish a cap-
ital whose grandeur should adequately express
the extent of the dominions over which he held
absolute sway.
But let me present to the consideration of
the Senate and the country an example of the
beneficial effects of land grants free from the
complication of other influences which might
be thought to have had a share in the develop-
ment of Illinois and Chicago. I come to speak
now of Iowa, my own State, to which allusion
was made the other day in such handsome
terms by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stew-
art.,]' I may be permitted to enforce my views
on this matter by reference to her history, of
which I have had a personal knowledge from
the beginning, when most of her soil was occu-
pied and owned by Indian tribes, and long
before railroads reached the western prairies.
I left Ohio when the distinguished Senator
[Mr. Thurman] who so earnestly opposed the
policy of grants of government lands for rail-
roads was just beginning to attract the atten-
tion of the people of tbat State as a rising
man of much promise. The anticipations of
his friends in that day have been amply real-
ized. He stands before the conntry to-day
with a national reputation and a high character
for ability and integrity which. I appreciate and
respect, while I deplore the fact that his great
influence and ability are arrayed against a policy
which I regard as'eseential to the best interests
of the widespread regions of the West and
Southwest, and indeed of the entire country.
It is painful to see the first-born of the States
of the Northwest, in her mature pride of wealth,
population, and power, turn against her younger
sisters and seek to influence the paterfamilias
to send them forth dowerless upon the world
to make their way as best they can. The hard-
ships of her own early days ought to have filled
Ohio with sympathy for the younger members
of the Union, rather than hardened her against
them.
Bat I was speaking of Iowa. Years of trial
and hardship and despondency passed on, with-
out means of communication with the outside
world and without thoroughfares of transport-
ation and travel within our borders. We had
no reliable markets at home and nothing that
we raised would pay the expense of transport-
ation to markets abroad. Pork sold, whenever
anybody could be found to buy it, at from one
to two dollars a hundred in the interior, and
other things in proportion. These prices fur-
nished no great encouragement for extensive
farming operations, and, as a matter of course,
farming was not prosecuted on a very extensive
scale. Still there was increase of population
and of prices, and hope, long deferred, gradu-
ally quickened in our breasts as the railroads
began to stretch out in our direction. They
came at last, and a new era of enterprise and
prosperity dawned upon our people. Down
to the present time two thousand miles of
railroad have been completed in the State,
all by the aid of lands granted by the Govern-
ment for that purpose. According to the
statement of Governor Merrill, in his late
annual message* the land granted to Iowa
amounts to one fourth the entire area of the
State. In a compact body the area of these
land grants to the State of Iowa would equal
the States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Rhode Island combined. That is an immense,
grant of lands in the aggregate. Immense,
too, in proportion to the area of the State in
which and for the benefit of which it was
granted. Has the policy been disastrous to
the interests of the people of Iowa? Has it
been injurious to the Government and people
of the United States? The State is free from
debt; has a population of over a million, and
taxable property (returned by the assessors
at a rate not to exceed one half its actual
value) to the amount of $300,000,000. Here
are men and means ample and abundant.
What other disposition of her wild lands could
by any possibility have furnished such a fund
and such a force for the support of the Gov-
ernment in peace and for its defense in war ?
I call the attention of Senators to the alleged
disastrous policy of these land grants viewed
in the light of such facts. Does not the mere
statement of these unquestioned facts, histor-
ical and statistical, furnish a complete refuta-
tion of the labored arguments of gentlemen
against this mode of disposing of a portion
of the public lands? is it wise to receive
rhetoric in lieu of reason; to accept speculation
in preference to demonstration; vaticinations
of results of a policy rather than the actual
results already realized ?
The policy which has proved so beneficent
to the State of Iowa and so remunerative to the
General Government ought to prove equally so
when applied to Minnesota, Dakota, Arkansas,
and all the western and southwestern portions
of the country. If not, why not?
But we are exhorted to abandon and repudi-
ate this policy in order that we may keep these
wild lands in a state of nature for the benefit
of posterity. And we are told that the time
will come when we shall have a population of
hundreds of millions, and no lands left for the
needy. Now, in response to this I have to say,
in the first place, that the position implies that
it is better tor the country that the West should
remain in the condition of Dakota, without pop-
ulation or improvements, rather than progress
to the present productive condition of Iowa. I
If that position be sound, then our policy has
been wrong from the beginning. The Alle-
ghany mountains, not the far-distant shores of
the Pacific, should to-day mark the present
western limits of settlement.
This idea of repressing emigration to the
West, and denying that section the aid of Gov-
ernment, even to a very limited extent, in con-
structing the most potent civilizing instrument-
ality known to any age for the encouragement
of emigration and the development of material
resources, seems to be not only unwise but
preposterous. Why, sir, in this day and age
of the world people, whether rich or poor, will
not emigrate and settle where there are no rail-
roads and no hope of their speedy construction.
The homestead law stands, and will stand, with
its great boon of lands for the landless; but the
landless cannot be coaxed to go and settle lands
where the sound of the whistle of the locomo-
tive is not likely to wake the echoes of the
wilderness in their lifetime. Poor men who
propose to buy lands prefer to give $2 50 an
acre for land within ten miles of a railroad
rather than $1 25 for land a hundred or a
thousand miles off. And they would put up
with eighty acres of land near a railroad where
its value would double every two or three years
rather than take a hundred and sixty so far
from railroads that there could be no hope of
a rise in value in their day.
The Senater from Ohio has a tender regard
for the interests of our great grandchildren, and
champions a policy which will block the march
of settlement and civilization to the West, in
order that our descendants may enter upon
the lands of the Government and cultivate the
virgin soil. His policy would compel the nation
to personate Rip Van Winkle in the legend of
Sleepy Hollow, and snooze away for sixty years
to come, in order to retain the wild lands of the
Government to provide homes for posterity.
The miserly hoarding of money that might have
been put out to use is condemned in Scripture
as an abuse of the gifts of Providence. How
much more worthy of condemnation is this
withholding from use and occupation these
lands of the Government!
The time will come, we were told by the
Senator, sixty years hence,when we shall have
a population of two hundred millions, and no
land for them to settle on. The Senator vati-
cinates the future from the past. I will do the
same, and draw on illustrative facts and figures,
not entirely impersonal, but of a general bear-
ing upon the question. My ancestry a few gen-
erations ago came over the ocean. My father
was brought up in New Jersey, I in Ohio, my
children in Iowa, and the eldest of them has
already settled in Arkansas. In my father's
youth Iowa and Arkansas were beyond the
limits of the United States and belonged to
France. Since that day the area of our entire
country has been more than trebled, without
connting Alaska, and we have many million
more acres of land to sell than we had then.
What has happened in the ordinary course of
nature and national development is more than
likely to happen again, we may assume, without
any special appeal to manifest-destiny doctrine.
Why, sir, at that rate the halls of the Mon-
tezumas may echo the footsteps of my grand-
children, and sixty years hence they may come
back as Senators from States of this expand-
ing Republic to take their seats in this Capitol.
No, not here, but to that splendid structure
which will then tower in magnificent propor-
tions on the western bank of the Father of
Waters; it may be on the beautiful and com-
manding site of the city of my residence,
overlooking three States of the union. But
whether here or there or elsewhere those future
Senators will find, no doubt, descendants of
other Senators hailing from the annexed Do-
minion of Canada ana from States of the Red
river country.
What is true and what is possible in the case
referred to may be probable and true, for all
the purposes of my argument, in the case of
