1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4443
Mr. WILKINSON addressed the House.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, those of us who
believe that the facts in the ease of the Cuban
insurrection andtjjelawofnations, as explained
by both American and European precedents,
will justify this House in adopting the very mild
resolution reported by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs find ourselves, at the
eleventh hour, confronted by the arguments
of a debater who reasons from the very great
vantage-ground of the White House. For one,
however, I shall not permit even that power-
ful circumstance to unduly sway my convictions
or change my determination. I desjre to speak
with all proper respect of a President of my
party faith, and selected in part by my vote,
but I cannot, because he is President, agree
•with him in all his conclusions, or fail to criti-
cise his reasoning.
The correct constitutional function of the
President is simply to communicate informa-
tion to us. If beyond thishe chooses to disrobe
himself of the executive mantle and enter the
arena of debate with the Representatives of the
people, he must expect his logic and his law
to be as closely scrutinized as if he were not
the President of forty million people.
Sir, for the purposes of this argument I
accept as literally and exactly true the state-
ment of facts with regard to Cuba made by the
President of the United States in his argu-
ment against the pending resolution submitted
to the House yesterday, and from that state-
ment of facts I draw an entirely different con-
clusion from that reached by him. There has
been, according to his statement, an insurrec-
tion against the power of Spain existing in the
island of Cuba for a year and a half past, an
insurrection which does not, to use the lan-
guage of the President's message—
"Possess tliose elements which are requisite to
constitute war in the sense of international law."
Because—I quote again from the message-
"The insurgents hold no town or city, have no
established seat of Government, no prize courts, no
organization for the receiving and collecting of rev-
enue, no sea-ports, no commerce, no trade, either in-
ternal or foreign, no manufactures, no arms to exceed
ten thousand stand, and no armies except small and
roving bands, who attack Spanish troops from ain-
bush, and roam without concentration through the
woods and sparsely populated regions."
Sir, as weak, as poor, and as hopeless as is
this Cuban insurrection, according to the state
ments of the President, there appears to be
something weaker, poorer, and more hopeless,
and that is the Government which, after a year
and a half of desperate effort, has confessedly
failed to suppress it. If we have an insurrec-
tionary force which does not rise to the pro-
portions of a belligerent Power we have also
a belligerent Power which, with the ports and
arsenals of Europe and America at its com-
mand, has failed to achieve the subjection of
this insurrectionary force.
In this peculiar condition of affairs, where
inability to hold towns on the part of the Cu-
bans is balanced by inability to conquer and
occupy the insurgent country by the Spaniards,
where Spanish cruelty is met by equal Cuban
severity, what is theduty of this Government,
yhich claims to be humane, and which ought
to be impartial. , .
Clearly, if the obligations of international law
prohibit us from helping the patriot Cubans, the
obligations of justice aud humanity, and the
remembrance of our own struggles should pre-
vent us from aiding the tyrannous Spaniards,
Clearly, a just Government ought not to stop
every vessel suspected of a purpose to convey
armed Cubans from our shores to the place
of the struggle, and then taunt those whom it.
detains because they linger in our country,
from whence we will not permit them to de-
part, except they go to a Spanish port and a
welcoming scaffold. ,
Before suggesting that which m my judg-
rnent we can do and ought to do, I refer again
to the fact that the President asks us in effect
to afford no opportunity to the wandering guer-
rilla bands of Cuba to organize into effective
and well-armedJ,egions. He asks us to exclude
the insurgents from all facilities of obtaining
the navy, whose absence is made a cause of
complaint against them. He asks us to secure
by these means to Spain those Cuban ports,
through which alone the patriots could make
sure of obtaining the arms and ammunition for
the non-possession of which they fail, in his
opinion, to reach the position of belligerents.
He says, in effect, that we ought to help Spain
keep from Cuba those attributes of sovereignty
for the want of which we must fail to recog-
nize the struggling republic, and he cites the
writings of Washington and Jefferson, and John
Adams and Madison to sustain his suggestions.
Sir, neither of the first four Presidents of
this Republic was called to deal with such a
question as is now presented. The discussion
of the duty of neutrality in the State papers
of Mr. Jefferson, to which President Grant
refers, was suggested by the expedition of
Aaron Burr, and was confined to the case of
armed expeditions fitted out upon our soil to
invade, for the purposes of conquest, a neigh-
boring State not in a condition of insurrection
against its rulers. If the Mexican had been
warring against Spain when Aaron Burr pro-
jected his expedition, and President Jefferson
had permitted Spain to buy fleets and equip
armies in our sea-ports, there would be a similar-
ity. The policy of Washington, which the Pres-
ident cites, consisted of the well-known warn-
ing against entangling alliances with European
Powers. Sir, the friends of Cuba propose no
entangling alliances with any European Power.
It is this Administration which has already
made a practical and a disgraceful alliance with
Spain to assist in the suppression of the Cuban
insurrection.
If, to use the language of President Grant,
"since the days of John Quincy Adams it has
been one of the constant cares of government
in the United States to prevent piratical expe-
ditions against the feeble Spanish-American
republics from leaving our shores," it is a
pity that this constant care was so relaxed that
in December last a piratical expedition of
thirty gun-boats and their officers and crews
against the feeble Spanish-American republic
of Cuba was permitted to leave our shores in
daylight, not only against express law, but in
defiance of the indignant protest of the Ameri-
can people.
The President quotes a sentence of Mr.
Monroe as determining the rule with regard to
recognizing a new Power; but this is not a case
of recognizing the independence of Cuba; it is
a proposition to admit the simple fact that
there is some sort of protracted resistance to
Spanish rule in Cuba which the Spanish Gov-
ernment has confessedly proved itself unable
to overcome.
If the President had examined the history
of the acts of his predecessors as carefully as
he seems to have perused their detached and
abstract declarations he would have learned
(hat we recognized the independence of and
accorded belligerent rights to the republic of
Colombia when Spanish troops overran its
domain, when its leader had been driven from
the country, and its war for liberty looked less
promising than does that of Cuba to-day. We
recognized the independence of Venezuela and
sent a minister to represent us there a year
before the first legislative body of that repub-
lic was erected, and when there were less than
five thousand men in arms against the forces
■of Spain. We stopped French shipments of
arms from San Francisco, and sent a minister
to the republic of Mexico when^ Maximilian
held evgry sea-port and every city, and the
changing camp of Juarez in the mountains was
the o'nly seat of Government of the republic.
Admitting always that belligerency was a
fact, whose existence was to be decided by
evidence, we have reserved nevertheless to
ourselves the right to determine how much
evidence was needed to convince us of the fact,
and until now we have always taken into con-
sideration the character of the country and the
character of the people and the character of
the contest. No writer on international law
has furnished a Procrustean bed upon which
all cases can be fitted. The President tells us
that—
"Even fierce and protracted fighting does noteon-
stitutowar; but that there must be military forces
acting in aceordancc with the rules and customs of
war, flags of truce, cartels, and exchange of pris-
oners."
But suppose, as is the case in Cuba, the mil-
itary forces of the regular Government refuse
exchange of prisoners, decline cartels, exe-
cute the bearers of flags of truce, and deliber-
ately defy the rules and customs of war, what
is left for the other party but to do the same?
And if by this uncivilized and horrible conduct
both parties become exhausted, and their armies
mutually exterminated, is it therefore to be
said that there has been no belligerence because
there has been no contest ?
We are further told by the President that if
we recognize Cuba as a belligerent our ships
in the Caribbean sea will be subject to search
by Spain, and seizure, if found to contain arti-
cles contraband of war. Well, sir, they arc
subjected to search now and to seizure whether
they contain articles contraband of war or not.
The Lloyd Aspinwall was seized, not in Span-
ish waters, but upon the high seas, taken into
Havana, detained two months, and then dis-
charged without any compensation or likelihood
of compensation for detention or damages,
although nothing whatever of a contraband
character was found on board. The Mary Low-
ell was seized in April, 1809, a hundred miles
from the Cuban coast, while on a peaceful voy-
age to Vera Cruz, and without any contraband
of war on board. She was taken into Havana,
and her cargo confiscated, and no reparation
has ever been made. There are many other
similar cases, and in all of them, we are in-
formed, there has been solemn protest and
demand for proper reparation; and in all of
them, the President might have added, we have
secured the very largest amount of diplomatic
courtesy, the very smallest amount of apology,
and no money at all.
We are told by the President of the United
States that " Cuban bonds have been prepared
to a large amount whose payment is made de-
pendent upon the recognition by the United
States of either Cuban belligerency or inde-
pendence ; " and it is added that "the object
of making their value thus contingent upon the
action of this Government is a subject for seri-
ous reflection." If thePresident means by this
that we ought in the interest of Spain to keep
from the Cubans the possibility of borrowing
money with which to buy arms to continue the
contest I differ with him as to the extent of our
obligations to Spain. If he means that we
ought to be careful of our own reputations, lest
the world shall think that we have some Cuban
bonds whose value will depend upon our action,
I would respectfully suggest that the story still
passes current and unchallenged that Sidney
Webster, the son-in-law of the Secretary of
State, received a very large fee in gold for pro-
fessional services in inducing his father-in-law
to order the release of the Spanish gun-boats,
and that a decent respcct for the opinions of
mankind would have indicated to Hon. Ham-
ilton Fish the proprietyof disembarrassing the
Administration of the effect of this slander
either by denial or resignation.
Sir, I am filled with shame and regret at
the course of this Administration toward the
struggling people of Cuba. From the violation
alike of the neutrality- laws and the duty of
impartiality indicated in the release of the gun-
boats and the detention of the Hornet, down
to this last and most unusual step of sending
a brief into Congress to influenced action
upon a pending proposition, the spirit of Span-
ish interests and Spanish unfairness seems to
have held high carnival in the State Department,
and influenced the course of the Executive.
