1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3499
tfldridge, Farnswortli, Finkelnburer, Gotii, Gnswold.
]i„jeht, Hftldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hny,
Hellin, Holuian, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Knott. Laflin. Lewis, Logan, Mayham, McNeely.
Muncen, Niblack, Peters,Pomeroy, Potter, Randall,
Rioe Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrofl, Shober, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Wortbington C. Smith, William
Smyth,Stiles, Swann, Sweeney .Trimble, Van Trump,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Wood, and
VOTING—Messrs. Bird, Boles, Bowen, Rod-
erick B. Butler, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cuvode. Culloui, Davis, Degener, Dookery, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox.Gilfillan, Hale, Haipbleton, H eaton.Hoge,
Jenokes, Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Kerr.Ivnapp,
Marshall. McCormick, McCrary,Morgan, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, Palmer, Phelps, Porter,
Beeves,Ridgway.Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Stone,
Strader. Taffe, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wells, Whitmore, and
Witcher—60.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have modified the reso-
lution, and send it to the desk to be read as
modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beiolved, That when the House shall be at any
time in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order, House bill No. 1068,
being a bill to amend existing laws relating to the
duties on imports and for other purposes, it may
direct any portion of the bill relating to the same
general or kindred subject to be read preparatory
to amendment and discussion thereof, and may, on
motion, order all debate on such part to cease at the
expiration of the time indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. If that is objected to, I
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
ask the gentleman what he considers would
be covered by the expression "or kindred
subject?"
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know if the gen-
tleman from New York and myself would or
would not always agree to what was a ''kindred
subject." That would be a matter for the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole to
determine at any time when a question of
order was raised. I should think that when a
paragraph relating to iron was before the House
all the paragraphs relating to iron would be
considered of a kindred nature. And so as
regards the paragraphs relatingto steel. And
in the same way when we come to the matter
of lumber, I should think all paragraphs and
amendments relatingto saw-logs,shingles,clap-
boards, plank, &c., would come in. I do not
suppose that there can be any practical diffi-
culty about this matter.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I understand that no amend-
ments are in order, changing existing rates of
duty upon any article not included in the bill,
until we reach the end of the section we are now
considering. I ask whether or not it would be
in the power of a majority of the Committee of
the Whole, by cutting off debate when the last
paragraph of this section is reached, to pre-
vent any debate on amendments which might
be offered in regard to salt, coal, and many
other things ? If the resolution would not have
that effect I have no objection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that my colleague
on the committee whohas just spoken, and other
gentlemen here, ought to trust, something to the
organ of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who has been managing this bill before the
House. If there is any one thing in which my
coursehasbeen here criticised, andabout which
1 have been found fault with, it is that I have
been too liberal and allowed too much latitude
to debate, so as unduly to protract it. Now, I
will say to the gentleman that if any attempt
is made to cut off an opportunity for debate or
amendments such as the gentleman has indi-
cated he will find me voting with him to pre-
vent it. I think the gentleman ought to know
this.
Mr. ALLTSON. I do not object, then, to the
Resolution.
Mr. PETERS. Allow me a moment to state
my objection. We have gone through the
parts of the bill in relation to iron and steel,
and in relation to woolens and cottons, and
have come to lumber. There are seven or
eight varieties of it, standing each on an inde-
pendent bottom, and different productions,
and they cannot be considered under one head
with any sort of satisfaction to those interested
in the question; and for that reason I am
opposed to the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly sure that
a gentleman as ingenious and sagacious as the
gentleman from Maine can distinguish between
a line that relates to clapboards and one that
relates to planks, and that he can put his finger
on one of those lines and propose an amend-
ment there, whether he wants or does not want
to propose amendments to the other part. He
will have the fullest opportunity of offering
amendments to each particular part of all that
relates to the general subject. There is nothing
in the proposition to cut it off, and nothing to
prevent him from arguing his amendments
when he offers them. But suppose when you
come to the article of lumber it be considered
that a couple of hours or any other given time
will afford fair debate on the various items on
it, is it not proper that the committee should
have the power to say, we will take up all that
matter, and make our amendments to it and
debate them, without considering it item by
item, and paragraph by paragraph, and fritter-
ing away time as we have done heretofore?
Mr. PETERS. Pardon me for one moment.
While pine lumber is under discussion, Michigan
is interested, and while spruce lumber is under
discussion Maine is interested, and they are
not precisely identical. While they are dis-
cussing pine, I do not wish to be discussing
spruce. While they are offering amendments
in relation to clapboards, I do not wish to be
discussing laths; and it seems to me that it will
be very incongruous and unsatisfactory and
impossible to get at a fair result if the whole
is under discussion at once.
Mr. SCHENCK. Itseemsto me that Michi-
gan can rise in her place and move an amend-
ment about pine, and discuss it, and then
Maine can get up here and propose an amend-
ment about spruce, and discuss it, and it can
all be done within this range of time. The
truth is, it puts the business of the Committee
of the Whole within the control of the majority
of the committee, and nothing else, and it does
it upon a most reasonable proposition. If I
ever report a tariff bill again, I will relieve the
bill of all such trouble, so far as the gentleman
or anybody else ia concerned. I will put in
long sections, and crowd together everything
that seems to have any necessary or remote
relationship to anything else.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
one question.
Mr. BEAM AN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BEAMAN.
Mr. SCHENCK.
is objected to, I move that the rules
pended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make another parliamentary inquiry. When
we approach lime and limestone, and marble
of various kinds, and soapstone and freestone
which all have more or less lime or limestone
in them, are they kindred subjects or not?
Mr. SCHEN CK. I should think they were ;
they all relate to building-stone.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Beaman] objects to debate.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask one question.
Suppose the Committee of the Whole sustains
the gentleman in closing all debate upon lum-
ber in two hours, and when pine lumber is
taken up it is discussed by the advocates of
pine lumber duringthe whole of the two hours,
will not the advocates of spruce then have
no opportunity for any discussion? And will
not the same objection obtain in relation to
marble?
Mr. SCHENCK. If permitted I will answer
that question by reversing the supposition.
I object to further debate.
Then, as the resolution
be sus-
Suppose the spruce gentlemen take up all the
time?
Mr. HALE. It is the same question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Why, then, I answer by
saying I presume all gentlemen will be looking
to put themselves in relations with the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole, and the
chairman will give them all a fair and reason-
able chance if there is any limitation. That
has been the practical working of these things
heretofore, and I think gentlemen are unne-
cessarily conjuring up chimeras and bugbears
and windmills to fight.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me a very practical
objection.
The question was put on the motion to sus
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 97,
noes 39.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Schenck were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 103, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PETERS called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 28, noes 105.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 59, not voting
50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman,
Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William
T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowlos,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Garfield, Giifillan, Hamilton,Harris, Hawley, Hays,
Hellin, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg;, Kelsey, Ketcbain, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Milnos, Eliakim
H. Moore, Jesse H.Moore, AVilliam Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce. Piatt, Poland,
Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Santord, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofiold, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Shelrton, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stonghton, Strickland, Strong, T'affe,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, 'i'ownsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Welker, Wheeler. Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams, and JohnT. Wilson—119.
N AY S—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Ax tell, Beck, Biggs, James Brooks, Burchard, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Sidney Clarke. Cook, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Degener, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge,
Getz, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill,
llawkins. Hay, Holman, Thomas L. Jones. Judd,
Knott.Lewis, Mayham, McNeely, Mungen, Niblack,
Peters, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Rice, Schumaker,
Sberrod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, William
Smyth, htiles, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Trump, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Euerene M. Wil-
son, Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin, Bird,
Boles, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cleveland, Olin-
, ton L. Cobb, Covodo, Cullom, Davis, Dockery, F isher,
j Fox, Gibson, llambleton, Heaton, Hill, Hoge. In-
i gersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, AlexanderH. Joues, Kerr,
' Knapp, Logan, Lynch. Marshall, McCorinick, Mor-
gan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Palmer, Phelps,
Porter, Reeves, llidgway, William J.Smith, Worth-
1 ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stone, Strader, Van
1 Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward,
' William B. Washburn, Wells, and Witcher—50.
So the rules were suspended, and the reso-
lution adopted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was my intention to
move to go into Committee of the Whole on
the special order. But after the representa-
tions of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] and upon con-
sultation with some of the n embers ot my com-
mittee, I have concluded not to press that
motion now, but waive it, so as to enable
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to bring forward any business which may
be most immediately pressing, reserving, of
course, the right at any time hereafter, as may
seem expedient or necessary, to move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill*
