598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. oe Rkps.
- Internal Tax—Mr. Morrell.
41st Costg 2d Sess.
length. In fact, this is one of the strong
points in his letter. Hereafter, when the
medical authorities and medical and literary
journals of New England undertake their peri-
odical examination into the causes of the lim-
ited increase in the population of their section,
a quotation or two from this letter of the
Special Commissioner will best answer their
nnxiptis inquiries.
the farms:!;,;.
The Commissioner defends the theory pre-
sented in his annual report, that a protective
tariff injuriously affects the interests of the
farmers. He gives many figures, as usual, all
bearing npon the relative values of the exports
of agricultural products to foreign countries.
It serves liis purpose to be always oblivious of
the fact that the nearer a farmer's marketsaro
brought to his door the more prosperous ho is,
n fact fully attested by the experience of every
farmer who resides near to a manufacturing
community. He again dwells upon wheat as
the farmer'sprincipal article of export. Admit
that it is, and what is proved ? He does not
deny that the demand for it fluctuates from year
to year, so that it often happens, as it did hap-
pen in 18G9, that when he has the most to sell
Europe lakes the least. He does not deny that
to roach a foreign market the farmer must sac-
rifice half his crop to railroad companies and
foreign shippers. But he insists that with a
lower tariff the farmer would be able to buy
the articles he needs and does not produce
cheaper than he does now; and in his annual
report (page 51) he gives a table which pro-
fesses to show the purchasing power of one
hundred bushels of wheal in 18(>!>, as com-
pared with the purchasing power of Ihe same
number of bushels in 185!), and from this de-
duces a result unfavorable to the present tariff.
Wheat was very low in 1809, but to-day, under
Ihe influence of various European adviccs and
from other causes, it has advanced in price, and
promises to-command double the price in 1870
it did in 1800. Tho articles the farmer needs
aud must buy are not advancing in price, so
tliat the probabilities arc that he will lie able
to buy with this year's crop twice as much as
with Unit of last year, which shows that his
prosperity depends primarily upon the great
law of supply aud demand, 1 would secure
a steady aud constant demand for all his pro-
duels by creating the hum of mechanical aud
manufacturing industry on every hill-top and
ill every valley of our country.
ItUVKNliK VU0.1l l.MI'OllTS.
'I lie Commissioner shows some temper and
imieh dexterity in his efforts to extricate him-
self from the dilemma in which the blundering
calculations and estimates of his report for 1869
had placed liim. In his reference to pig iron
he more tlnin once averred that the entire
repeal of tho duty thereon would not increase
its importation; yet, when reminded that his
estimates for revenue from "imported metals"
would, at the rate he recommended in his tariif
schedule, namely, twenty-five per cent., neces-
sitate the importation of $60,000,000 ivorih of
iron and oilier metals, an increase of nearly
fifty per cent, over the entire importation of
metals for 18C!), he loses his temper, and de-
clares that tho majority had no right to infer
that, he did not wish to increase importations.
To prove his consistency and to obtain the
revenue lie had placed to the account of "im-
ported metals," he now goes further and pro-
claims his purpose to increase imports fifiy per
cent. 11 the patient student of his several
annual leports has be -n able to glean there-
fi om any one manifest fact, any single un-
t'ouded conclusion arrived at by the Commis-
sioner himself, it, would be this: that our imports
are now and for years have been in cxcess of
our exports, and I hat we ai o year by year hope-
lessly increasing our foreign indebtedness. The
bewildering statistics, conflicting statements,
and befogging theories he has furnished us
have not obscured this painfully apparent fact.
In a recently published letter to Mr. A. T.
Stewart, of New York, the Commissioner him-
self asserts that the foreign indebtedness of the
United States during the fiscal year just elosed
had increased nearly two hundred million dol-
lars. Yet, in the face of his own oft-expressed
alarm in view of this annual adverse balance,
he boldly proclaims the purpose of so reform-
ing our revenue laws that we shall have to im-
port more to obtain a less revenue—to import
$60,000,000 to obtain arevenue of $15,000,000;
when in 1869, on the same articles, we collected
over nineteen million dollars on an importation
of $-12,000,000. Men of practical sense, like
the President and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who hope to see our foreign indebtedness
decreased and a resumption and continuance
of specie payments made possible, cannot see
the wisdom of such revenue reform as this and
will not sanction it.
PIO IBOX AND Till! TARIFF.
In connection with the discussion of the rev-
enue question, the Commissioner speaks of the
rapid increase of furnaces in the Mahoning
valley from 18-10 to I860, a low tariff period,
and would have the world to believe that it was
all tho result of that low tariff. He might as
well have quoted the greatly increased produc-
tion of petroleum from 1802 to 18G7 in the val-
ley of the Alleghany, aud attributed it to the
Government tax levied and collected during
that period upon that article. The discovery
of coal of a superior quality, adapted to blast-
furnace use without coking, and the introduc-
tion of the rich ores from Lake Superior to mix
with tho native ores, rendered the Mahoning
valley, by reason of its inland position and
proximity to the great Pittsburg market, tho
only prosperous abode of the iron-producing
interest of the country durin ®those free trade
years.
The iron statistics for the last sixty years
show more clearly than the Commissioner's
theories the effects of legislation upon the ca-
pacity of the country to produce aud consume
iron. The make of pig metal in 1810 was only
G-1,000 gross tons; in 3880 it had risen to
105,000 tons; in 1810 to t!47,000 tons. Under
the stimulus of the tariff of 1812 it rose to
70-5,000 tons in 1816. The repeal of that tariff,
and tho enactment of tho low tariff of 18-10,
produced a paralysis in the business of the
country, aud in 18f>0 the production of pig
metal had shrunk to flfi-1,755 tons—a decrease
in four years of over 200,000 tons. For weary
years the iron business was a struggle for life ;
and with a large increase in population, wealth,
and resources over that of 1810, we had m
1800 only a production of 801,000 gross tons,
or 80,000 tons more than fourteen years before.
In 1861 and 1862 this production fell off nearly
200,000 tons each year, reducing the produc-
tions of each of those two years below the pro-
duet of 18-10.
The tariff enactments of 1802, 1801, and
1807 gave new life and courage to the business,
until we now have a grand estimated produc-
tion for tho year 1870 of 1,800,000 gross tons.
This is again over tho make of 1801 (which
was only G70,000gross tons) of 1,130,000 tons—
a clear increase in nine years of one hundred
and seventy per cent, under a protective tariff
system. The fourteen years of low tariff so affec-
tionately referred to by the Commissioner show
an increase in the last year of S'J.OOn tons over
the first year, with an average production for
the whole period of less than that for 18-10.
It is a matter of profound astonishment that
any man who has had the opportunity of study-
ing these facts should so stultify himself and
outrage the intelligence of the nation as to
declare (see page 8 of the report of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue for 1809,) that
" the experience of another year reaffirms the
principle before announced, that the progress
and growth of the country, through its elements
of vitality, namely, great national resources and
an inherent spirit of energy and enterprise in
the people, arc in a great degree independent
of legislation.1'
A QUESTION OP WACKH.
Free-traders, and those who advocate low
duties on foreign imports,•constantly present
tho plea of cheapness as an argument in favor
of their theories. The late special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue has dwelt long and earn-
estly on this favorite doctrine of his school of
political economists. It would be hard for him
to convince the farmers of the country that they
are more prosperous when wheat is worth fifty
cents a bushel than when it brings $1 co a
bushel; yet if his reasoning is correct such
must be the case. If extreme cheapness is the
only desideratum to be aimed at, why should
we not demand the lowest rates for the pro-
ducts of the soil as well as for all other labor
products? But the Commissioner's reasoning
is not correct, and the pinched and starved
condition of tho laboring classes of all countries
where low prices prevail furnishes sufficient
proof that it is not.
The Commissioner has caused to bo issued a
supplement to liis last annual report, prepared
for him by the gentleman in charge of the
Bureau of Statistics, which gives the cost of
labor and subsistence in tho United States in
the years 1807 and 1809. On page 14 of this
supplementary report is a statement that the
"average advance of wages in the United States
in 1809 over England in 1807-08 was eighty-
six per cent." Upon referring to his annual re-
port I find that the Commissioner recommends
such a tariff on woolen goods, iron, steel,
and other articles of English manufacture as
will amount to twenty five per cent, ad valo-
rem. Now, if the products of American labor
are to be protected against the products of
English labor only to the extent of twenty-five
per cent., tne logical sequence must be that
the laborers of this country must agree to work
for wages only twenty live per cent, above those
paid to tho laborers of England; equivalent, as
shown by the supplementary report of the Com-
missioner, to a reduction of sixty-one per cent,
in the present icatjes of American labor.
The Commissioner's theories, which he has
spent two years in evolving and fortifying,
culminate at last in a proposition which would
lower the wa^es of American labor sixty-one
per cent. The figures of his last official pub-
lication strip the mask from all his theories, and
show that if they were made to form the basis
of our tariff legislation they would surely result,
in a reduction of the wages of American work-
ingmen to a close approximation to the wages
paid by free-trade England. The laboring men
of this country have not asked for such legis-
lation as this, nor will they permit it.
ISut it is not only with the low wages of Eng-
land that our people have to compete, and
against which they ask protection, but the yet
lower wages o icon tin en tal Em ope also confront
and assail them. I submit herewith a table
showing the comparative rates of wages paid for
various branches ot labor in the United States
and various foreign countries, compiled at my
request by the chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
and I commend a careful perusal of it to every
one of my countrymen.
, CONDEMNED BY THEIR VOTES.
Mr. Speaker, I have in it spirit of eandor
and fairness endeavored to show, and ihink 1
have succeeded in showing, that the Demo-
cratic minority of the Committee on Manufae-
factnres and the late Special Commissioner
of the Revenue have, separately and unitedly,
advocated theories and made statements at
