5388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
of our schools, and if you will let liim, he will
grow- up _ in the glory and the beauty of our
citizenship.
Senators say no ; shut him out from citizen-
ship, let him have nothing of this great priv-
ilege. ' Her© I differ. I claim for him all that
you accord to others, nor more, nor less.
There can be but one rule for all. Because
the Almighty made him of a color slightly
different froin my friend, the Senator from
Oregon, I know not why he should not be equal
to that Senator in rights. I know not why he
should not enter into the same citizenship.
But, sir, I did not intend to discuss this
question ; I merely wished to explain why,
having opened this question the other day, I
open it again to-night. In the other discussion
I referred to this very bill, and again I have
to-night been almost summoned to do it by the
Senator from Nevada. His speech was more
than a prompting; it was a summons to me
not to lose the present opportunity of pressing
the very proposition which failed on the 4th
of July. I now send it to the Chair as an
amendment to come in at the end of the bill
reported by the committee.
Mr. STEWART. As an amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. As an amendment to the
bill reported by the committee.
Mr. STEWART. Then it is not iri order.
Mi'. SUMNER. Then, as an amendment to
an amendment.
'The amendment to the amendment was read,
as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the naturalization
laws are hereby amended by striking out the word
"white" wherever it oceuis, and there shall bono
exclusion from naturalization by reason of race or
color.
Mr. NYE. Living, sir, on the western coast,
and being as much interested as any one, per-
, haps, in the correct settlement of this question,
and all my brethren from the western coast
having had their say, I claim the indulgence
of the Senate for a very few moments while I
have my own.
1 do not indulge in the forebodings of my
colleague or of the honorable Senator from
California to the extent they do in regard to
this Chinese immigration; neither do 1 believe
that it is necessary or important to them or to
this country that they should be at onpe admit-
ted to the full rights of American citizens. I
think there is a middle ground upon this ques-
tion where all sensible men will have to come
at last. To prevent Chinese immigration to
this country is as impossible as it is to prevent
the rolling waves of the Pacific ocean. We
face right up to them, with an inviting country
rich in productions, rich in institutions, and
inviting in every possible sense.
Now, this is a great experiment, one that
we are commencing to try ; and my honorable
friend on my left [Mr. Sumxer] will bear wit-
ness that we have been trying a kindred exper-
iment for the last half century. My honorable
friend on my left has labored to my certain
knowledge more than a quarter of a century,
until his hair has grown gray in the service,
andTiis shoulders a little stooped with the bur-
dens he has borne in bringing about a great
reform, a reform in which the world shares
now in its glory and its honor. The first great
thing was to do away with the system of bond-
age, which unmanned men and made men and
women articles of merchandise on the block.
It was somewhat dangerous to enter upon that
experiment, and yet by my friend's labor and
that of his colaborers, giving here a little and
there a little, line upon line aud precept upon
precept, a great nation has been brought up to
the standard that he reared a quarter of a cen-
tury ago,and the words " master" and " slave "
will be heard here no more forever. All honor
to my friend and his colaborers.
The object of this bill, if I understand it, is
to carry out and apply the same rule to the im-
migrant from a foreign country when he comes
here that we have applied to our own slaves. It
seems to me that instead of staying the pro-
gress of this principle of my honorable friend
this bill is carrying out and extending it. This
bill in its length and breadth says nothing more
than that these men and women shall not be
slaves in form even when they come ; that we
shall not allow from any source, from Europe,
or from India, or from Africa, a system of ina-
njigration that savors of peonage, or of obliga-
tion to toil unrequited for their fellow-man.
That is the length and breadth of this bill.
Now I appeal to Senators, and to the country,
whether that is not exactly in furtherance and
carrying out the great principle for which my
honorable friend has so long aud so ably fought?
I say this is an experiment; to what, extent
it will go remains to be seen. But I would be
prudent in this experiment, as I would in all
all other experiments where we hazard the
principles of our Government. I counsel pru-
dence; and in what direction does prudence
point? We have got thus far already, that these
people come here, that they are industrious,
sober, and economical laborers; and thus far in
that capacity have done well. How they will
develop into full and mature manhood by the
standard by which wo measure men remains
yet to be seen. Now, 1 think that prudence
points in this direction—that we should be con-
tent with making them entirely free when they
come, and let the moon till her horns a few
times before we decide this groat and important
question of conferring upon them the full power
of American citizenship.
It seems to me that that is the point to which
we should direct our attention. J am free to say,
from association with this class of inhabitants
for some ten years—and my honorable friend
has indorsed my generosity and cleverness in
thatrespcct, and so that will not be questioned—•
I have not yet determined in my own mind
whether they possess the attributes of being
made healthful supporters and sustaiuers of
republican institutions. J will wait and see.
They are good laborers. I would not bar the
gates against their coining to toil in the fields
of California, where everything is raised that
is found in tropical countries; where the ripened
fruit and the opening blossom are seen upon
the same tree, and where they are entering now
into great experiments in agricultural pro-
duction. The Japanese have established a
colony there with a view to the raising of t-ea;
and Chinese, Japanese, and Americans have
entered ir.to the experiment. I will not say
experiment, but into the production now of
what has passed experiment, the growth and
production of American silk.
I stand here to-night to say that I believe
the State of California will produce more silk
in a quarter of a century than Italy produces
now, and of a far better grade. The evidence
is that the silk producers and silk manufac-
turers of that country come to California to
buy the cocoons.
Mr. President, there are two considerations
that it is important to look at in that respect.
First, you cannot afford to pay three or four
dollars a day for labor to grow silk. That point
is settled. If Ijiere is to be no cheaper labor
than we now have these fruitful fields are to go
uncultivated in that respect. The Chinese, in
my judgment, are peculiarly adapted to that
service. 1 would therefore try this experiment
with them ; and after a few years, when the
judgment of the people upon the Pacific coast
shall co'ncide with the judgment of the people
of Massachusetts and the Atlantic coast, quick
as that judgment is settled upon the question
whether it is best to make them American citi-
zens to the full extent, the question can be
settled. I trust the public judgment, if they
will so try the experiment; but I counsel pru-
dence. I hope my honorable friend will not
urge his amendment. This bill gets up no
caste; the Chinese have no caste, and thank
God, the Americans have no caste ; but they
ate cast upon this shore, [laughter,] and in
the abundance, kindness, and goodness of our
hearts we want to do the best thing for thesa
coming thousands that we can.
I would put the Chinaman upon his good
behavior. I would have him strive to emulate
all the virtues of American citizenship, and as
a reward I would hold up to him that when he
reached that happy goal he should enjoy the
privilege. The public judgment at the present
moment is disturbed and restless on- this ques-
tion. Now, why fores it all at once? I rec-
ollect being brought up on a farm, and I remem-
ber above all things the kindness of my old
mother. We boys used to watch the cooking
processes pretty carefully; and I noticed that
when my mother was frying doughnuts she
would always drop in a little pieceof dough to
try the condition of the fat before she baked
the full cake. Now, sir, the dough is being
dropped in, but my friend trorn Massachusetts
wants a full-sized doughnut baked at the first
jump. [Laughter.] It will not do. Drop in
the dough first; seethe condition of the fat;
see how it fries a little, and then we may risk
a larger piece.
We give them all the protection and every
right of a citizen except to vote. The doors
of our courts are thrown open to them. Every
system and principle of American protection is
applied to them in its fullness. But my friend
from Massachusetts says they cannot vote.
He reminds me of an incident in th«j construc-
tion of the Erie canal; and it was full of fruit-
ful incidents. When they were putting the
bridge over State street, in Buffalo, they got a
steam-pump, and an Irishman there, and a
leading Irishman by the name of Butler, had
all his men marshaled to see that steam-pump
work. It worked well, and did the work of two
or three hundred Irishmen. They asked But-
ler how he liked it. Said he, "It pumps well,
but it can't vote." [Laughter.] That is the
trouble with my friend about these Chinamen ;
they are pumping well now, as far as they have
gone, but my friend from Massachusetts ex-
claims in the language of this gentleman from
the Emerald Isle, "They can't vote." [Laugh-
ter.] Suppose they cannot; the}'pump just as
well; and as far as we have tried them they have
done very well. Now, what do you want to jamp
headlong into uncertainty for on this subject?
Protect these men ; say to the dealers in Chi-
nese, ''You shall not bringhere men bound to
serve on any condition whatever." That is in
the direct line of my friend's philanthropy and
goodness and generosity. Now, I want him to
join and try this experiment, and the next year,
or the year after next, or whenever the time
comes and we shall have seen nothing to con-
vince our judgment that the experiment will
not be dangerous, do it. That is the point.
Let us put in a small piece first. No; my friend
shakes his head. It is the whole swine with
him, [laughter ;] and every bill from this time
out will receive these amendments of his.
Mr. SJJMNER. Until it is passed.
Mr. NYE. Even if it is a bill to subsidize
a line of steamers, or a land grant, he will offer
liis amendment that the Chinaman shall have
the right to vote [laughter] the whole thing.
Sir, I think I am not unmindful of the glorious
privilege of the right to vote. It is a high priv-
ilege ; and, except in the hour of the direst
necessity, it should never be put into any man's
hands who cannot exercise it intelligently. My
honorable friend, as well as the world, knows
that had there been a sufficiently loyal element
in the southern States to have made a nucleus
for government the time would have been pro- V
longed somewhat before the slave would have
had the ballot; but that was an experiment of
necessity. The loyal element was not there :
and as the man who founded the church in
Povvnal, Vermont, said, that if God intended
there should be a church there they had got
to use the material they had, [laughter,] so we
said cf these slaves lately liberated. Repub-
lican institutions we must have; republican
governments we must have ; and if the intelli-
gent people were disloyal, and wero straying
