3500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. DAWES. On account of my engage-
ments in connection with business of the House
I ask to be excused from service upon the com-
mittee on which I was appointed last Friday
evening.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] asks leave to be ex-
cused from service on the committee appointed
to attend on the part of the House the conse-
cration this afternoon of the monument to the
memory of Baron Steuben. The Chair hears
no objection, and the gentleman is excused.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] is
appointed in his place.
REVIVAL OF AMERICAN COMMERCE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to present for the purpose
of being printed an amendment which I design
to offer to the bill (H. R. No. 1889) to revive
the navigation and commercial interests of the
United States.
There being no objection, the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to make a privileged
report from a committee of conference.
The report was received and read, as fol-
lows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1084) relating to the
Washington Market Company, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective nouses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from the amondmentnum- .
bered 11.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered as follows:
1, 2.3, 4,6, 8, 9,10, and 12, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, to insert in lieu of the words "National
Hotel" the words "Department of the Interior,"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
same with an amendment, as follows: in section
three, lines twenty-three and twenty-four, strike
out the words " another of their number to be" and
insert "appoint a," and the Senate agree to the
same.
And the committee of conference further recom-
mend an amendment to the paragraph commencing
with the words "B wing," page 18, line two, by in-
serting after the words " market stalls" the words
"notless than twenty feet high."
ADOLPHUS H. TANNER,
JOHN A. LOGAN.
Managert on the part nfthe House.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
H. HAMLIN,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know that it is
necessary to discuss this at all. The amend-
ments proposed to satisfy all parties have been
agreed to by the committee of conference. I
will therefore call the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. As one of the con-
ferees disagreeing to this report, I desire to
make a statement in regard to this matter.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for a few min-
utes if the gentleman thinks it important to
discuss this matter now.
Mr. VAN WYCK. As the House well
knows, this bill passed the House at this ses-
sion without any consideration or discussion.
Very many of the members of this House knew
nothing of the bill until they read the sub-
stance of its provisions in the Globe. When
the bill left the House it proposed that $15,000,
a merely nominal sum, should be paid for the
use of ail this ground. It was amended in the
Senate so as to provide for the payment of
$25,000 instead of the $15,000 provided for
by the House.
I would like very much to yield to the report
of the committee of conference were it not that
in my judgment a great majority of the citizens
of this place are opposed to this measure. I
think it is due to the citizens of this city that
they should have at least as much considera-
tion extended to them as some ten or twenty
thousand people in one of the Territories of
this Union. But they have no delegate or
representative on this floor to speak for them.
They have no one but the common council of
this city to speak for them, and I suggest to
members of this House whether it is not our
duty to yield a little consideration to these
representatives of the people of the District
when they speak upon a question affecting
their local interests. Nobody is interested^ in
this bill but the corporators upon the one side
and the inhabitants of the city on the other.
I know the danger that I incur in undertaking
to stand here and utter a word against aggre-
gated health or private corporations. I know
how dangerous it is to say anything in behalf
of the masses of the people as opposed to men
into whose coffers it is proposed to pour still
more of wealth.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know how
much time the gentleman desires to occupy.
I do not propose to give him the whole hour.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
propose to confine myself entirely to the mat-
ter under discussion. I have nothing to say
except upon that subject. I am not in the
habit of making speeches, and particularly I
am not accustomed to go beyond legitimate
matters of discussion.
Mr. LOGAN. There is one hour allowed
for debate, and I desire to know how much
time the gentleman wishes to occupy. I would
like to divide the time fairly, but 1 do not want
to give away all the time and leave myself no
opportunity to explain the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no rule re-
quiring that this matter shall be disposed of in
an hour. The hour rule applies simply to each
gentleman who may speak. I would like to
say a few words on this subject. I do not know
anything about the corporators in this scheme.
I have nothing against them. I do not deny
their right to make money;
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lor,an] whether he had not
better withdraw the report, as it seems likely
to lead to considerable debate. He can bring
it before the House at any time.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot consent to with-
drftw it*
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a market-house
is to be erected on this reservation, I do not
undertake to discuss the particular merits of
this bill with reference to that object. But I
desire to say that I am opposed to any bill for
the erection of a general market-house in this
city or any other. Market-houses are an old-
fogy institution. They are useless and in many
respects a nuisance in any city. In Chicago
seveq years ago the market-houses were abol-
ished, and the citizens find that they get along
very mueh better without them. I think that
in most of our modern cities which have exper-
imented on this subject it has been found that
the people get along better without a general
market-house than with one. In a city of any
size one large central market-house does not
accommodate the people upon the outskirts of
the city. Those who are obliged to go two or
three miles to a market-house to get their beef-
steak or anything else find uo convenience in
a market-house. It is much more convenient
for the citizens to be supplied with what they
need from private market-houses. A central
market-house in the city of Washington would
be rather a nuisance than a convenience to the
people. It would not accommodate the citi-
zens at all.
Here is a reservation situated upon Penn-
sylvania avenue, between Seventh and Ninth
streets. It lies between the Smithsonian grounds
and Pennsylvania avenue. It was originally a
reservation—set apart by the founders of the
city to be ornamented and kept open as a reser-
vation. I believe that it should be continued as
such ; that the nuisance which now exists there
should be cleared away, the ground improved
and beautified as a p*blic reservation. If the
city of Washington needs a market-house, let
it be erected in some other portion of the city,
not on Pennsylvania avenue ; that is no place
for a market-house. The use of this reserva-
tion for such a purpose is a disgrace to the
nation. I suppose the project embraced in this
bill is a speculation gotten up by a few men.
I have no objection to their speculating. I
have no objection to their building a market-
house, if they want it and the people want it,
in some suitable part of the city. But as a
Representative of the District of Columbia (and
we all represent the District) I do protest
against devoting the reservation in front of the
Smithsonian grounds to such a purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I will ask the House to sus-
tain the previous question ; and then I shall be
willing to yield to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] such portion of my
time as he may desire, so that he may give his
explanation, and then I will follow with mine.
I move the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I supposed that I had
1 the floor when I yielded to the gentleman from
i Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman occupied
the floor by permission of the gentleman who
made the report.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do hope, Mr. Speaker,
we shall have the fullest discussion of this
measure.
Mr. LOGAN. After the previous question
has been called and seconded I will yield to
the gentleman from New York all the time he
may desire ; but I do not wish this debate to
run loosely on without knowing when it will
come to an end. The gentleman can have
ample time for discussion. I now demand tha
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the conference report.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am
i willing to yield to the gentleman from New
York, and I do not suppose he wants more
than ten minutes.
I Mr. VAN WYCK. Ten or twenty minutes:
i not more than twenty.
j Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to the gentleman
| ten minutes, and if he should then want more
I will give him five minutes more.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I wfas pro-
ceeding to state, if the House will give me their
attention, that we stand here to dayrepresent-
ing the wishes and the wants of the people of
the District of Columbia. I know it will be said
that the people of this District have refused to
build a market-house. If the House will bear
with me, I will give some facts on the subject.
Some members here know—I know that this
city sought to build a market-house on that
square; but this House by resolution pro-
hibited the city from doing so, saying that the
city had no right to shut out the view of the
Smithsonian Institution and grounds, and pre-
vent the free circulation of the air up that
street. The city proposed to build a market-
house there years ago. Two years ago this
city undertook to build a market-house at the
intersection of Ohio and Louisiana avenues,
supposing Congress would not consent to the
erection of a market on Market square. It
passed the Senate unanimously. It came to
this House, and here it has ever since slept.
There were gentlemen here then seeking these
grounds on the same terms.
Now look at this thing for a moment. You
disfigure the design of that part of the_ city.
Gentlemen know when triangles are laid out
they have not only an avenue on one_ side,
but streets on the other sides. That' triangle
on Seventh street has an avenue on one side
and streets on the other two sides. This bill
proposes to give this market company the
power to do away with the street on the south
side of that triangle. If this bill be adopted
that street will be taken and given to this com-
pany lor market purposes. I ask gentlemen
of the House, who are the only Representatives
