1612
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
uhiI Interest tkwwon shall be eraampt tram all
taxation by or under national, State, mahloipal, or
local authority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This also will
be regarded as agreed to, subject to amend-
ment hereafter as if part of the text of the
substitute.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, in the earlier
portion of the session I had the honor to pre-
sent a bill (§. No. 320) to fund the matured
debt of the United States by a self-funding
bond. I gave notice at that time that I should
at some future day call up the bill and explain
ite provisious. Other business intervening, I
have not had an opportunity to call up the
bill and to explain its provisions. Therefore
I did not move its reference to the Committee
on Finance. Whether it has been considered
at all by that committee I know not; and
therefore I propose now, in reviewing and dis-
cussing the bill reported by the Committee ou
Finance, to explain the bill presented by me ;
and I shall offer it in the form of a substitute
for the first three sections of their bill, and
shall propose to make its other sections eon-
form to the self-funding bill that I have intro-
duced.
Mr. President, there are some of the provis-
ions of the committee'8 bill in which I would
entirely a^ree; and perhaps I should be«atisfied
with the hrst three sections if I thought those
sections could be made effective without
injury to any poriion of our community and
could be made available abrbad.
The first section provides for a coin bond
bearing five per cent, coin interest payable in
twenty years and, redeemable after ten years,
and, by the amendment the Senator from Ohio
has just offered, free from tax upon the in-
come therefrom. Section two provides for a
similar bond bearing four and a half per cent.,
bat payable in thirty years and redeemable after
fifteen years.
The thirdsection provides for a bond bearing
four per cent, interest redeemable in twenty
years mid payable in; forty years; and by
other sections these bonds are to be made the
basis of the banking circulation of the comntry.
It may be that we have the power to sobsti-
tute these new bonds in place of the bondB
now held by the banking institutions of the
country; but we must remember that these
banking institutions were forced, under the
provisions of the present banking law, to take
these bonds and give up their State bond sand
other securities which were bearing six or
seven, or perhaps eight per cent, interest. I
think the services of: them banks to the
Government should not bie forgotten; and in
my judgment the banking institutions should
be placed on the swttfe basis as the public, to
use any bonds that are offered bythe Govern-
ment.
Another section gives the banking institu-
tions the right, if they decline to substitute the
new bonds within a specified time, to give up
their circulation and retire from banking. If
I thought this funding scheme as here framed
would be effective as -applicable to all sections
of oar cou ntry, and find a market for our bonds
wilfc onrown people, and with foreign bank-
ers and capitalists and- institutions, I should
have no objection to it ; bat if the provisions
of this bill are simply to force the banking
institutions of the country to take these new
bonds, and if then the funding scheme is to
fttil, it seem a to me that it will inflict incalcu-
lable injury on the country.
In the first place, if you compel the banks
within twelve mouths to substitute these new
bonds in place of the bonds now held by them,
five-twenties and others, the result will be to
throw the amount of five-twenties, 1881s, and
ten-forties now held by the banks upon the
market to be disposed of. Those bonds will
have to be sold abroad, or sold to our own
people in place of the bonds that are offered to
them as a substitute as a banking basis. Will
not, I ask the Committee, on,Finance, the sale
of those bonds interfere to a great, extent with
this funding scheme? Will not throwing
$350,000,000 of the present bonds upon the
market tend to prevent the fuuding of the bal-
ance of our bondsby the public ? It seems to
me that unless you compel the banks to take
the new bonds in lieu of those they now hold,
which of course will be the effect to some ex-
tent, the result will be to depreciate all the
other bonds by throwing those now held by the
banks upon the market. If that be so, it may-
be that this scheme will prove an injury rather
than a benefit.
But it seems tame that this might be amended
in such a manner as simply to make the eighth
section permissive. In line five of that section
I would strike out " and no others shall," and
insert " mayso as to read:
On and after the 1st day of October, 1870, roistered
bonds of any denomination not less than $1,000, issued
under the previsions of this act, may be deposited
with the Treasurer of the United States as security
1; for the notes issued to national banking associations
I: for circulation.
| Then in line thirteen I would strike out " re-
quired" and insert" authorized," and strikeout
all of the section after the word '' notes1' in line
fourteen. The effect of thus changing the eighth
, section would be simply to give the banks per-
mission instead of compelling them to substi-
tute these bonds. Then place your bonds upon
the market, and as soon as they are absorbed
the credit of the Government may so advance
that it will be safe to compel the banks to sub-
stitute the new bonds. At that time it may be
well to make it compulsory; but it seems to
me that when weare seeking to return to specie
payments it is necessary to have the best form
of banks organized and the best bonds depos-
ited with the Comptroller of the Currency or
the. Treasurer of the United States, that the
i, bill-holders maybe secured. In that way when
you return to specie payments, in case the
banks should not pay specie on their bills, the
Government would have the best form of bond
in its hands to dispose of on which it could
realize the specie with which to pay the bills.
I now offer as & substitute for the first, sec-
ond, and third sections of this bill the proposi-
tion heretofore Bwbmitted by me in Senate bill
No. 320:
That the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States be, and hereby is, authorized and empowered
to issue coupon and rogistered bonds of the United
States to the extent of <1,000,000,000, in bonds of
$1,000 eaoh and having thirty-five years to run,inter-
est payable semi-annually, principal and interest
payable in gold coin; each bond to bear interest for
the first three years at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, for the six years following five per cent.
£er annum, and for the next six years four and a
alf per cent, per annum, and for the twenty
years following four per cent, per annUm, the bonds
and the income therefrom to be free from all tax
whatever. The Secretary of the Treasury may ex-
change the same atparfor the bonds commonly called
"five-twenties," at the option of the holders of said
bonds; or he may place the said bonds at home or
abroad upon the market at a uniform fixed price,
the proceeds of which shall be used in redeeming
" five-twenty" bonds now outstanding.
This will leave section four as amended, sec-
tion six, and part of section five, which section
I shall propose to amend, perhaps, in a future
stage ot this discussion by inserting after the
word "Treasury," in line two, the words
" or any Bub-Treasuryand also by striking
out the clause providing for payment of the
coupons abroad in foreign money. I also leave
section seven, section eight, with the amend-
ments I have suggested, and sections nine and
ten. If the bill of the Finance Committee
should be amended as I have suggested it will
read thus:
That the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States be, and hereby is, authorized and empowered
to issue ooupon and registered bonds of the United
States to the extent of $1,000,000,000, in bonds of $1,000
each, and having thirty-five years to run; interest
payable semi-annually; principal and interest pay-
able in gold coin; each bond to bear interest for the
first three yearsatthe rateofsixper cent, per annum,
for the six years following five per cent, per annum,
and for the next six years four and a half per cent,
per annum, and for the twenty years following four i
per cent, per annum; the bonds and the income 1
therefrom to be free from all tax whatever. The 1
Secretary of the Treasury may exchange the same at
par for the bonds commonly called "five-twenties,"
at the option of the holders of said bonds; or he may
place the said bonds at home or abroad upon tho
market at a uniform fixed price, the proceeds of
which shall beusedin redeeming "five-twenty" boncU
now outstanding.
Sec. 2 [4.] And be it further enacted. That the bonds
authorized by this act and the income therefrom
shall be exempt from all taxation by or under na-
tional, State, municipal, or local authority.
Sec. 3 [5.] And be it further enacted, That the cou-
pons of said bonds may be made payable ut the
Treasury or any sub-Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 4 [6.] And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary ol'tho Treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint such agents in the United States and
in Europe as he may deem necessary to aid in tlu>
negotiation of said bonds; and he may advertise the
loan herein authorized and the conditions thereof in
such newspapers and journals in this country and in
Europe as ho may select for that purpose; and a sum
not exceeding one per cent, of the bonds herein au-
thorized is hereby appropriated to pay the expense
orprepanng, issuing, and disposing of the same.
Sbc. 5 [7.] And be ttfurther enacted. That in order to
carry into execution the provisions of the fifth sec-
tion of tho act entitled "An act to authorize the issue
of United States notes and for the redemption or fund-
ing thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States," approved February 2o, 1862, relating
to the sinking fund, there is hereby appropriated
out of the duties derived from imported goods tho
sum of $150,000,000 annually, which sum during each
fiscal year shall be applied to tho payment of the
interest and to tho reduction of the prinoipal of
the public debt. And the United States bondsnow
lieldas the sinking fund, and the United States bonds
now held in the Treasury shall be canceled and de-
stroyed, a detailed record thereof being first made
in the books of the Treasury Department. And the
bonds hereafter purchased under this section shall in
like manner be canceled and destroyed. And a full
and detailed account of the application ofthe money
herein appropriated shall be made by the Secretary
ofthe Treasury to Congress with his annual report;
and the aggregate amount ofthe bonds canceled and
destroyed shall be stated in the monthly statements
of the public debt.
Sec. 6 [8.] And be it further enacted. That on and
after the 1st day of 0ctobor,1870, registered bonds
of any denomination not less than $1,000, issued under
the provisions of this act, may be deposited with
the Treasurer of the United States as security for
the notes issued to national banking associations
for circulation under an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, ana to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1864; and allnationalhanking associations organized
under said act, orany amendment thereof, are hereby
authorized to deposit bonds issued under this act as
security for their circulating notes.
Sec. 7 [9.] And be it further enacted. That tho
amount ofcirculatingnotes wbieh any bank may re-
ceive from the Comptroller of the Currency, under
the provisions of section twenty-one of said act,may
equal but not exceed eighty per cent, of the par
value of the bonds deposited, but shall not exceed
in the aggregate the amount to which such bank may
be entitled under said section.
Sec.8[10.] Andbe itfurther enacted, Thatanybank-
ing association organized or to be organized under
the national currency act and the acta amendatory
thereof, may, upon depositing with the Treasurer
United States notes to an amount not less than $100,000
receive an equal amount of registered bonds of the
United States, of the kind and description provided
for by section three of this act, and may deposit tho
same as the security for circulating notes; and there-
upon such banking association shall be entitled to and
shall receive circulating notes upon terms andoondi-
tionsand to the extent provided in the said national
currency acts, and without respect to the limitation
of the aggregate circulation of national currency pre-
scribed by said aots: Provided, however. That as cir-
culating notes are issued under this section an equal
amount of United States notes shall be canceled and
destroyed.
Mr. President, in presenting this proposition
for the consideration of the Senate I do so with
some feelings of delicacy, but with a firm con-
viction that it is one which will commend
itself to every practical business mind.
In the first place, we must offer to the pres-
ent holders of the matured and maturing "five-
twenty' ' bonds the option of either their money
or a bond which they are willing to receive. The
question then arises, what is the most attract-
ive bond that can be offered them; which kind
of a bond will offer the greatest temptation for
which to exchange? I contend that a bond as
provided for in my proposition, giving to the
holder the same rate of interest that he now
receives for the first three years and five per
cent, for the next six years, is a great tempt-
ation. It plaoes the income of the holder or
taker of such a bond beyond what he could
hope for under any other bond, and relieves
him from the annoyance and agitation that
attend the present five-twenty bonds. At the
end of nine years he holds a bond bearing four
