4444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
I say the neutrality law was violently and
obviously twisted from its true meaning in oriier
to allow the Spanishgun-boats to depart. The
neutrality law "prohibits the sending of armed
expeditions against any-colony, district, or peo-
ple with which the United States is at peace."
What possible character of colony could that
law legitimately affect if it did not refer to
Cuba? We could not well be at war with a
colony without being at war with the parent
State. We were at peace with Spain, and as
Cuba was a colony of Spain whose claim to
independence was not recognized by that Gov-
ernment, she was one of the colonies with
which we were at peace. If she ceased to be a
colony, then she had achieved separation and
was a district or people with which we were
at peace.
Sir, if the word "colony" in the neutrality
law was not intended to cover precisely such a
case as that of revolted Cuba, then it was mere
surplusage ; and the rule of law is that a con-
struction of a statute which makes the statute
of non-effect is not to be tolerated. The law
was framed to meet the case of the Spanish
South American colonies which were still col-
onies when the law was passed, and colonies
struggling, as Cuba straggles, for independ-
ence, although with less force arrayed against
t'nem. We are told, indeed, that the contest
in Cuba has not reached the status of belliger-
ency. But I call the attention of the House to
the fact that it is a contest which has been pro-
gressing for eighteen months. It, is a contest
in which Spain (according to the statements
of her rulers and representatives) has, in order
to retain her power, placed in the field seventy
thousand men and a large naval force, exclusive
of the thirty gun-boats built, fitted out, and'
equipped in the United States—a far larger
force than she ever employed in war with any
other colony, and three times as many as she
employed in her recent war with San Domingo.
But, sir, why do I multiply words? If we
desire to help Cuba throw off the yoke of Spain
we could find precedents in the law of nations
and thehistory ofEuropeand Americatojustify
us in interposing by fleets and armies, [f we
desire to keep out of all difficulty ourselves,
and to remain actually as well as theoretically
neutral; if we wish to give Spain no cau-.e of
war and Cuba no reason to doubt our sjm-
pathy,by placing both parties upon an equality,
we can find direct and abundenfc precedent
therefor in our own history and the history of
every civilized country on earth. And if we
desire to carry out the policy of the Admin-
istration, and help Spain to crush Cuba, we
can And precedent therefor in the partition of
Poland ; we can find also, even in our own his-
tory, a further precedent, in the Administration
of John Quiney Adams, the President who
prevented Simon Bolivar from aiding Cuba to
throw off the yoke of Spain.
Sir, if we do nothing at all, as the President
requests, we can leave Cuba still in her death-
grapple while we free and uphold the arm of
Spain to strike her ; if we do next to nothing,
as the minority of the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee recommend, we can only stop Spain
from gaining our further help until some other
forced construction of the law is made in the
interests of oppression. If we declare that
neutrality which the majority of the committee
request, we do very little, indeed ; not enough
to complicate us m the smallest degree with
Spain, not enough to undo the wrong wo have
already done, but still enough to give some
small encouragement to the patriots and the
opportunity for aid to those who were foolish
enough to think we should have sympathized
with them in their struggle. We will give,
peihaps, some small moral encouragement and
some slight rebuke to the policy of defiance or
distortion of law which allowed the Spanish
fleet to openly sail from our shores to destroy
a people and subjugate a colony with which we
v:e•/<: ut ptvice.
Sir, f ba\e had nuuesiie in what J have said
to attack improperly the administration of
General Grant. It has been a pure and wise
and prudent Administration in most particu-
lars ; but in my opinion its foreign policy ha?
been weak and indefensible. How much of
this is dne to a successful soldier's dread of
war, how much to a Secretary's nepotism, and
how much to a Senator's vanity, I do not know.
Even if my grasp were strong enough, I would
willingly pluck no laurel from the brow of the
hero of Appomattox; but I tell him fearlessly
that some of his laurels will wither if he trusts
them to the guardianship of those who have
misadvised him upon this question, and that
the American people will pass swift and terri-
ble judgment upon those who have defied their
instincts of fair play and outraged their sym-
pathy with liberty by helping Spain to rivet
chains on Cuba. If we yield here now to the
behests of executive power; if we disregard
the call of humanity and justice, and change
the policy of American neutrality into a policy
of helping the oppressor, and if in consequence
of our action in so doing the flame of liberty
shall go out forever in Cuba, we must answer
it to our constituents, we must answer it to
our consciences, we must answer it at the day
of judgment.
_ Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I was con-
siderably surprised at the positions taken in
the message of the President of the United
Stales on the subject of Cuban belligerency.
The axiom of' law bearing upon this question
has been laid down as follows :
"If a body of persons assemble together to protect
themselves and support their own independence, and
111 like laws and have courts of justice, that is evidence
of their beihj? a State.''-3 Buigham'a Jieports, page
433.
In the remarkable message of the President
we are told that Cuba cannot be lecognizsd as
a State because it has no seat of government,
no prize courts, &c,; yet we find that in truth
Cuba has the requisites defined by the author-
ity I have cited as necessary to constitute a
State.
Mr. Speaker, it is the duty of our people to
assume the open and avowed leadership of all
American peoples; to see that no European
monarch shall oppress or hold under merci-
less despotism an American colony. And it
is the solemn duty of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to exercise a watchful vigilance in
this connection, and especially to see tbat the
people of Cuba have at least impartial neutral-
ity, not only so far as our Governmentofficials
are concerned, but that England or any other
Power should not be permitted to act toward
the Cuban patriots in the manner which has
been done in the case of the vessel called the
Lillian ; that is, to seize her and sell the cargo
of arms and ammunition, all the property of
the Cubans, to Spain, to be used against the
Cubans, and that for a price less than one
third the actual cost and value thereof.
Cuban discontent with Spanish rule is no
new thing. Every traveler, of any land, who
has visited the island for a quarter of a century,
and written about it, records his experience of
the utter absence of personal liberty and per-
sonal security, either of life or property, there.
They all give uniform testimony that there is
no secure enjoyment of property, no justice
without purchase at enormous rates of shame-
ful and shameless bribery, and ail sorts of judi-
cial enormity, if the phrasebeallowable. Span-
ish rule in Cuba, i*n other words, is a regular
system of official pillage and plunder.
The military were given as early as 1825, and
up to the present time are intrusted with every
branch of administration, even to the making
of by-laws for the colored population. Spain
sometimes boasts of a school system iij Cuba :
but there is no such thing, for the officials who
had the funds in charge stole every cent of it;
and all of it was laised by Cubans. The Cap-
tain General could doubtless tell how much
of it went into the royal coneis at Madrid.
It has been the settled and undeviatiug Span-
ish policy in Cuba, and, indeed, everywhere,
to promote all that tends to degrade the peo-
ple, body and soul. This is the evidence of
the celebrated French scholar, Ampere, who"
visited the United States, Cuba, and Mexico
sometime about 1854. He declares (page 178,
volume two, of his,work entifled "Promenade,
en Atnerique,") that " every where Iheardoiie
universal expression of discontent with Spain."
He says ho "saw it manifested every,instant
by all classes^ from the highest personages to
those of the most modest condition. Every
one agrees to complain of the vices of Spanish
policy and Government which are felt in every
branch of administration." (Page 216.)
Pursuingthe idea enunciated at the outstart,
I may say tfiat no body of men have gone to
aid Cuba, either from Europe or America,
except about seventy-five who were landed
from two vessels in May, 18G9. The struggle,
from the outset up to this time, has been ab-
solutely that of the Cubans against a ruthless,
insatiate European tyranny and spoliation.
In area, that part of Cuba involved in the
revolution is fully three fourths of the island,
or-thirty-five thousand square miles. Only
that nariow part westward of Havana has re-
mained undisturbed by the operations of the
patiiots ; but even there and in Havana the
people are only awaiting arms and ammuni-
tion to break out into revolution.
The patriot government in operation on tlie
island is absolutely more completely organized
than that which carried our forefathers through
the Revolution of 177G. It has a president
and a congress with full and ample powers, all
of which are recognized by the native Cuban
pe.ople in and out of Cuba. One event will
illustrate the authority of the congress. At one
period of the struggle the commander-in-chief
of the patriot forces, believing that his power
was too much restricted by the congress to
arrange matters, called a convention (junta)
of the principal officers and some prominent
citizens, on the loth of December, 1869, with
a view to secure the enlargement of his func-
tions. The congress regarded this as subver-
sive of the civil power, and at once deposed
the military commander, directing him to trans-
fer his command to another, which was done
without the least resistance; thus showing the
greatest possible subordination of the military
to the civil branch of the government, and
giving conclusive evidence of the existence of
an established government among the patriots.
The President is assisted by a cabinet com-
posed of a secretary of State ; the department
of foreign affairs, of haciendas or treasury,
war, and of the navy, and interior. Those
who hold those oflicesand fill those places are
men of decided ability. Attached to the treas-
ury are officers charged with the manufacture
of military supplies; also the making of salt
for the people generally. Under the secretary
of the interior is the civil administration of the
several States and the operations of the postal
department, which really are organized in a
highly creditable manner. In each State is a
governor elected by the people. Each State
is divided into districts with a lieutenant gov-
ernor ; these districts are again subdivided into
prefectships and sub-prefeetships, having at
their respective heads officers all elected by
the people by general ballot, and without any
distinction of race or color.
The prefects and sub-prefects are virtually
justices of the peace, with certain adminis-
trative duties, including the provision of food
for such as require aid in that respect; and
they are independent of military control in a
remarkable degree for such a ciisis. The
Cubans have suffered so long and so heavily
from military oppression that in the establish-
ment of their own government they have shown
extreme jealousy of the military power, and
guarded against abuses in all possible ways,
although everything now depends upon military
efficiency.
But it is said the Cubans have no sea-port
towns nor prize courts, and hence assert they
