2556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 0,
porting interests of the city of New York. For 1
one, I have spoken here uniformly for the con-
sumers and the producers of this country; and
when the gentlemen on either side speak so
often about the manufacturing interests of then-
districts, representing, as some gentlemen on
this side do, in New Jersey the manufacture of
pottery, in Pennsylvania the iron manufactures,
in California some other particular interest—
when that is done, I understand how to recon-
cile all these ideas on t.he principle laid down
'by my friend from Pennsylvania near me,
[ilr. Woodward,] that this tariff system is a
great grub game, mid the man who can secure
the most for his district seems somehow or
other to be the favorite at home. Now, what
we want is some large, catholic, democratic
republican spirit., which will reach all points,
and make our revenues equal to the needs of
the Government, and to the payment of the
interestonthe public debt, leaving afair surplus
in the Treasury, and to establish a fair, decent
tariff for that purpose, and for nothing else.
Now, sir, as to these paper-machines, I un-
derstand what is the meaning of these felts and
belts. 1 know that woolen enters into them.
I presume that shoddy enters into them. If
shoddy does not enter into them, shoddy, or
rags,which make shoddy, enter into the manu-
facture of paper. And the fastidious gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ivellky] would not, I
suppose, write a letter to his constituents on
paper manufactured from rags drawn from the
oriental lanar-houses. He would protect us
against the fevers of the Orient in the matter
of rags when they enter into the manufacture
of woolen goods, and by the same reasoning
he ought to protect us in a similar way when
those rags enter into the manufacture of paper.
A Member, llags come m free.
Mr. COX. I do not care whether they come
in free or not. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, to be consistent, ought to apply the
same principle to paper that be does to woolen
goods. This "protection" which is so much
talked of is like one of those New England
machines : if you put your finger in it will
draw in your hand, and after that your arm,
and then your whole body. It is better to let
the finger go than to lose the whole arm, and
it is better to lose the arm than to permit the
whole body to be drawn in and destroyed.
Thus we have seen the ruin inflicted upon the
woolen manufacture by measures which were
intended to protect it and build it up.
In support of my position on this subject I
refer to the statement of Mr. Commissioner
Wells, who is not a free trader, who, though a
Republican, is denounced by gentlemen on the
other side because he dares to tell the truth.
This is the language of Mr. Wells:
"What is now needed to restore prosperity to the
woolen industry is a removal of all duties on tho
importation of foreign wools and dyostufk, and a
general reduction ot' the duties on manufactured
woolen fabrics of every description to 25 per cent, ad
•valorem. On this the mo.-t experienced woolen
manufacturers of the country assure the Commis-
sioner that they can at once extend, diversify, and
secure prosperity to their business. On this basis
the cost of domestic woolen fabrics will bo so far re-
duced as to give great relief to the consumer and lead
loan immediate and largely increased consumption.
And on this basis only can the wool-grower expect
any immediate increased demand."
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. ELiA. I desire to say one word in reply
to remarks which have been made upon this
floor in regard to the enormous profits which
the woolen manufacturers are supposed to
make, and the great monopoly which it is
alleged they enjoy. I happen to live in a woolen
manufacturing town : and I propose to state
what I know to be actual facts in reference to
this branch of' industry. In the year 1864 one
of the woolen manufacturing establishments of
' my town earned 55 per cent, upon the capital
invested. From the handsome dividends of
that year a large amount was laid aside as sur-
plus for contingencies. From the profits of
that year the corporation built a woolen mill
of brick, capable of containing ten sets of
woolen machinery. Notwithstanding the fact
that they had the water-power necessary to
run the machinery of this new mill, that they
had all the organization required to carry it
on, the profits upon wooleu manufactures have
been so small from that day to this that they
have never put the machinery into the mill,
and the building stands there to-day empty;
because since it was built the manufacture of
woolen goods has not paid a fair profit.
The dividends which have apparently been
derived from woolen manufactures in this coun-
try during the last five years have in fact been
drawn from the surplus which was set aside
from the earnings of that branch of manufac-
tures in 18G3 and 1864. I believe that the
woolen manufacturing business in this coun-
try, except that devoted to the making of
blankets, has not during the last five years
paid an average of 0 per cent, on the capital
invested. The fact that notwithstanding the
high price of labor and the taxation to which
these men have been subjected, wooleu goods
are to-day, allowing for the difference between
specie and greenbacks, about as cheap as they
were before the war, ought to bo a sufficient
answer on this point. 1 will say fuither that
one establishment manufacturing cotton goods
within six miles of my residence, one of the
largest establishments in my State, has recent-
ly, instead of making dividends, actually been
using up its capital stock, reduciug it from
§20(1 to §100 a share, and making assessments
to pay the deficiency.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] one
question. At the time these woolen manufac-
turers were making high dividends was not the
tariff on wooleu goods lower than it is now ?
Mr. ELA. I think it was the same as it is
now.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, and others.
Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. Gold was then at 200.
Mr. ARCHER? The one hundred and twenty-
third rule of the House is as follows:
"123. A motion to striko out the enacting words of
a bill shall havo precedence of a motion to amend;
and, if carried, shall bo considerod equivalent to its
rejection. Whenever a bill is reported from a Com-
mittee of tho Whole with a recommendation to striko
out the enacting words, and such recommendation is
disagreed to by tho House, tho billshallstandreeom-
mitted to tho said committee without further action
by the House."
Under that rule I move to strike out the
enacting clause of this bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on tho pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. COX. I should like to have a vote on
the pending amendment.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will with-
draw liis amendment I will renew it.
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment; but
I do not renew it for the purpose of advocating
it, but for the purpose of condoling with my
friend from New York in his complaint of the
want of a large, comprehensive, catholic spirit
in the Democracy, and in his regrets that there
are Democrats all round him who are falling
away from the suppoit of his favorite theory.
In New Jersey, where they have thread, and
in California, where they have belts, indeed
wherever they see the practical operation of
the theory of the gentleman itself, they drop
away one after the other, and he calls out for
"a more catholic, comprehensive, and patri-
otic spirit '' among the Democracy, that will
rise above everything else but theory and ad-
here to that, let what will come. I suggested
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] j
the other day that if we could take up the man-
ufacturing town of Lowell, or Manchester, or
Lawrence, and place it in the prairies of the
West he would find it difficult to persuade the
farmers there was nothing in the protecting
principle which afforded them such a large
remunerative market.
Mr. JOHNSON rose.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield at this time.
Mr. Chairman, it is true that wherever the
practical operation of this matter is seen there
is the fact visible which the gentleman from
Now York sees like the handwriting upon tho
wall. That is confessed, and there need not
be any dispute about the fact. They may give
whatever reason they please for it. It is ad-
mitted. It was admitted by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, but for a different
reason than we assume, that the wool interest
was depressed all over the country. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Asper] ascribed it
to these prohibitory duties the other day in tho
free-trade speech which he then made. If that
be so, why does the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] who stands ready to reply to me,
cry out all the livelong day that increased
duty raises the price and robs the people?
What is the cry from morning to night. Why
is it, if under these high protective duties, as
they are called, the woolen interest is lower,
more depressed than for five years ? Why is
that if their theory is so? It illustrates our
theory of protection to the manufacturing in-
terest. It does not raise the price. It stimu-
lates competition and in the end reduces the
price, and 110 more fair Or happy illustration
of that exists than in this very wool interest.
It is because these duties held out the promise
to the manufacturers and wool-growers of tho
country, the prospect that they were to have
this market, that they went i,nto this business,
and it is competition which has brought down
tho price.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, I rise
briefly to answer the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and to state that lie is entirely mis-
taken in regard either to the Democratic party
or his own party, and especially in the West.
I have no doubt my friend from California,
[Mr. Axtell,] who usually sits on my left,
honestly represents his own views, but he does
not represent the views of the Democratic or
the Republican party of tho Pacific slope. As
evidence of that 1 will ask to have read an
editorial article from the Sacramento Daily
Union, a Republican paper published in Cali-
fornia, commenting on the resolution I had the
honor of introducing into this House some time
ago.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The TtiriJj Question—Tho House of Represent-
atives on flic 14th instant refu.-.ed the previous ques-
tion on a resolution virtually declaring fora tarifffor
revenue as against tho theory of protection. There
was also expressed in the resolution a demand for
tho lowest taxation consistent with an economical
administration of tho Government and justice to its
creditors. But though tho llouso declined at once
to vote upon the yuestion, it refused to indefinitely
postpone by 118 to 38. Finally, tho resolution was
referred to tho Committee of Ways and Means,
whereof sciiexcic is chairman; which may im-
ply that it will be unfavorably reported on, as
Schexck is a protectionist. Nevertheless, there isa
rapidly growing sentiment, especially in tho West,
favorable to a revenue instead of a protective tariff.
Commissioner Wells is the head of this party. His
investigations have been most thorough and search-
ing, and they have convinced many protectionists
of their error. He shows that our present tariff is in
reality a piece of machinery to benefit, tho wealthy
manufacturers at tho expense of all other classes,
even the operatives in their shops; that thcpercent.
of duty levied on foreign goods is not in fact paid to
tho Government, but that nearly seven eighths of it
goes indirectly into the pockets of these protected
monopolists, and that it is paid out of the wages and
earnings of tho laborer, tho mechanic, the farmer:
that tho goods worn and imported for the benefit of
the rich are not taxed nearly as high as those worn
by tho poor.
"This is especially tho case with woolens, as wo
explained a lew days ago. The country is taxed
$ldl,000,000 a year to enable tbc manufacturers of
woolen goods worn or used by laborers, mechanics,
farmers—tho poor or common people—to pocket from
00 to 80 per cent, per annum protit on their capital.
1 no tariff for protection compcls the people to pay
thern_ S131.000.000, while they pay tho Government
but SIB,000,000 on woolen importations. It is but
little better -than robbery. The manufacturers of
pig iron come in for like favors at the common cost
of the people. Statistics carefully collected by Com-
missioner w ells, and published recently in a Boston
paper devoted to revonuo reform, show that tho
average total cost of a ton of pig iron at the furnace
