1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2557
is but from $22 06 to $25. This is sold at the average
price of $38 per ton; the clear profits ranging from
40 to 60 .per cent, on the capital invested. The duty
on pig iron is $9gold per ton; and when the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is asked to cut it down to
a revenuestandard that would admit of foreign com-
petition, increase the amountof duties collected into
the Treasury, lessen the price of iron and bringdown
the profits of the monopoly to a standard not so out-
rageously in exccss of the profits yielded from farm-
ing, mcchanical trades, and labor, the stereotyped
reply is, that our furnaces will have to stop and
home production of iron cease.
"If these men cannot do business on a less profit
than 50 per cent, per annum it is time their business
were ended, for no country can a.fford to pay such a
price as a perpetual premium on its home production
of any article that enters as universally as wool or
iron into the wants of the people. The principle of
this resolution is sound. The people are heartily
disgusted with the greed and avarice and corrupt
practices of the protectionists. They demand just
what, is embodied in these three propositions which
the Illinois member's resolution covercd: that no
duty shall be imposed on any article above the lowest
rate which will yield the largest amountof revenue;
that the maximum tariff shall be imposed on the
luxuries consumed by the rich, and not, as now, .on
the necessities of the poor; and that the duty shall
be imposed so as to operate equally throughout the
whole country. If these propositionswere submitted
to a popular vote they would reccive a majority live
times as large as President Grant obtained, and such
a majority no Congress can long resist without en-
dangering tho success of the party that rules it."
During the reading of this paper,
Mr. SCHENCK said: I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman had an opportunity
during the general debate of discussing this
question; and the article has no reference to
belts or belting.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move ' to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] by striking out the last word. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
stated that the people in the West were getting
their eyes opened to the necessary consequences
of this doctrine of free trade, and that they were
everywhere rejecting it. I think that their eyes
are being opened precisely the other way. I
l';el called upon to deny, at any rate, that the
Democracy on the Pacific coast are in favor of
protection.
ilr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has said his
say 
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not disposed to sit
quietly while he denounces me as a robber of
the people.
Mr. SCHBNCIC. I remarked that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
said his say, and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] has replied to him. I think
thatshould be sufficient on thegeneralquestion,
and that we should make this a business debate.
I rose to the point of orderthatit isnot in order
to discuss free trade on this question of belts
and belting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall speak, then, to the
amendment. I propose to reduce the 20 cents
a pound provided in the bill to 15 cents a
pound. Now, I apprehend that the State of
California has justasmuch interestin this mat-
ter of protection, so far as thegeneral proposi-
tion is concerned, as any State in the Union.
The newspaper from which an article has just
neen read, the leading Kepublican paper in
California, denounces the whole scheme, and
justifies me in making this motion of a reduc-
tion from 20 to 15 cents.
This not only proves that I, as one of the
Democrats of California—for we have individ-
ual opinions there as well as party opinions—it
does not only prove that I am justified in making
this amendment, but it proves, if it proves any-
thing, that the Republican party indorses me.
My colleague from the second district [Mr.
Sargent] is here to speak for his party, and he
well represents them. He may take a differ-
ent view from me. He does take a different
view from me on many matters on which his
party agree with him. One of these is the mat-
ter on which we were talking yesterday after-
noon, the Chinese question. I send to the desk
a paper to be read which I think is directly iu
point.
The Clerk read as follows:
What Jjoes Mr. Sehenok Say ?
Miami Univeksity, Oxfoed, Ohio.
Dear Sir.: are all free-traders hero, faculty
and students. 1 do not know one protectionist in the
university. Notwithstanding all this we voted for
GeneralSchenck to represent.us in Congress; not by
reason of his views on the tariff, but in spite of them.
We know him to be honest and capable and faithful.
Furthermore, he must learn a little on this question,
or he will be elected to stay at home next time. AYo
hoped ho was nottoo old to learn, but these hopes may
be disappointed. We should like to retain our old
"bull-dog" Representative,but object to taxing the
whole country in order to eDjoy that luxury. M.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the gentleman acquaint-
ed with the writer of that?
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not. I believe it is
from a newspaper published in the gentleman's
own district.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all. It is a com-
munication addressed to the Free Trader of
New York. I have had a dozen copies of it
sent to me. It is inspired by a gentleman who
wants to succeed me as Representative of the
district.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe it is inspired by
the inspiration which guides all true men who
desire to see this legalized system of robbery
in this country abolished.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is the paper inspired?
I want to know about that. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. All the colleges—nearly all
the learned people—are of that way of thinking.
Mr. JOHNSON. Having placed myselfright,
I do not wish to take up the time of the com-
mittee further in discussing the proposition
now under consideration. I therefore yield
the floor and withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by
striking out'' 25" and inserting " 35." I move
this amendment with the view of calling the
attention of the committee to the particular
clause of the bill lender consideration. The
provision it makes was first embodied in the
wool and woolen tariff of 1867, which passed
through this House, prepared as it was by a
jointcommitteeof wool-growersandwool man-
ufacturers, or parties calling themselves such,
without one word of debate upon this floor,
because the Senate refused to pass the general
bill which had previously passed the House.
It went to the Senate at the close of the long
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. The
Senate sent us back a general tariff bill and it
failed in this House, and the Senate then took
up this wool and woolen tariff bill and passed
it without debate ; so that it stands to-day as
a compact or compromise between men who
call themselves woolen manufacturers and the
wool growers. We passed the bill verbatim,
as they presented it to us, and we passed it
without any discussion.
Now I want to call the attention of the com-
mittee to some facts with reference to this mat-
ter. That bill was prepared by the wool-
growers and woolen manufacturers when we
had a heavy internal tax upon woolen manu-
factures and no tax whatever upon wool. I
have before me a table prepared by John L.
Hayes, secretary of the Wool Manufacturers
Association, in which he shows that the inter-
nal tax amounted on the average to 15 per cent,
of the original cost of those goods. Since that
time we have repealed entirely those internal
taxes, and yet because those of us who are
interested in the wool-growers of this country
now say that there ought to bo a fair reduction
of this tariff, so as to keep the wool-growers
and the woolen manufacturers upon a par, as
they were when the bill was originally passed,
we are to be denounced here as in favor of a
system of free trade. I say that it is a fraud
upon the wool-growers of this country to allow
this tariff to remain as it was enacted in 18G7,
if the original arrangement was a fair one. If
I had time to discuss the provisions of that bill
I think I could show that it was not originally
a fair proposition to the wool-growers of the
country, nor was it a fair proposition to the
great body of the woolen manufacturers of this
country, and a great many of them have pro-
tested against that law; and especially is it
unfair now to the wool-growers, when it gives
the manufacturers, over and above the wool-
growers, a protection of 10 or 15 per cent,
more than they originally asked. If gentlemen
want to be fair to the wool-growers, let them
place the wool-growers and the manufacturers
on the same terms that they stood upon when
the bill was enacted, if it was originally a com-
pact between the two.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Iowa in regard
to this matter. I am very glad to hear him
upon this subject; it is a very interesting one
to his State and to the State which I in part
represent. I would be glad to know whether
there was a compact between the wool-growers
and the woolen manufacturers, and then I
would like to have him tell me which got tho
advantage in that compact.
Mr. ALLISON. There was a compact made
between them. I have here a book showing
all the evidence with reference to it. Congress
registered that compact in the form of a law,
and I say that as it now stands the woolen
manufacturers have the advantage of the wool-
growers from 10 to 15 per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I intend to set a better
example—better than that even of one of the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Allison]—than to go into a general de-
bate on this subject; but 1 will be enabled to
answer him from this very point. There was a
compact entered into by which these " enorm-
ous duties" were put upon this belting, for that
is the subject before us, in I860. Now, it so
happens that exactly this same duty was in the
tariff of 1864 and was copied into the tariff of
1867.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman claim
that the wool and woolen tariff is the same ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not going off into a
discussion of that.
Mr. ALLISON. I was talking about that
tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I am setting abetter
example to tho gentleman. We are consider-
ing now the tariff on belting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 rise to a point of order,
although it is almost destroyed by the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] subsiding. The
point I desired to raise was that we cannot
understand two Republicans talking at the
same time; it is very difficult, indeed, for us
to understand one. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I would rather hear a
dozen Republicans, even at the same time, than
one Democrat; for you would probably get
something better from each of the twelve than
from the Democrat. [Laughter.]
We are now discussing a proposition made
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] lo
reduce the duty on this particular article of
manufacture, and in order to sustain his motion
he goes into a general account of a compact
made between the wool-growers of his district,
I suppose, and of my district and everywhere
else, and the wool manufacturers to raise this
duty on wool, which compact he says was made
in 18G6. But it so happens that the tariff on
wools of 1867, so far as this matter of belting
is concerned, copies the very rate of duty con-
tained in the tariff of 1864. So that his reason
fails him along with his illustration.
Mr. ALLISON. So far as this particular
provision is concerned.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, " this particular pro-
vision" is the very one we are talking about.
We have taken out felts and put them further
along in the bill at a lower rate of duty. That
is the difference between this proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means and the present
law upon the subject. Now, I hope we shall
