187ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
and a half per cent, for the following six years
and four per cent, for the twenty years there-
after. . , .
After the first nine years, I apprehend, and
as others will reason, that our bonds will be-
come scarce from the steady decrease of our
debt, and these bonds, at the reduced rate, will
then even command a premium, from the fact
of their longevity. The positive length of
time which these bonds have to run makes
them exceedingly valuable. The equally posi-
tive declaration upon their face that they are
payable, principal and interest, in gold, and free
from tax either on the principal or the income
therefrom, makes them exceedingly valuable
for trustees of minora, for trustees of large
estates, for institutions holding trust funds, for
savings institutions, and for foreign investors,
who look more to the permanency of their in-
vestments than to large incomes for a short
time in changeable and fundable investments.
Foreign investors also look to the uniformity
of their investments ; the larger the loan, the
more largely they invest in it; they become
better acquainted with it. Perhaps, seeing it
the more frequently, they can ♦.he more easily
detect the good from the counterfeit. Certain |
it is, that from some cause, a long loan, with j
which they are perfectly familiar, and in which !
they have full confidence, commands a much ,
larger price than one subject to redemption in
a few years, or by each Administration that
may come into, power. The public faith, the 1
public credit should be the pride of every
Administration ; and t.o make it so it is my
desire to place it beyond the reach of any party i
that may be tempted, or any class who may ;
look to temporary success upon the advocacy
of any form of repudiation.
Now is the time to test our integrity as a
nation. If we prove ourselves beyond tempta-
tion, while this heavy debtrestsupon us, bright
will be our future. To me the pulling down
of the American flag and hoisting in its place
the confederate was a great crime, and the
punishment could not be too great. But the
advocacy of any form of national repudiation
is greater. The one, by force of arms and
with the aid of our credit, we could replace
and again establish the supremacy of the Gov-
ernmentof the entire Union. But once let the
hideous form of the repudiator drag down
the ensign of our national faith, our publia
credit, and hoist in its place the black flag
of repudiation, and we are crippled in our
most vital part. Without credit you will be
without power to put down rebellion at home,
or to vindicate your honor abroad. In times
of peace, foster and strengthen your public
credit, that in time of war yon may be fortified
against national financial disaster. A man's
good name, his good faith, his credit, once
gone, seldom, if ever, is regained. Woman's
fair fame once blighted by the foul breath of
calumny, and who can restore to her that
whieh is dearer than life, her good name, her
priceless reputation? How like these is our
national good name, our credit, our good faith,
our purity of purpose and strict integrity.
I regretted to hear the other day the proposi-
tion ot the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
SuMNgE,] wherein he proposed a plan to compel
the banks to give up their present bonds and
talcein lieu thereof bonds bearing four per cent.;
and if this were not accepted by the banks, to
reserve for the Government one third their
interest as it became due on the bonds held in
trust for. the banks and to be placed to the
credit of the sinking fund. This, I am sure,
could not have been well considered by the dis-
tinguished Senator. He certainly forgets that
the State banks which were forced out of exist-
ance were mostly secured upon State and other
stocks paying them from six to eight per cent
We must also remember that we tax these na-
tional banks much more heavily than the State
banks were ever taxed; that we are now charg-
ing them heavily for this privilege whieh they
have secured. It is important, also, that the
bonds held by the Government for their circu-
lation should bear a sufficiently large rate of
interest to make them valuable in the market
at all times; so that when we return to specie
payments, if the banks fail to redeem, the
Government will have a bond in their hands
that they may at all times be enabled to real-
ize the means wherewith to redeem the cur-
rency. Otherwise, the Treasury would find
itself greatly embarrassed.
No, Mr. President, no measure of coercion
will ever improve your credit or save anything
to the Government. While it might lie in your
power to commit this great wrong, and save
you six or eight million dollars upon this
amount, it would cost you upon the balance of
your debt an increased interest of not less than
twenty millions; it would so destroy confidence
that it would be impossible to fund your ma- !
turing debt at a less rate of interest than it
now bears. We must allow the banks the same ;
interest as any other class- of our business ,
community; allow them to invest in the best j
1 bonds, those that will make the poor billholder
the most secure, and if you are not satisfied
with the tax imposed upon that business, in-
crease it, as you have the right to do upon that
or any other business, according to justice and
equality.
This* Mr. President, is a plan, which, if ;
; adopted, will enable us to <ana our maturing
debt into a long loan, the interest of which will
only average four and forty-three hundredths
! per cent, per annum for the next thirty-five
; years; although we pay six per cent, per annum
for the first three years, by calculation it will
; be found that we only pay five and one third
: per cent, per annum for the first nine years.;
: and for the following twenty-six years it will
be found that we only pay about four and one
ninth per cent, per annum. This is upon busi-
ness principles, that while our credit is de-
i pressed, and while paying large interest on
other loans for the coming, few years* we must
! pay a large rate of interest upon the first few
years of this loan, and by making it a long time
j we reap the advantage that such permanency
gives us in the increased popularity of long
loans, and at the same time we secure the
gradual decrease of the rate of interest.
Besides this plan each yearmakes the ques-
tion one of less and less political importance.
As the people-will get an equivalent in the low
rate of interest that the bond will bear after ,
the first nine years, the question df the taxa-
tion of Government bonds will then have died
out. This question, the right to tax, so often
and so justly declared unconstitutional, has
been one of some perplexity to many of our
well-meaning citizens; but to every thoughtful
mind it is very clear that if that right were
admitted such tax might be levied so high as.
to make Government bonds perfectly worth-
less, and in some cases in cities the taxation,
including State, city, and county taxes, would
probably exceed the interest on the bond.
Again, the plan I offer avoids the trouble,
annoyance, and expense of refunding the vari-
ous and multifarious loans which are becoming
too numerous and varied. Let iis have one
long, large, and popular loan fixed in its time,
without option of the Government, a bond
that funds itself without an act of Congress,
without engraving new bonds, or a large force
to sign, seal, and number, and another to
cancel, examine, and redeem, the old ones;
without agents all over the country and in
Europe at each period of the redaction of the
interest. All these points, are w rth consid-
ering.
This, too, will place $1,000,000,000 of our,
bonded debt where it will not embarrass us in
paying the balance, or funding, it at a lower
rate of interest. It will by this graduating pro-
cess bring our loan down to a rate equal to
the most favored nations of Europe, without
doubling our debt and without violating our
honor or integrity in the slightest degree.
Objections may be urgea against this plan
for the reason that it does not apparently re-
duce the interest for the first three years. I£
however, by paying one per cent, extra for
three years you get your loan a half per cent,
per annum less for twenty years, it certainly is
much more favorable to Government, and it is
our duty to adopt that plan.
A plain four per cent, loan, I am satisfied,
cannot be sold upon this or the European mar-
ket at anything like par. Some inducement
beyond that must be offered. Better invest-
ments can be found. While a plain four-and-
a-half per cent, bond would be nearer the point
at which a loan could be negotiated, I think
unless Government made this a positive long
loan, Bay forty years, it could not be negotiated
at par. In case, however, such a loan should
be determined upon, I would suggest making
the interest payable every four months. This,
I believe, would make such a bond more at-
tractive. This would give to the holder of a
thousand dollar bond fifteen dollars each four
months. To the masses such a bond might
prove tempting. If, however, Government
reserves the right to fund after ten years it
would very much depreciate the bond without
an equivalent, and place it below par. At the
same time it would be a matter of great doubt
whether it could ever be funded thereafter at a
lower rate considering the short time it would
have to run before you would be prepared to
pay the same.
Therefore my preference for a positive long
loan, not divided into separate small loans,
but one large loan sufficient in amount and in
length of time to become known and popular
in the European as well as our own market.
Theunstable,unreliable,uncertain, and change-
able character of our loans thus far has, in my
opinion, been greatly detrimental to the Gov-
ernment. Every one can see that bonds of
1881, due in eleven years, are now worth three
per cent, more than bonds of 1867, which are
payable in seventeen years, bat liable to be
redeemed after two or three years. This uncer-
tainty, even at this rate, upon $1,000,000,000,
namely, three per cent., would amount to
$30,000,000. In the same proportion in nego-
tiating a positive thirty-five year loan, it would
probably make a difference in favor of the
Government of nearly one hundred million
dollars, and perhaps more, taking into consid-
eration the reduction in interest.
Therefore, I trust that this portion of our
debt may be funded into such a bond that it
shall not be subject to any funding scheme for
a long time. If Government has the means
to pay these bonds sooner, let it enter the
! market and purchase them like other pur-
: chasers, or as it does now-. I have no fears,
however, but that the money ■mil be worth to
i the people of this thriving, prosperous, and
! growing country not less than four per cent,
i per annum for the next flftJy years; •
! I had hoped the Committee on Finance would
! accept this or 0(?me kindred bill to accomplish
this much-desired object. While this holds
out a great inducement for holders Off bonds to
exchange them for a bond that hi ante to pay
them five per cent, for the next fifteen years,
it gives us the very lew-rate of four per cent,
for die following t wenty years. This will enable
us to reduce our taxes to the actual expenses
of the Government, with the exception of the
small amount that we may annually add to the
sinking fund to redeem the amount of debt and
pay the interest in excessof the $1,000,000,000.
It will become necessary for the Secretary
of the Treasury to have at his disposal a large
sum of money in order that he may be prepared,
when he enters the market with ^ this or any
other bond bearing a less rate of interest than
those that he intends to redeem, to offer the
option to the holder of the five-twenty bond
the money or a new bond at the reduced rate
of interest. To meet this necessity oar reve-
nues should be kept near the present volume,
which mil place in the hands of the Secretary
a sum of fifty to one hundred million dollars.
