1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
so many and severe criticisms, and I must be
excused for saying misrepresentations of the
■bill, for it is not intended to discriminate against
Chinese any further than the welfare of this
country may require. I suppose that the law
prohibiting the African slave trade might be
construed as a discrimination against Africans
because it 'did not allow certain persons to
import Africans into the United States. If
Senators will not allow themselves to be car-
ried away by excitement, and not imagine that
this is in conflict with some theory of absolute
equality among all men by which they are gov-
erned, and will look at the bill and give it a
practical and reasonable construction, they will
see that its object is to prevent the importation
of coolies, persons who are treated as slaves.
A ship-load of about five hundred of these per-
sons were taken from China not long ago, and
some four hundred of them jumped overboard
and committed suicide because they were to
be transported contrary to their will to foreign
countries as laborers ; and if you make any
law to prevent this traffic it must be an efficient
law, and must necessarily prohibit these con-
tracts.
Now, sir, I suppose the Senator is familiar
with the operations of a Mr. Koopmanschap
and others of a similar class in this country,
who have been making contracts with Chinese
houses in San Francisco to import hundreds
of Chinese into this country as laborers with-
out respect to the will of the persons who are
to come. It is understood that if a contract is
made with certain houses in San Francisco to
bring to the United States five hundred or a
thousand Chinamen, they will come as a mat-
ter of course, and that these houses have the
power to bring them whatever their own will
may be upon the subject; and it is to prevent
operations, of that kind that I have offered this
bill.
Sir, when I was returning from Washington
last summer I traveled in company with a man
who represented himself as the agent of three
southern States, and was going to San Fran-
cisco to make arrangements to bring Chinese
laborers into the United States if he could by
contract there ; if not, he was about to go to
China and make arrangements there for the
importation of these persons. I think that this
is a legitimate subject of legislation, and I think
it is the duty of the Governmentof the United
States to crush out this business. While every
Chinaman is left to come to the United States
if he sees proper, yet I think it is the manifest
duty of the Government to prevent this coolie
trade, which has been commenced and is car-
ried on with other countries and to some extent
wilh the United States. Referring to the im-
portation of women, I ask the Senator in what
light he regards the picture which I have pre-
sented from these newspapers in California?
Does he wish to see that trade continued ? Safe
enough, no doubt, in Kansas, he cares little for
the people of the Pacific coast, their morals or
their happiness. But he, carried away with his
idea of absolute equality of all people, seeks to
prevent any protection by law to the people of
that section of the country from this deluge of
crime and pollution.
I claim, sir, that this bill is one that is entitled
to the attention of the committee and of the
Senate, and that there is nothing in it incon-
sistent with our treaty stipulations or the genius
Or spirit of our institutions; and I hope that
without any undue prejudice produced by any
criticisms upon it, made without comprehend-
ing its meaning and effect, the committee will
give it a careful consideration. When it is
brought to_ the attention of the Senate then,
of course,' it will be more fully discussed.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I think
with the Senator from Oregon that the United
States should have a police regulation with
regard to the immigration of Chinese to this
country, and should prohibit by suitable laws
the importation of coolies and should discour-
age anything that tends to interfere with the
free will of that people in coming and going.
Many of the Chinese in early days were brought
here under contracts for labor. The trade has
not been carried on with the United States in
the shameful manner that it has been with other
countries; still there is grave suspicion that un-
due influences have been used to import Chinese
into this country, and there is no doubt that
there ought to be police regulations with regard
to the importation of the class of persons
referred to in the bill.
I should like further to suggest to the Com-
mittee on Commerce that while they have this
matter under consideration they ought to ex-
amine the police regulations that California
has made. She imposes a tax of five dollars
a head on all immigrants Jom China, which I
think is an unfair and discriminating tax against
them. I think it is a subject that Congress
should consider, and Congress should make
such police regulations as will be in harmony
with our treaty stipulations with China and pre-
vent California from imposing any undue or
unreasonable burdens upon these people, and
at the same time she should be properly pro-
tected from the importation of Chinese ; not
from the immigration of Chinese, for I do not
apprehend there is any danger in that direction.
If the Chinese are left alone to come and go
freely the country is not going to be overrun
with them. When you have fifty or one hun-
dred million whites what will be the danger
from half a million Chinese? But this mat-
ter of importation should be prohibited, par-
ticularly where it interferes with the free will
of the parties. Chinese are not coming to
America in very large numbers if they are not
brought here by force.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Nevada
will permit me to suggest to him that this bill
prohibits the making of any contract, not
simply for the importation of Chinese, but for
their immigration. No contract can be made
by which a Chinaman can emigrate from his
own country to this.
Mr. STEWART. I have not examined the
particular provisions of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. That is in the first section.
Mr. STEWART. I simply meant to refer
to the general subject, and to say that we ought
to have police regulations by the United States,
and that it should be inquired into whether
California by her laws is interfering with our
treaty stipulations.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
reference of the bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, my friend the
Senator from Oregon, in reading an extract
from a San Francisco paper depicting a scene
that occurred at the wharf on the landing of
one of the steamers from China, neglected to
disclose a fact which I wish to bring to the
attention of the Senate. It was stated, in the
imaginative language of the reporter for the
paper, that these persons were herded together
like sheep or cattle, which I presume is not
much of an exaggeration of the facts ; but they
were herded together for the purpose of enforc-
ing a compliance with the revenue laws. They
were taken in custody for the purpose of exam-
ination by white women,detailed by the collector
of the port to make the examination, to prevent
smuggling. The Chinese are ingenious in their
methods of evading the revenue laws, perhaps
in that respect are equal to some of the white
people. They sometimes bring opium into the
port of San Francisco upon their persons
concealed. We know that this is a very val-
uable commodity in proportion to its quantity,
and the tariff upon it is very high, and a good
deal, I presume, has been brought in in this way
upon the persons of men and women coming
into that port from China; and these persons
were huddled together in the manner specified
for the purpose of examining them to determ-
ine whether or not there was any opium upon
their persons ; whether or not there was an
attempt on their landing to evade the revenue
laws.
Now, I will go as far as the Senator from
Oregon can wish any one to go in favor of
excluding from this country, not only from the
port of San Francisco but from all other ports
of the United States, any class of population
whose presence among us may be detrimental
to our morals or our physical or political
advancement. That a great many persons are
imported from China whose presence in this
country is not only of no use but really detri-
mental to the general welfare I have no doubt.
But there are others who come distinguished for
their industry, their economy, their ingenuity,
and their enterprise. We have relied upon
them to a great extent in California and the
Territories of the West for their labor. They
have assisted to build our railroads; they have
been employed as servants in almost every
capacity; they are to-day employed in our
manufactories; and it is difficult to see how we
could have got along anywhere near so fast as
we have in those industries had it not been for
this description of labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will suspend. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment last evening, being the
bill (S. No. 291) to encourage and _promote
the International Industrial Exhibition to be
held in Washington city in the year 1871, now
comes up, and on that bill the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamijn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. -I should like to have my
bill referred if there is no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there can be no
objection to its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon desires to have his bill referred. If
there be no objection it will be referred to "the
Committee on Commerce. Is there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like an amend-
ment which I have drawn to go with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
also will be referred if there be no objection.
The Chair hears'no objection. The bill and
amendment will be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
EXTENSION OP HOLIDAY RECESS.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my friend from Maine
to give way for a moment that we may dispose
of_ the House resolution in relation to the
adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York appeals to the Senator from Maine
to give way informally in order to take up the
House resolution proposing to extend the re-
cess.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that a question
of privilege?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be if
there was no other business before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it does not displace the
pending measure I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not if the
unfinished business is laid aside informally.
The Chair understands that there is no objec-
tion to the pending bill being laid aside inform-
ally, and the Secretary will report the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
S<i>iate e°no«>-riiig,) That tho recess
5iouscs^an^to^omm1;nee ou^ho^iTfinstantJbe and
day rfJanu"xt?r°m the ®th t0 MoBdBy'thc 1Uth
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
0nM0n?™A?Sin the amendment of the House.
ii1' "OWK I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
S16 Si31"' nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am paired off on this
resolution with the Senator from Rhode island,
Mr. Akthont. He would vote for the reso-
lution if he were here, and I against it.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to sfatf Hint my
