3502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
the work itself, and that it shall revert to the I
Government, We also provide that after every !
six months, until the work is accomplished if
they shall have failed to carry ou the work
during that time, they shall forfeit all their
rights under this bill, and all that they have
done shall revert to the Government.
Now, in regard to the greatspeculation there
is in this thing. The gentleman says that this
is to be a hotel and stores. Now, we have
amended the bill so as to provide that the
stalls shall be twenty feet in height. We have
made every provision to make this bill ample
and sufficient for market-house purposes.
The gentleman said in his remarks that this
proposed market-house would encroach upon
Pennsylvania avenue. I am sorry he has not
read the bill, for he would have seen that it
has been so amended as to prevent anything >
of the kind. Let me state just what this pro-
vides. This market-house down here on the
avenue, you all know where it is and what it is,
looks like au old fish-market. Every one
knows what a stench there is about the place.
The people here may think that I am not
much of a friend of Washington city. How, I
have not any particular enmity to Washington.
I have been in favor of getting Congress away
from here. Still I do say that if this ground is
to be used for market-house purposes I am
willing to allow anybody to put such a building
upon it as this bill provides for, and give the
city an opportunity to take it after thirty years,
although they will not build it themselves; the
city to take it after thirty years upon paying the
cost of it, and after having received during that
time $25,000 a year for the support of the city.
I think that is a good thing for the city.
Now, letme tell you how much ground there -
is for the statement of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] that this bill
proposes to take up any portion of Pennsyl-
vania avenue. The square just east of mar-
ket space, between Sixth and Seventh streets,
contains as many front feet a3 market square
itself. On it stand twenty-one houses, renting ;
on the average for about two thousand dollars 1
each, or $42,000 altogether, which income rep- ,
resents a capital of $400,000 for the ground and j
improvements. That is the capital that is rep-
resented in all these houses. Now, the city
has received for premiums upon stalls sold at
auction for the last fifteen years—now mark
what I say—all told, the sum of $2,432 60.
That is the revenue which has been derived
by the city, from all these market stalls for the
last fifteen years, for this old concern down
here.
Now, in regard to the obstruction that has
been spoken of to be caused by this building
on south B street in rear of the present market.
Upon that street now stands the whole of the
old fish-market and the cattle pens. This bill
proposes to open up this street for a width of
forty-five feet, by removing the objectionable
cattle pens to the reservation between Tenth
and Twelfth street. It interferes with nothing;
it obstructs no street, but it opens one. It
drives away the old cattle pens and fish-market
and opens the street there. The gentleman is
also mistaken when he says this is an encroach-
ment upon any street or avenue in the city of
Washington.
Mr. GRISWOLD. How much is to be used
for market purposes?
Mr, LOGAN. It all has to be used for this
purpose; the lower part of the building with
stalls twenty feet high all around is to be ex-
clusively used for that purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Do not they propose to
take one hundred feet along Pennsylvania ave-
nue and devote it to stores and hotels?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; they propose, to
take eighty feet. \
Mr. VAN WYCK. And an alley-way of
ten feet.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know what they
will use it for. It is provided that this build-
ing at the end of thirty years, after these par-
ties shall have paid $25,000 a year to the city,
shall go to the city for what it cost.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is it not provided that
the city may buy it at the end of twenty years ?
Mr. LOGAN. I trust the gentleman will
keep quiet for a little while. 1 have already
stated that matter half a dozen time3.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then why not let the
city buy it now?
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
keep quiet. I did not interrupt him when he
was speaking. 1 have stated over and over
again that the city receives only $25,000 an-
nually ; and if at the end of thirty years the
city is willing to pay the amount that has been
expended for the building, it may, by doing
so, become the owner. The amount of the
expenditure is to be ascertained and fixed
under the authority of Congress. At the end
of thirty years the city may pay the original
cost of the building, as ascertained and fixed
by Congress, and may take possession of it.
We see men running around here and making
objection to this measure. We have seen the
same thing in Congress heretofore iu connec-
tion with every measure of this kind. If one
company undertakes to get a charter for this
purpose, some other body of men want the
franchise. If it is proposed to put the matter
under the control of the mayor and common
council, then the citizens want to have it in
their hands, alleging that the mayor aud coun-
cil want to make some "stealings" out of the
matter. If a private company proposes to take
charge of the affair, the mayor and common
council fight the proposition. This is the way
the measure has been delayed heretofore. This
is the first time that there has been anything
like an agreement between the mayor and coun-
cil on the one side and the citizens on the
other. The amendments made in the Senate
were adopted upon consultation with the
mayor, who declared them perfectly satisfac-
tory to him and those who have been opposing
the bill. I have supported the bill because I
believed it to be the most satisfactory solution
of this question. When I found the measure
assented to by all parties and classes in the
city—merchants, bankers, &e., as well as the
mayor—I said I was willing the city of Wash-
ington should have this authority to build a
market-house. For this reason I have con-
curred in presenting this report. I now ask
for a vote.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the report be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that a conference report ia always voted upon
directly, the question being will the House
accept or reject the report ?
Mr. FARNSWOR1H. We have the right
to move to lay the report on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order if
the gentleman insists on it; but it is entirely
nnusual. Laying the report on the table would
be simply equivalent to rejecting it.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the motion, and
call for the yeas and nays on agreeing to the
report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and itwasdecided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 51, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barnum, Barry, Beatty. Ben-
i'ainin, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, James
irooks, Buckley, Burchard, Cake. William '1'.Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield, Getz,
Gibson. Giltillan, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Harris,
Hawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hotohkiss, Ingersoll,
Kelley, Kellogg, Keteharn, Laflin, Lewis, Logan,
Mayham, Maynard, McCrary, McKee, McKenzie,
Milnes, Morgan, Morphis, Mungen, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent. Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum.William J. Smith,
Stevens, Stiles, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman.Townsend/i'wichell, Tyner, Upson,
Voorhees, Welker, Wheeler,Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood,and Woodward—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Beaman,
Beck, Benton, George M. Brooks, Baffin ton, Bur-
dott, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill
Amasa Cobb, Conner, Cowles, C'rebs, Ela, Eldridge'
Furnsworth, Fitch, Hawkins, Hay, liolman, Julian'
ICelsey, Knott, McGrew, McNeely.Mereur, Eliakim
11. Moore, William Moore, Daniol J. Morrell, Nib-
lack, Paine, Pomeroy, Randall, Rice, SooGold,
Shanks, John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stnrk-
weather. Stokes, Strong, Sweeney, Taylor, Van
Wyck, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, Whitmore, and
Winans—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Banks,
Bennett, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Buck, Roderick R. But-
ler, Calkin, Clevoland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Co-
vode, Cox. Cullom, Davis, Dawes. Degener, Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Gris-
wold.Haight, llambleton, Hamilton, Heaton, Hoar,
llogo. Hooper, Jenckcs, Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knapp, Lash,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch,Marshall,McCarthy,
MoCormiek, J esse H.Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Orth. Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
t Power, Prosser, Reeves, llidgway, Rogers, Porter
Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthingion C.
Smith, Stevenson, Stone, Strader, Trimble, Van
Aukcn, Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward. William B.
Washburn, Wells, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Witoher—-78.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FINKELNBURG said: On this ques-
tion I am paired with thegentlemanfrora Texas,
[Mr. Dehener.] If he were here, he would
[ vote " ay," and I should vote " no."
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, announced that he
was paired on this question with Mr. Law-
rence. He (Mr. Clark) would have voted
"ay," and Mr. Lawrence "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
; The latter motion was agreed to.
I APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i. Union on the Navy appropriation bill, I desire
| to have an understanding of a remark of the
I gentleman from Ohio. 1 interpret his remark
| made a moment ago that he will not call up
the tariff bill in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union until after the regular
appropriation bills in committee had been dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. The remark I made was
that I wonld yield to the gentleman represent-
ing the Committee on Appropriations to pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bills most
pressing in their character, reserving to myself
expressly the right in two or three days to move
to go into committee on the tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. None of the appropriation
bills is more pressing or important than another.
They are all important and all urgent. I wish
to say to the House, if I have misinterpreted
the gentleman's remark, and if he will not con-
sent to postpone the further consideration of
the tariff bill until after the regular appropri-
ation bills have been considered in committee,
one being as important as another 
Mr. SCHENCK. I made no remark so gen-
eral as that. I stated my willingness to agree
that the next two or three days should be de-
voted to the appropriation bills. Under the
order of the House this morning the committee
will report back again as soon as possible the
bill for the reduction of the internal taxes.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
will bring back his internal tax bill as soon as
possible. I desire, in view of the fact that the
gentleman will bring back his tax bill in a few
days, and in view of the further fact, as hp
himself admits, that there is no prospect of the
tariff bill becoming a law 
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I have never said
a word of the kind.
Mr. DAWES. Well, of the bill becoming
a law this Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not said so.
Mr. DAWES. He admits it will not pass
this session of Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. What I said was that the
bill Bhould be passed as early as possible this
