1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5391
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects, and the motion cannot be
entertained at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope the Chair will
consider that I have the floor for this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has the floor for a petition, if
he desires to present it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, sir; I desire to
present a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are now in order ; pending which
the Chair, under the twenty-fourth rule, will
lay before the Senate a joint resolution from
the House of Representatives which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin"] desired
to have passed last evening, and which, being
objected to, was withdrawn by the temporary
occupant of the Chair at that time.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope that joint resolution
will be passed now. It has received the assent
of the Naval Committee.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint'resolution (H. R. No. 359) in
relation to enlistments in the Marine corps,
and for other purposes. It provides that from
and after the 1st of July, 1870, the enlistments
into the Marine corps shall be for a period of
not less than five years, and all payments of an
increase of pay on account of reenlistment
under the act of August 4, 1854, heretofore
made on the basis of four years' enlistment in
the Marine corps are to be credited to the dis-
bursing officer.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts now has the floor for a petition.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Cyrus. W Field, in which he sets forth his desire
to furnish increased and cheap facilities for
telegraphic communication between the United
States and the West Indies, and to this end he
wishes to lay a line between Florida and Cuba;
and he now requests Congress to repeal the
provision of the act of May 6, 1866, giving the
International Ocean Telegraph Company the
exclusive privilege to have a cable between
Florida and Cuba. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Mary A. Bickerdjke, praying the intervention
of Congress in obtaining redress from the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division,
for alleged wrongful ejection from an eating-
house constructed and kept by her on the line
of their road ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of A. N.
Blocklidge, praying compensation for services
rendered and expenses incurred in taking the
census of the Cherokee Indians in 1867; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
reports os1 committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the members ofthe bar of Centre county,
and the memorial of members of the bar of
Clearfield county, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill (H. R. No.
2108) relating to certain counties of the west-
ern judicial district of Pennsylvania., asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the members of
the bar of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in favor of
the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 1;>83) to
change the terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district
of Wisconsin, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2108) relating
to certain counties of the western judicial
district of Pennsylvania, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 200) for the relief of Joseph and
Matthew M. Merriam, of Hartford, Connec-
ticut, reported it without amendment.
amendment of kules.
Mr. DAVIS. I give notice that I will move
to add a standing rule to the rules of the Sen-
ate, that on the passage of every bill and every
joint resolution there shall be a call of the
yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be entered
on the Calendar of resolutions.
thomas p. m'manus.
Mr. PRATT. A majority of the Commit-
tee on Claims, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of
Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of Texas, have
directed me to make a written report recom-
mending the passage of the joint resolution
without amendment. The minority of the
committee were in favor of amendingthe joint
resolution, so as to transfer this case to the
Court of Claims for its considertion.
The chairman of the committee is here. The
majority after a pretty full examination of the
case were of opinion that the joint resolution
ought to pass in its present form ; and as this
is a case in my estimation not only of great
merit, but likewise of great urgency, I ask the
itidulgeuce of the Senate that the joint resolu-
tion may be read and considered now.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood that the Sen-
ator just now objected to the consideration of
a House bill that has been pending before the
Senate for more than a year.
Mr. PRATT. Because the consideration of
the bill was proposed before the morning busi-
ness was through, before petitions had been
called for, before reports had been called for.
I suppose it is proper in making this report 
Mr. WILSON. I object to the considera-
tion of this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not object, for I am
unwilling to throw myself in the way of busi-
ness, ever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts nearest the Chair [Mr. WiLSOif]
objects.
Mr. WILSON. I make the objection, and
I make it for this reason. There was a time
in the Senate when, by unanimous consent, we
could get through a great amount of business,
when by courtesy we could forward our busi-
ness. Recently a new system has grown up
here, and men, if they want to get a bill through
themselves, object to others, and the result is
that we are embarrassed all the time. Now,
let us have an understanding that we are to
have the old courtesy of the Senate to do our
business properly and kindly, or else that these
objections are to apply to one Senator as well
as to another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. I appeal to the Senator from
Massachusetts nearest me [Mr. Wi r,so\r] to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the objection,
although I was surprised at the objection the
Senator made to the request of my colleague
to take up a bill: and I hope the system of a Sen-
ator, because he wants to get his bill through,
objecting to the bills of others, will henceforth
cease in the Senate forever. There was a time
in the Senate wheu that practice did not pre-
vail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts withdraws his objection. If
there be no further objection the joint resolu-
tion is before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. It is due to the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumkeb] thatl should state
the grounds of my objection to the presentcon-
sideration of the bill he moved to take up.
That bill has been upon the Calendar, if I mis-
take not, for upward of a year. The Senator
is aware that the Committee on Pensions made
an adverse report. He also is aware that the
chairman who made that report [Mr. Edmunds]
is now absent from his seat. He is confined to
his_ house, as I understand, by indisposition,
which prevents him being here.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that the whole
matter is arranged with the chairman. I have
seen the chairman.
Mr. STEWART. I shall object to this unless
the Senate go on with this bill. If they go on
with the bill, I do not object.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the reading of the
joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I took pains yesterday
to ascertain how much time was spent in the
discussion of what we would proceed to con-
sider, and I found that it was just one fourth
of the day. Having abolished the rule that
allows us to pass over any given question with-
out debate, we spend now just one fourth of the
time in considering what we shall take up.
Mr. ANTHONY. And that was the rule
which obstructed business !
Mr. POMEROY. Now, I desire to extend
the "ancient courtesies," as they have been
called, to every Senator. I never object to a
bill, and I want it distinctly understood that
if these courtesies are not extended, and gen-
tlemen object to taking up the bills of others,
I shall make a general objection and insist
that we go to the Calendar. I have been here
several years, and I will not consent to have
bills which I want to pass objected to, and
then be quiet while other Senators get their
bills passed. I cannot do it, and no Senator
ought to require it to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the Senator from Kansas to
object; and the joint resolution (H. II. No.
336) for the relief of Colonel Thomas P. Mc-
Manus, of Texas, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, subject to a demand
for the regular order.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
and settle the claim of Thomas P. McManus,
a loyal citizen of Texas, and an officer of Uni-
ted States volunteers during the rebellion, for
ninety bales of cotton, of average weight and
quality, seized at Alleyton, Texas, in July,
1865, by Major L. B. Houston, commanding
the post of Columbus, and turned over to the
supervising Treasury agent at Galveston, Texas,
sold for the use of the United States, and the
proceeds paid into the Treasury. The amount
found due is to be paid to McManus out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. and not to exceed the sum of $22,250.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Senator
from Indiana to say that the committee dis-
agreed as to this joint resolution; and it seems
to me if it is a case so full of difficulties as to
cause a disagreement among the members of
the committee by which it is reported, it ought
to be discussed or examined before the Senate.
Besides, it is another claim for cotton taken in
the southern States during the war.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Oregon
allow me to utter a word of explanation ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear it
explained.
Mr. PRATT. This cotton was sold by the
cotton agent of the Treasury Department in
the city of New York. It had been captured
about the 1st of July, 18G5, by the officer in
command of the thirty-third Iowa regiment in
Texas; it belonged to a loyal citizen; it was
sent to Galveston, and with other cotton was
shipped to New York. The supervising agent
of the Treasury Department in that district,
Mr. Dennison, was lost at sea on his way to
New York. This cotton with other cotton
