1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4447
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2092) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871—to the Committee
on Commerce.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 828) donat-
ing condemned cannon—to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Mississippi [Mr. Ames] presented yesterday a
resolution of the Legislature of Mississippi in
regard to the levees of the Mississippi river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. He desires to have it referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. If there be no
objection, the reference will be changed, and
the Committee on Commerce discharged from
its further consideration.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of a
large number of dealers in pig lead, of Albany,
New York, and other prominent citizens, who
ask that a law may be passed allowing the
importation of pig lead from foreign countries
free of duty. 1 move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number, perhaps all the dealers in
hides and leather, of the city of New York,
headed by the well-known iirrn of Schultz,
Southwick & Co., who remonstrate against the
passage of the section relating to oils in the new
tax iff bill now before the Senate increasing the
duty to twenty cents per gallon, firmly believ-
ing that if it becomes a law it will entirely shut
off the importation and seriously injure the
manufacture of leather. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number of dealers in wines and
spirits in New York city, and throughout the
country, asking for the repeal of what they
consider discriminating as unjust as well as
unconstitutional legislation in respect to their
business. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number of prominent citizens of
NewYork, shippers, merchants, underwriters,
and others, among whom I notice the names
of Moses Taylor, Commodore Vanderliilt,
and others well known to the Senate and the
country, who earnestly and respectfully enter
thoir protest against any repeal of the registry
law of our country, by which foreign-built
ships shall be admitted for any term of years
to registry in the United States. I move its
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also presenttho petition
of Addison M. Farwell, of New York, asking
Congress to pass a law to admit free of duty
such machinery as maybe necessary and which
is not manufactured in the United States, to
enable him to introduce the European system
of towage on the canals of the State of New
York. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number of citizens of New York,
praying for the abolition of the legacy and
succession taxes. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of
James 0. Saffbrd & Co., and a large number
of hide and leather dealers of the city of Bos-
ton, remonstrating against the increase of the
duty on fish and seal oils. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I also present a memorial
of Bishop Simpson, General George G. Meade,
George H. Stuart, and others, officers and
directors of the "National Homestead at
Gettysburg for the Orphans of Soldiers of the
United States," praying an appropriation and
grant of lands for the benefit of that institu-
tion ; and also a memorial from Morton Mc-
Michael, and other citizens of Philadelphia,
for the same purpose. I move their reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD. I present a petition of
citizens of Arkansas, praying for the removal
of the political disabilities imposed on James
C. Tappan. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Disabilities, and I should like to have
it printed for the purpose of moving it as an
amendment to the bill already reported by that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this a private
memorial?
Mr. McDONALD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas desires this memorial to be
printed. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none. It will be ordered to be printed, and
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Wil-
liam F. Walker, William Major, and John N.
Motley, of Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Joseph
T. Tucker, of Kentucky, praying for the
removal of las political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petitions of
W. M. Sikes and Daniel James Clarke, of North
Carolina, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The Y1CE PB,ESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Parmelia Hubbell, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Clara
Moore, widow of Ely Moore, deceased, late
register of the land office at Lecompton, Kan-
sas, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 990) for the relief of the heirs of Ely
Moore, deceased, late register of the land office
at Lecompton, Kansas.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 139) for the relief
' of Catherine II. Crown, widow of the late
Thomas Crown, deceased, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
make a report adverse to the claim. This
claim first made its appearance before Con-
gress in the year 1S26. It was regularly re-
ported upon, session after session, until the
year 1855, when the Court of Claims was insti-
tuted. The petitioner at that time transferred
his claim from this forum to the Court of
Claims. In that court he obtained an award
for §2,500. The money was paid him. Not
content with that, however, he refiled his claim
for a deficiency not allowed him, and the claim
has been pending regularly from 1857. We
have finally made a report, and 1 hope we shall
dispose of this claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee-
will be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 765) to confer jurisdiction on the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the suit of
Carondelet vs. The United States, reported il
adversely.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the hill (S.
No. 924) making a grant of lands to the North
Louisiana and Texas Railroad Company to aid
in the construction ot a railroad from Vicks-
burg, Mississippi, to the Texas State line,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
438.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is notconcluded ; but the Senator from
Florida asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we shall go on
with the morning business.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Ohio has risen to present morning business,
which is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Cpmmittee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 384) to amend an act regulating the
time of holding the courts of the United States
for the district of Kentucky, approved May 15,
1802, reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 736) to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and Australia, reported it with
amendments.
BILES INTRODUCED.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 991) to regulate the issue and sale of bonds
authorized by the United .States, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous conseut
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 220) appropriating money for the
removal of a rock from the harbor of San
Francisco ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
TRUSTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I wish to sub-
mit an amendment to the amendmentreported
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to
the bill (S. No. 047) to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Marshall,
Texas, to San Diego, California, with branches
and connections, and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HULL AKD COZZISNS AND NAYLOIt AND CO.
Mr. DRAKE. There was a bill reported
from the Committee on Claims, that was just on
the eve of passage yesterday, when the Sen-
ator from Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] expressed
an objection, which threw it over. After that
the Senator from Nebraska came to me, and
said he had examined into the matter, and
that he withdrew all objection to the bill. If
the Senate would oblige me so much, I should
be obliged to them to allow that bill to be put
on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri states that yesterday a bill reported
from the Committee on Claims, in regard to a
claim in Nebraska, was about passing, when
the Senator from Nebraska objected to it,i>ut
has since withdrawn the objection, and he asks
unanimous consent to proceed to its consider-"
ation now. It will be reported subject to
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. Ten seconds more would have
passed the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Did the Senator from Ne-
braska withdraw the objection in open session?
Mr. DRAKE. He did not; but he came to
