1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
upon the Piegan Indians, which, itis alleged, resulted
in the death of a large number of women, ohildren,
snd non-combatants.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
bonded warehouses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask consent to submit
a resolution, for consideration at the present
time, calling for information which it is im-
portant should be in possession of the House
when it comes to consider the internal revenue
bill.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the CommissioneroflnternalReve-
nue be directed to furnish a statement to this House
showing the amount of money paid out within
the first six months of tho current fiscal year as
"expenses and salary of the storekeepers or other
officers" in charge of internal revenue bonded ware-
houses, giving the maximum and minimum percent-
age of such expenses and salary, and also tho amount
reimbursed to the United States by tho proprietors
of such warehouses within the same period, and paid
into the Treasury, and accounted for like other pub-
lie moneys.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the resolution
should be modified so as to make the call upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, rather than upon
any subordinate officer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will modify the reso-
lution by substituting " Secretary of the Treas-
ury" for "Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue."
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
dean adison 'wills.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1397) granting a
pension to Dean Adison Wills; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
bark-lighter s. t. maddox.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 180)
to change the name of the bark-lighter S. T.
Maddox to that of the Galveston ; which was j
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
niagara bridge.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce, for consideration at the present time,
House bill No. 489, to authorize the' construc-
tion and maintenance of a bridge across Niag-
ara river.
Mr. BECK. Will action on that bill post-
pone the pending question, the joint resolution
in regard to allowing distilled spirits to remain
in bond?
The SPEAKER. At any time the regular
order shall be called for the subject to which
the gentleman refers will come up for consid-
eration.
Mr. BECK. If this bill should be allowed
to come in, after it shall have been disposed
of will the regular order come up for consid-
eration? .  
The SPEAKER. If allowed to come in by
unanimous consent the Chair could not tell
when it would be disposed of.
Mr. BECK.- I think I must object to the
bill at this time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference and recommitment
this morning; and I also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. BENTON asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence.
ii. d. siierrill,
Mr. ARCHER asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
petition of H. D. Sherrill, for the purpose of
having the same referred in the Senate.
patent office report.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed for the Committee
on Printing their report in relation to printing
the Patent Office report.
tariff.
Mr. FERRY. I was unavoidably absent
yesterday when the yeas and nays were taken
upon the tariff resolution of the gentleman from
Dakota, [Mr. Spink.] Had I been present and
permitted to vote, I would have voted "ay."
distilled spirits in bond.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for, and the first business in order is the unfin-
ished business pending at the adjournment
yesterday, being a joint resolution (H. R. No.
179) to extend the time for withdrawal of dis-
tilled spirits now in bond in distillery ware-
houses. The Chair will state the position of
the question. The joint resolution which was
introduced by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] under a suspension of the rules,
will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It pro-
vides that the time for withdrawal of distilled
spirits now in bond in distillery warehouses,
or hereafter entered for deposit in such ware-
houses, be extended to three years from the
date of entry for deposit; provided that this
extension shall not apply to distilled spirits
now in bond, unless on or before the maturity
of the bond or bonds given for the payment
of the tax on such spirits the distiller or the
owner thereof renews the bond or bonds in
duplicate, with one or more sufficient sureties
satisfactory to the collector of the district
wherein the spirits are bonded, conditioned
that the principal named in said bond will pay
the tax on the spirits as specified in the entry,
or cause the same to be paid before removal
from the distillery warehouse, and within three
years from the date of the entry for deposit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] on behalf of the
Committee of Ways and Aleans, offered as a
substitute what will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
That section twenty-three of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other,
purposes, approved July 20.1868, be amended so that
the time for the payment of the tax on diatilled
spirits may be extended to three years from the date
of entry for deposit in a distillery warehouse; and
the bond prescribed to be given in said section shall
be hereafter conditioned for such payment bet'oro
removal oflhe spirits from distillery warehouses and
within three years from the date of such entry. And
this extension of time for three years from the date
of entry shall be allowed on any distilled spirits now
in distillery warehouses upon the giving of anew and
additional bond, in form and conditioned as pre-
scribed in said section, for the time remaining unpaid
until the end of such period of three years. But in all
cases there shall be included in the tax to be paid on
distilled spirits in addition to the tax now assessed
by law, a further amount of one cent on each proof
gallon of such spirits so deposited for each mon'.h
after one year from the time of deposit, and until
the spirits are withdrawn. And any traction of a
month at the time of removal shall be counted as a
full month. And any distilled spirits remaining in
a distillery warehouse for more than tbree years
from the time of entry shall be forfeited to the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Prosser] moved to amend the
substitute by reducing the amount of the addi-
tional tax from one cent per gallon per month
to half a cent per gallon per month. The
pending question is, "Will the House agree to
the amendment?" on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 86, not voting
49; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, Axtell,
Banks, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Bird. Boyd,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Burdett,
Burr, BenjaminF. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,Cake,
Calkin, Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge. Pox, Gets,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, Hay, Heaton, Hoge, Holman, Hooper,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McKee, McKen-
zie, McNeely, Mercur, Morphis, Mungen, Myers,
Negley, Niblack, Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Potter, Pros-
ser, Randall, Reading, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Schu-
maker, Lionel A.Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Tillman, Trimble, Twich-
ell.Van Horn.Van Trump, Voorhees,Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Beaman, Beatty, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Buffinton.Burchard,Churchill,Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Gibson,
Hawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, May-
nard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Paine, Peters, Pomeroy, Roots, Sawyer, Scoficld,
Shanks, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, TafFo, Tanner, Town-
send, Tyner. Upson, Ward,Cadwalader C.Washburn.
William B.Washburn, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Winans. and Witcher—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Bailey, Bar-
num, Benton, Biggs, Booker, Bowen, Buckley.
Cleveland, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery. Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan. Griswold,
Haight. Hale, Judd, Julian, Kelley. Lynch, McCar-
thy, Milnes, Morgan, Morrissey, Packer, Palmer,
Poland, Porter, Reeves, Ridgway, Sanford, Schenck,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Sweeney, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Welker,
and John T. Wilson—49.
So the amendment of Mr. Prosser was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
substitute offered by Mr. Hooper, of Massa-
chusetts, it was agreed to—ayes 85, noes 27.
The question then recurred on ordering the
joint resolution, as amended, to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is it in
order, Mr. Speaker, to move that the joint
resolution be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
i order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As this
seems to be a proposition to suspend the col-
lection of the whisky tax during the continu-
; ance of the term of the present Administration,
i I move that the joint resolution be laid on the
; table.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
j Mr. MAYNARD. Was not this before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and did they
not recommend that it should pass in this form?
The SPEAKER. Itwas reported by author-
ity of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I demand
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 106, not voting
51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Asper, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bufiinton, Burchard, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cul-
lom, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Haw-
ley, Heflin, Hoar, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, McCrary, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Ponierfcy,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe. Tillman, Townsend. Tyner, Upson,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Wi-
nans, and Witcher—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bennett,Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks,Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb,
Covode, Cox. Crebs, Davis, Dickinson, Donley, Dox.
Dyer. Eldridse, Ferriss, Getz, Gibson, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hay, Hays,
Heaton, Hill, Holman, Hooper. Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Lash,Marshall, May ham,Maynard, McGrew.McKee,
McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, Etiakim H. Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Mungen, Myers, Negley, Niblack,
O'Neill, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Potter, Prosser, Ran-
dall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogors, Roots, Sargent,
I Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles,
I Stokes, Swann, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Van
I Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—106.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Bailey, Barnum, Benton, Booker, Bowen, Buck,
Buckley, Cleveland, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
j ery, Duval, Ela. Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Gilfillan, Gris-
wold, Haight, Hale, Hawkins, Hoge, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Logan, Lynch, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Kenaie, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Mor-
i rissey. Packer, Poland, Porter. Ridgway, Sanford,
i Schenck, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
