304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
cities to stand precisely where the individual
stockholders stand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The fourteenth section of
the bill provided that the President might detail
certain Navy and Army officers to do police
duty. We propose to amend the bill in section
fourteen, line four, by inserting after the word
"troops" the words " or Navy marines;" so
that it will read:
That the President may, at the request of the di-
rectors, assign to duty in the service of the exhibi-
tion such officers of the Army and Navy as he may
deem advisable, and may direct a detail of troops or
Navy marines, <fcc.
Including them as a body from whom a police
force may be detailed.
Mr. WILSON. You do not want to insert
the word "Navy."
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I will omit the word
"Navy," leaving the words "or marines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next, clause of the bill,
commencing after the word "provided" in the
eighth line, "and the President may appoint a
select body of police not exceeding hun-
dred, to be organized, uniformed, and paid in
the same manner as th,e Metropolitan police of
Washington, whose," the committee recom-
mend to strike out, so that the section will sim-
ply stand authorizing the President to detail
from the Army and the marines a sufficient
body of men for police purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in
section fifteen, line five, after the word "Inte-
rior" to strike out the words "may direct the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to." As it
now stands it authorizes the Secretary of the
Interior to direct the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to prepare and grade one of the
squares to be used for this purpose. It was
deemed advisable that it should be left exclu-
" sively to the Secretary of the Interior, and he
may designate whom he pleases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is one other amend-
ment which I omitted in the first section, and
that is to include an additional number of cor-
f orators, whose names are upon the paper that
send to the desk.
The Secretary read the names, as follows:
E. A. Shaw, of Manchester, New Hampshire;
Joshua Vim Xiint, of Baltimore, Maryland; Samuel
Ji. Churchill, of I'ranltlort, Kentucky; Montgomery
lilair, of Maryland; Joseph Ij. Requa, of Florida;
Dudley E. Jones,of TiittlcEock. Arkansas; William
Brough, of Pennsylvania; K. W.H.Ellis, ofGoshen,
Indiana;, Thomas0. Jones, of Ohio, and J. D. Caton,
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with a view of taking the
sense of the Senate 011 the question whether
it is worth while to proceed with this kind of
legislation. For my own part I do not believe
that Washington is the place for a world's fair.
I think an inspection of the city will satisfy
any one of that fact. I think traveling over
the railroads here and seeing the means of
communication with the city would also have
a tendency to satisfy any one on that point.
The want of railroad facilities and the want
of _ general accommodation are the things
which make us ashamed of Washington when
the few foreigners come here who necessarily
come here to transact business. None of us
are proud of this place when people come here
to transact business. Baltimore allows us to
have but one railroad, and she retains the man-
agement of that herself. We have not got the
right of way to this place. I have been voting
ever since I came here, on every opportunity I
had, to get the right of way to Washington and
to get another road to it.
The idea of inviting the world to see this
town, with its want of railroads and its muddy
streets, seems to me to be altogether out of the
question. If we are to have a world's fair let
us select someplacein the United States where
there are people enough to make a reasonable
display, where the thing can be done. There
are two or three large cities in the United
States where they could accommodate all the
people who "would come to such an exhibition
and where you could get plenty of voluntary
subscriptions to carry it on.
There are many considerations that might
be alluded to why we could not make a very
great display in Washington. I think, there-
fore, we had better abandon this project alto-
gether. If we are to have a world's fair let
us get the best place we have in the United
States to entertain the world. It may be that
the time will come when Washington will be
the center of railways, when it will have two
or three hundred thousand population, when
its streets will be well paved and kept clean.
It is nicely located, and with plenty of money
and a little enterprise it might be made a city;.
but let us have the city before we invite any-
body to see it. It seems to me that if Wash-
ington is to remain the capital of the country
the Committee on Commerce ought to press
their bill for additional railroad facilities and
connections with the rest of the world, and
not have us closed up here in the way we are.
Let us first make a reasonable effort to make
a city of Washington. I have nothing against
Washington, and I am willing to cooperate in
anything that will be for its benefit; but I be-
lieve the citizens of Washington if they should
try this experiment would be sorry that they •
bad done it, because they cannot do it well.
There are not enough of them and they have
not the means or facilities in any way. I hope
the whole thing will be abandoned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, if I maybe
permitted so to characterize them, are mere
cheese-parings to those which I shall propose
to the bill if it is to pass. Evidently it is to
involve the United States in a large amount
of expenditure if this exhibition is to go on,
and therefore deserves our careful scrutiny.
The first amendment which I shall propose will
be on page 5, at the end of line twenty-five 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that the
pending motion to recommit prevents amend-
ments being offered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not offer
any amendment now, but I should like to indi-
cate some parts of the bill which I think sadly
need amendment if the bill is to pass; and one
is, as I have indicated, at the end of line twenty-
five, section three, on page 5. I propose at that
pointto add the words "and the persons herein
named as corporators and all other persons
subscribing to the capital stock of said corpo-
ration shall be held personally liable for the
debts thereof." Unless these corporators can
throw upon the United States the expense of
getting up this industrial exhibition, I have no
sort of doubt that it will be bankrupt and that
a large amount of debts will be thrown upon
somebody. I have no idea that there are any
parties here or elsewhere who will subscribe
for three millions of stock in this company,
with any expectation of making a profit out of
it, unless they can first impose the burden upon
the United States of getting up the exhibi-
tion. I suppose it would be a piece of imperti-
nence to inquire whether these corporators ever
consented to have their names inserted in the
bill, but I doubt whether one in ten of them
ever knew his name was in it until he found it
so inserted; and I have just as little doubt that
if the provision I have indicated is inserted in
the bill they will make haste to have their
names withdrawn. But if we impose such a
condition on other corporations as we do, it is
certainly right that such a condition as this
should be imposed upon this corporation.
The next amendment I shall propose is on
page 5, section six, line six, after the word
"exhibition" to insert the words, " after the
consent of said cities and county shall have been
obtained by the submission of the proposition
to a popularvote of the people." Why should
these cities be required to subscribe a very
considerable sum of money for this exhibition
wherein they are to have no interest whatever ?
If there is to be any benefit derived from this
exhibition it is to be derived by a very few
individuals, the.Tiotel-keepers and the com-
mercial interest of the community; but cer-
tainly the common people, either of George-
town or Washington, can have no particle of
interest in it any further than their curiosity
may be excited by it. If this provision is to
remain in the bill, certainly we should allow
the people to have a popular vote and say in
the first' instance whether they will' consent.to
pay taxes for this purpose or not.
The next amendment which I shall propose
will be on page 6, section seven, lines three
and four. It will be noticed by the provisions
of this bill that this exhibition is to be kept up
or not finally closed until the end of four years;
that we are to surrender any public reserva-
tion that we may have to this corporation for
the full term of four years. Now, it is very
possible that these parties may construct a
building the rent of which might be of con-
siderable value to them, yielding considera-
ble rents if permitted to retain it for a period
of four years, and it might be to the very great
inconvenience and damage of the public that
it should be so retained. I propose, therefore,
to limit it so that they shall dispose_ of their
property within one year from the time said
exhibition shall be opened to the public.
Mr. HAMLIN. Whereabouts is that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 6,
after the word "company," in line three, to
strike out the words " as soon as practicable,
without sacrificing the same," and to insert
the words which I have mentioned.
Mr. HAMLIN. Please state them again ;
I did not hear them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "Within one
year from the time said exhibition shall be
opened to the public."
On page 1, section eight, line two, I propose
to amend by striking out after the word "and"
the words "as soon as all its business has been
finally settled" and inserting "within one year
and a half from the opening thereof." I can
see no reason why this corporation should be
made perpetual, or why it should continue any
length of time after they have got through with
their business; and certainly it would seem to
me that a year and a half from the time of the
opening_ of the exhibition would be ample for
all legitimate purposes.
On page 8, section nine, lines twelve and
thirteen, I propose to strike out the words
" four years from the date of the approval
of this act" and to insert "one year and a
half from the time of opening said exhibition.''
Some ambiguity, at least, may arise in the
construction of the clause on page 8, section
ten, line fourteen. Are these goods to be
brought here at the expense of the Government
of the United States and sent away at tfce
expense of the United States? Certainly, an
affirmative conclusion would seem to follow
from the construction of the language. I pro-
pose to amend it and provide against it by
inserting the words after the word "returned,"
in the fourteenth line, "at the expense of the
exhibitors, or of the corporation hereby
granted, as may be mutually agreed."
In the same section, line nineteen, it will
appear that it is understood that if these articles
are sold here that are brought in from abroad
they are to be subject to duties, and yet the
mode in which that is provided for, if I may
be allowed to express the opinion, seems to me
exceedingly clumsy. It is all to be left under
the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is not provided how long they are to remain
here, how soon they are to be reexported ;
nor is any security provided for as to their
return out of the country, or when they shall
