2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
money it will take to erect these buildings.
This building started with an enactment that it
should not cost one dollar more than what they
sold the old building for. When the old build -
ing was sold a ring got together and compelled
the_ Government to sacrifice it for a sum for
which they could not build a now one, and
hence we are obliged to take money out of the
Treasury.
Mr. J UDD. Will the gentleman state what
ring he speaks of?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know who they arc.
That was the statement of Mr. Mullet to the
committee.
Mr. J UDD. Did he control the sale of the
building so as to know all tho facts?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know as to that.
The building was bought by a railroad com-
pany. 1 do not know that there was anything
wrong about it, and perhaps 1 ought not to
have said what I did. They bought it as cheap
as they could. But it did not bring anything
like what the Government expected, and there-
fore they could not put up the new building
with it. Mr. Mullet estimates $352,000 for
the work, and the amount already spent is
$133,203 90. We propose to non-concur in
tho amendment, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether the estimate may not be cut down
and the entire cost of the building fixed by law.
I have no idea but what the committee of con-
ference will agree upon this very item with an
amendment that will fix tho ultimate cost of
the building.
That is the purpose of non-concurring in
this and other amendments ; and I hope the
House will permit a committee of conference
to_ have an opportunity to fix tho entire cost
of this building at something reasonable and
then let the appropriation go. That is the
reason why the Committee on Appropriations
recommend non-concurrence in this amend-
ment, not because of any hostility to the hos-
pital, and agreeing fully with the views of the
gentleman about tho sacredness of tho fund
and the necessity of a hospital at that point.
We merely desire to ascertain if some limit
can he put, upon these expenditures.
Mr. J UDD. I would not press this matter
any further at this time but for my experience
in regard to this bill. While tho bill was pend-
ing in this House I sat still, supposing that tho
Committee on Appropriations would certainly
report the appropriation necessary to complete
this building. The committee reported nothing
for that purpose, and still I said nothing. The
bill went to the Senate, but I -did not go nigh
that body to have anything done. The Senate
have put in the appropriation, however.
How, what is the result? The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] says they want further information.
Sir, they had this bill under consideration for
months, with the estimates of the architect
before them. If there was any hostility to
the completion of this institution, there was
abundant time then to have ascertained what
the plans were, if the expenses could be re-
duced, and in what form the reduction should
be made. But the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] did not choose to do that,
and gave this piece of Government property
the go-by entirely. There has been abundant
time to examine this matter, but it has been
frittered away in quarreling about the architect.
Mr. \\ OOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. .1 UDD. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman is in very much
the same attitude in reference to Chicago that
we are in reference to New York. The Sen-
ate, I understand, have made an addition to
tho appropriation of the House for the New
York post office, and probably the same argu-
ment the gentleman now makes to the House
in his case will have to be made to the IXouse
in our case. Now, as it is getting late in the
day, and wo may otherwise be detained here
till a late hour on this question, I would sug-
gest to the gentleman to allow the whole mat-
ter to go to a committee of conference, who I
have no doubt will do justice in the case.
Mr. JUDD. 1 will be content with that.
But before doing so I wish to say that 1 think
it is unwise statesmanship for the Congress of
the United States to say that a building already
commenced and more than one third com-
pleted shall not now be finished, when the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] says that from its location it is a
necessity of the Government.
The question was then taken upon concur-
ring in the amendment of tho Senate ; and it
was not concurred in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the remaining amendments of the Senate to this
bill will be non-concurred in, in pursuance
of the recommendation of tho Committee on
Appropriations.
No objection was made, and the amendments
were not concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
ask for acommittee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced tho appointment
of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Bkooks
of New York, as the conferees on the part of
the House.
Mr. BURR. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of George
R. Wilson, for compensation for the use of his
patent for gun-carriages by tho United States.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of .John
C. Lemon, late colonel of the tenth New York
cavalry, praying reimbursement for expenses in-
curred and compensation for services rendered.
By Mr. COX: The petitionof'Georgo P. Put-
nam, late collector of internal revenue eighth
New York district, relative to his commissions.
By Mr. EARNS WORTH: The remonstrance
of A. C. Spafi'ord and others, of Rockl'ord,
Illinois, and of R. P. Lane and others, of the
same place, against ihe seventh section of the
funding bill.
Also, the remonstrance of Melanethon Slarr
and others, of the same place, against the same.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of certain
of tho men of Captain Bryan's company of
mounted men, praying for a proper construc-
tion and enforcempntoftheactof March 1,1809.
Also, the petition of William P. Crippen,
late sheriff of Knox county, Tennessee, pray-
ing compensation for losses sustained by him
in consequence of the occupation of the court-
house of said county as a militaiy hospital
during the late war.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 100 citi-
zens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the
passage of a bill to release them from the power
of the Camden and Amboy monopoly.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of 227
citizens of Audenried, Carbon county, Penn- !
sylvama, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league
representing alien interests, and praying for
a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in America, and for
such readjustment of duty on articles made in
this country a3 will prevent frauds on the cus-
tom-house, maintain home industry, and sus-
tain the wages of the American mechanic and
the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of James McMahon and
209 employes of the Lehigh Zinc Company, at
Bethlehem, Northampton county, Pennsylva-
nia, protesting against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., and for such readjustment of duty on
American products as will prevent frauds on
the customs, maintain home industry, and
sustain the wages of American workingmen.
Also, the petition of John Trevaskis and 50
others, miners and citizens of Beaver Meadow,
Carbon county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, and other necessa-
ries not produced in this country, and for such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will protect home industry.
By Mr. WINANS: Petitions of J. W. Stinch-
comb, Hocking county; JamesH. Thompson,
Highland county; George K. Nash, Franklin
county; Colonel John H. James, Champaign
county; Colonel M. Pj- Nolan, Montgomery
county; Champaign county bar; Judge Gran-
ger, N oble county; Knox county bar; Clark
county bar; Andrew Parker and 45 others of
Franklin county; Pickaway county bar; D. R.
Williams, and XG9 others, of Franklin county;
J. K. Hughs and 22 others of Ohio; John Short
and 272 others, of Franklin county; Madison
county bar; the bar of the proposed new dis-
trict; H. M. Failing and 146 others, of Franklin
county; Francis Collins and 75 others, law-
yers and business men of Columbus; O. P.
llines and 150 others, of Franklin county;
Delaware county bar; J. W. Donavin and 21
others, of Delaware county, all of tho State of
Ohio ; and resolution of tho Ohio house of rep-
resentatives, for a new judicial district in Ohio.
Also, the petition of Hugh Andrew and 14
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, and Thomas
P. Townsley and 102 others, citizens of Greene
county, Ohio, for pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1812 and their widows.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Ohio, for the same object.
IN SENATE.
Moxijay, April 11, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Nicw
man, 1). D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
I'ETITION'K AND MEMORIALS."
Mr. CONivLlNGr. I present a petition num-
erously signed by volunteers under the act
of July 4, 1864, representing, and stating the
(acts maintaining the representation as they
think, that they have received less bounty than
they are entitled to under the act. I move that
tho petition bo referred to the Committee on
Military Allans.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
members of tho Detroit bar, in which they ask
that the salaries of the district and circuit judges
of tho United States courts may be increased.
They say in their petition :
" Wo s.ubmit tliat public policy nndjustico to those
who hold tliCHo hieli and responsible positions aliko
appeal ipost Mromrly to your honorable bodies in
bob all' of a li'oc.ral inci ca-,0 of their salaries.
" frj this opinion of your petitioners, tho compensa-
tion should not bo k'S* then $7,500 per annum; and in
addition to r.hi--, tho travelling and other expenses of
circuit, judges which aro incident to the performance
of their dunes should be paid by the Government."
I move that this petition bo referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I solicit the
careful attention of that committee to the sub-
ject-matter of tho petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Robert A. Thompson of Oconee county, South
Carolina, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
J. C. Gilbert, of Benton county, Kentucky,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
