1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
J. Smith, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Taniior, Van
Wyck. Welker, and John T. Wilson—51.
So the House refused to lay tlie joint reso-
lution on the table.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the
joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts-, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAKE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Accounts to submit thefoliowing report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Committer on Accounts,
House op IIbprbsentativbs,
Washington, D. C., February 17,1870.
In pursuance of the resolution moved by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
I)AWBS,]on the 13thDecember, 1869, "That theCom-
mi ttee on Accounts report to the House the vouchors
of the several chairmen of committees who have
drawn from the contingent fund of tho present House
tor the expenditure of any sum sodrawn," the com-
mittee beg leave to report as follows:
The whole amount of the cxpenditnresof the Com-
mittee of Elections, audited and allowed by the
ohairman of the committee, fbot up to a total of
$26,410 05, of which $5,000 have been, paid out of the
contingent fund, $10,000 out of the private funds
borrowed by the Sergeant-at-Arms for the pur- 1
pose, leaving $11,416 05 unpaid. In arriving at this
total it is due to say that the Committee of Elec- !
tions have cut down and refused to allow the sum
of Sly,200, claimed as legal fees by witnesses and as
legitimate charges for serving subpenas.
1'he Committeeof W ay a and Means have expended
a total of $0,77252, of winch $5,000 have been paid
out of the contingent fund.
Foreign Affairs have expended
$6,870-30, of which $3,009 have beon,i> id oat of the
°°utingMit fund, and tho balance remains unpaid.
£o™mittceuon tho Judiciary have expended
$3,584 08, of trhioh $3,000 h&T6 been paid out of the
°°mfingent.fun(i, and the balance romainct unpaid.
The special Committee on the Decline of American
Commerce-have dTawn 82.000, which will about pay
the expenses of the committee.
Census haveexpended
$3,143 /8, ot which $2,902 50 have been paid out of
theco&tragent fund, and the balance,$18128, remains
unpaid.
A recapitulation will give-the amounts in detail:
Committee of Elections   $26,416 05
Committee of Ways and Means  5,772 52
Committee on Foreign Affairs  6,870 30
Committee on the Judiciary  3^584 08
Committee on the Decline of American.
Commerce...     2 000 00
Committee on the Ninth Census................. 3,143 78
^ Total amount expended 47 786 73
Amount patd a&iollovrs: '
Committee of Elections $5,000 00
Committee of Ways and Means  5.000 00
Committee on Foreign Affairs  3,000 00
Committee on the Judiciary.  3,000 00
Committee on the D ecli n e of Amer-
ican Commerce..... 2,000 00
Committee on the Ninth Census.... 2,062 50
Total amount paid.  20,962 50
Babac* unpaid $26,824 23
.None of the Vouchers have beeti approved by the
Committee on Accounts, and the facts are submitted
Without recommendation for the action of the House.
Mr. CAKE. Before the adjournment of
Congress in April last the House authorized
several committees to draw the money neces-
sary for the expenses of their investigations,
and a sufficient amount will have to be appro-
priated to pay the balance.
Mr. KERR. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
.Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be
directed to audit and approve the Vouchers approved
by chairmen of committees to make investigations
Bince the commencement of the present Congress: j
The resolution was adopted. I
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also 1
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the report of
the Committee on Accounts be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
sale of cadetships.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs, who were in-
structed by the resolution of theHouse of Represent-
atives of the 4th day of February, 1870, to inquiro
into the alleged sale of appointments to the Miiitary
and Naval Aoademies by members of this and pre-
ceding Congresses, submit the following report:
The committee have taken testimony in reference
to John T. DeweeSe, late a member of Congress from
North Carolina, which is herewith submitted to the
House, accompanied by a statement made to the com-
mittee by Mr. Deweese. In the opinion of the com-
mittee this testimony shows that Mr. Deweeee, in
i making an appointment to the Naval Academy from
[ his district, violated the law which requires that an
appointee shall be an actual resident of the district
from which appointed, and that he was influenced in
his aetion in the premises by improper pecuniary
' considerations. Mr. Deweese having resigned pend-
ing the report of tho committee upon his case, the
committee submit the accompanying resolution, and
recommend its adoption.
JOHN A. LOGAN.
AMASA COBB,
JAMES 8. NEGLEY,
i JASPER PACKARD,
WILLIAM L. STOUGHTON,
JOHN S. WITCHER,
J. P. ASPER,
G. W. MORGAN,
HENRY W. SLOCUM,
S. L. HOGE.
The' Clerk.read.the resolution accompanying
the report, as follows:
Beaolved, That John T. Deweese, late a Repre-
sentative in Congress from the third congressional
district of North. Carolina, did make an appoint-
ment-to the-United States Naval Academy in viola-
tion of law, and that sueh appointment was influenced
by pecuniary considerations, and that his conduct in
the premises has been sueh as to show him unworthy
of a seat in • the House of Representatives, and is
therefore condemned as conduct unworthy of a Rep-
resentative of the people.
Mr. LO GAiT. I ask that the evidence taken
before the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Testimony of Mrs. M. II. Sean.
Washington, February 25,1870.
Mm M. H. Bean sworn and examined.
By the- ohairman:
Question,. Where do you reside ?
Answer. In Washington, at tho United States
Hotel.
Question. Yon koep the hotel?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Will you state to the committeewhether
you ever bad any person appointed to the Naval
Academy or to West Point?
Answer. I have a son at the Naval Academy.
Question. What is his name ?
Answer. John W. Bean.
Question. When was ho appointed?
Answer. Last June.
Question. By whom was he nominated?
_ Answer. By Mr. Deweese; I do not recollect his
initials.
Question. He is the member of Congress from North
Carolina?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Will you state to the committee how Mr.
Deweese came to make the nomination?
Answer. There was a gentleman boarding at our
house_ by the name of Captain Coombs, who was
acquainted with Mr. Deweese. My son had been
trying to get into the Academy for two years; he
had been preparing himself for it, and his whole
mind was bent on getting in; he often talked to
Captain Coombs on this subject; Captain Coombs
felt a deep interest in my son and finally spoke to
Mr. Deweese to see if he could not get him in. So
Mr. Deweese gave my son the appointment out of
respect for Captain Coombs for favors received at
his hands when he was captain of a boat on the
Mississippi river several years ago.
Question. Did you have any conversation with Mr.
Deweese yourself on the subject ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Were you acquainted with him?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. What next occurred after Captain
Coombs spoke to him about your boy?
Answer. He wished to see the boy and judge for
himself whether ho was such a boy as he would like
to send to the Naval Academy. Ho saw him, and
felt satisfied that he was such a boy as he should like
to send to the Ae&demy, and did so.
Question. Where did the boy reside ?
Answer. Here in Washington.
Question. Had he always resided here ?
Answer. Not always; wo came hero the first year
of the war.
Question. Was he ever in North Carolina?
Ansioer. No, sir.
Question. Mrs. Bean, what consideration did you
give to Captain Coombs for his efforts in behalf of
your son ?
Answer. Nothing whatever. Ho said he felt inter-
ested for tho boy because his whole mind was bent
on getting into tho Naval Academy, and he could
not speak or think of anything else; he had studied
so hard to prepare himself and felt so anxious that
Captain Coombs felt it was a pity he should be dis-
appointed, and so spoke to Mr. Deweese in regard
to the matter.
Question. Was that the only reason he had for
speaking to Mr. Deweese?
Answer. Yes, sir; that was the reason, and the
only reason.
Question. Did you ever pay anything, directly or
indirectly, to anybody?
Answer. No, sir; it was obtained through Captain
Coombs, and we did not pay Captain Coombs a cent
in any shape.
Question. Iasked you if you ever paid anything to
anybody?
Answer. Well, we thought we should be obliged to,
but it finally cost us nothing. We were so anxious
thatwe offered to pay, but Mr. Deweese finally made
the designation without any pecuniary benefit to
himBelf.
Question. Who did you offer anything to ?
Answer. We expected to have to pay Mr. Deweese,
Question. Why did you expect to have to pay any-
thing ?
Answer. We expected so because we were not in
his district. I had been told that Congressmen re-
ceived pay for such favors, and I of course expected
we would have to pay something.
Question. How long had you known Captain
Coombs?
Answer. I think he boarded with us two years; our
books would show.
Question. You were well acquainted with him?
Answer. Oh, yes.
Question. Did you charge him for board ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; indeed, I assure you he never
received one cent in any shape, and paid us in full
tor his board duringall the time hewas with us. The
interest he felt for the boy was the only reason that
I know of why he exerted himself in his favor.
Question. I must ask you again whether you ever
paid anything or gave any valuable consideration
in any shape to any person in connection with this
appointment. It seems to me you have not yet
answered that question squarely ?
Answer. I have told you that at the time we were
to receive the appointment.we offered to pay Mr.
Deweese, but he stated to us that he should give it
out of respect to Captain Coombs.
Question. What did you offer Mr, Deweese?
Answer. Money.
Question, flow much?
Answer. W e told him we would give him $500.
Question. What did you do with that $500?
Answer. Why, we have it; we have not given it to
him; I tell you again Mr. Deweese has not been
benefited pecuniarily for recommending my son.
j Question. That is not the question, Mrs. Bean. Did
1 Mr. Deweese ever take any money from anybody for
that appointment?
Answer. Yes, sir: he took it, but he returned it.
Question. When did he return it?
Answer. Awhile afterward.
Question. How long afterward?
Ansioer. I do not know that I can give the exact
date.
Question. Since this investigation is going on?
Answer. I do not know how long that has been.
Question. Mrs. Bean, we want the facts in this oaee,
and wo mean to have them; you may as well state
them frankly; we are thoroughly satisfied that you
gave money to somebody. Now, who paid that
money to Mr. Deweese?
Anstoer. My son handed it to him; not the one that
was appointed, but the one that is at home.
Question. What is his name ?
Answer. Frank D. Bean.
Quest-ion. When did he hand it to him?
Answer. At the time the nomination was made.
Question. To whom did Mr. Deweese return that
money?
Answer. To my son Frank.
Question. When?
Answer. A short time since.
Question. How long since ?
Answer. I cannot say exactly.
Question. Three weeks?
Answer. I think not.
Question. Within two weeks?
Answer. I think so.
Question. Where is your son?
Anstoer. He accompanied me here.
Question. Where did you leave him?
Answer. At the door.
By Mr. Witchse:
Question. Did Mr. Deweese give any reason for
returning the money?
Answer. Not to me; I have not seen him. The
mpney was given to my son. I understand that he
said to him he did not want the money, and did not
know why he took it. He said he had no use for it.
It struck me that he was the first person I ever heard
of who had no use for money. I suppose he regretted
having taken it.
