4448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
my seat afterward, and said he bad examined
the' bill, and withdrew all objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, asin
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 689) for the
relief of Hull & Cozzens and John Naylor &
Co., the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Claims,
to add the following proviso:
Provided, That in making such settlement, and
before payment, he shall be satisfied by the evidence
that their contracts have been faithfully fulfilled ;
that the materials supplied by them were accepted
and used by the United States, and that the con-
tractors have not been paid the amounts due them
either by the United States or the State of Nebraska..
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamend-
ed, and:the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the-bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said : Iunderstand
a bill has just passed here for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens without my knowledge. I did not
hear that the bill was before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was read by
the Secretary in full.
Mr. HOWE. I was engaged in conversation
with a Senator next to me. I move a recon-
sideration.
Mr. DRAKE. I have not the smallest objec-
tion if there is any question about it irt the
world.
Mr. HOWE. I think there is avery serious
question about it.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not know anything
about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
. Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Missouri
makes no objection to the reconsideration of
that vote, and I hope it will be so ordered, and
the bill again placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be regarded as agreed to, and
the bill placed on the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 did not, know there was
any objection to it, or I would not have pressed
it in this way.
RAILROADS IN. FLORIDA.
Mr. OSBORN. I trust.the Senate will allow
the bill to which I have referred to be put oil
its passage. It was up a few evenings ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Florida asks unanimous consent to take up the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Florida will withdraw that motion. 1 have'
given notice, and endeavored to have the read-
ing of the Journal suspended, in order that I
might put on its passage the bill to pay pen-
sions quarterly. I am being blamed by the
widows and their friends in the newspapers
because we do not get that bill passed. I think
there will be no objection to it, and on account
of its nature I hope the Senator will not press
his bill, but will let this bill be taken up..
Mr. OSBORN. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that this bill has been read, and
it will only take a moment to pass it. I am
very anxious that it should be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
438) granting aid in the cnnst.ructiou of cer-
tain railroads in the State of Ploiida is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, sub-
ject to objection or a demand for the regular
order.
itfr. OSBORN. I offer an amendment, to be
inserted .
' Mr. EDMUNDS, The bill ought to be read.
I have no personal desire about it. I merely
suggest it.
Mr. OSBORN. It has been read. - ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
again bo read on the demand of any Senator.
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the question is on the amend-
ment reported as a substitute by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend the amend-
ment on page 7, line nine, section eight, by
inserting after the word "revived" the words
to and for the use and benefit of the Jackson-
ville, Pensacola, and Mobile railroad;" so as
to read:
The same is hereby revived to and for the use and
benefit of the Jacksonville, Pensacola, and Mobile
railroad, and extended for the term of live years.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator from
Florida whether that is the company which
owns the track now?
Mr. OSBORN. It is the road,
Mr. POMEROY. Itisnot reviving the grant
to an adverse party?
Mr. OSBORN. It is not.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. In line thirteen of the same
section, after the word "control," I move to
insert the words "of the Jacksonville, Pensa-
cola, and Mobile railroad."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Florida if this is the bill
which revives certain grants made for railroads
in that State in 1856 ?
Mr. OSBORN. It is.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honor-
able Senator to say the other evening that he
would not object to an amendment striking out
that clause in this bill.
Mr. OSBORN. I did say the other even-
ing, when the bill was read, that if it would be
any advantage toward securing the passage of
the bill that evening I would consent to have
that stricken out. There have been two hun-
dred and thii-ty-one miles of that railroad
already built, and there are one hundred and
fifty more to be built, and we want it built so
as to connect with the Slate of Alabama. That
is not a new grant by any means.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the honorable Sen-
ator know whether any of the lands have been
disposed of to other parties since the time
when the grant lapsed?
Mr. OSBORN. To other railroads ?
Mr. HARLAN. Or to private individuals.
Mr. OSBORN, If so, that is provided for
in the last tour lines of the section.
Mr. HARLAN. Let those be read.
Mr. POMEROY. Anything that settlers or
preemptors have gone on since the lapse of
the grant, are excepted out of the revival.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear that
clause which protects rights that have accrued
since that time read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the last four lines of the bill as indi-
cated by the Senator from Florida.
The Chief Clerk read the fol'owing proviso :
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to any tin:!.- that have been sold, entered
under the homestead act. or upon which preemption
rights have attached subsequent to the revemon of
said lands to the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. This bill is not a long
bill, and it is a very important one. I think it
had better he reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute,
or the original bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands by way of sub-
stitute.
The VICE PRESIENf. The Secretary will
report the substitute as amended.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted in lieu of the original bill by
the amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands.
■ Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer some
amendments. In line eleven, section four,
page 4,1 move to strike out all from and in elud-
ing the word " when," in that line, down to the
wOrd "road," in line thirty-seven, on the next
page. I wish to insert instead of those words
the same general series of provisions which the
Senate has adopted in railroad bills which have
passed during several days past, with one single
exception. It was adopted in the Dakota hill,
aud also in the bill passed for Nebraska, and in
several other bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theamendment
of the Senator from California is :to insert in
placc of the matter proposed to be stricken out
by him the following words, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The words to be inserted
are :
"When the Governor and the United States sur-
veyor general of said State shall certify to the Seore-
taiy of the Ulterior that any section of ten con-
secutive miles of sa id load is completed in a good,
substantial, and workmanlike manner, as a first-elass
railroad, then the Secretary of the Interior shall
issue to said railroad company, its successors or
I asMffns, certificates for ail the lands in alternate sec-
; tions, or parts of sections, designated by odd num-
j bers, situated within twenty miles of the road so com-
i pleted, and lying nearest to and conterminous with
i said oompleted section of ten miles, and not exceeding
two hundred sections,forthebenefitofthesaidroad.
And when the Governor and the United States sur-
' veyor general for said State shall certify that another
i section of ten consecutive miles shall have been com-
I pic ted as aforesaid, then the Secretary of the Interior
; shall issue certificates to and deliver the same to said
f railroad company, its successors or assigns, having or
1 roceivng the benefit of this grant, in like manner
I for a like number; and when certificates of theeom-
j plction of additional sections of ten consecutive
miles of said road arc from time to time made as
j aforesaid, additional sections of lands shall beeerti-
; fied as aforesaid until said road is completed, when
| the remainder of the lands hereby granted shall be
i certified to said road for the uses aforesaid, and for
I none other : Provided, That if said road is not com-
I pleted within ten years from the passage of this act
j the said land=; hereby gran ted and not certified shall
revert to the United States.
Mr. OSBORN. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted in this bill. The whole line
of this road skirts the everglades on the penin-
sula of Florida, between fifty and sixty miles ;
there is but a narrow ridge of country between
it and the ocean on one side and the everglades
on the other, where the land cannot now and
never will be of any value whatever. I trust
that the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sorry to hear the
Senator from Floridaobject to this amendment.
The Senate has in several instances put in this
provision. It was put in the Dakota bill, and
I believe in the Nebraska bill passed the other
day. It is certainly an improvement, and one
to which there ought to be no reasonable objec-
tion. Why should it be rejected m this case
when it was adopted in the case of the bills I
have mentioned V I do not want to repeat over
and over again the proposition. The Senate
knows what it is. It is some safety for actual
settlers. It does seem good in that direction
while giving the company as largo a subsidy as
wo ought to give. This bill proposes to give
to this company ten sections in width on each
side of the road.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. OSBORN. Five sections.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; five sections on
each side of the road. It gives tea sections to
the mile.
Mr. POMEROY. Including both sides.
Mr. TIITJRMAN. Yes; ten' sections to the
mile. That is a grant of sixty-four hundred
acres to the mile.
Mr. OSBORN. The grant is conterminous
with sections of ton miles of the road as built.
Mr. TT-f URM AN. Of course.
Mr. OSBORN. All the bills passed hare
have not had that provision in. This road
passes through one district of forty miles iu
which the company get nothing at afi.
Mr. THURMAN. That is only another proof
that you^ are giving away all the lands to rail-
roads. They are crossing and recrossing each,
other, and in the end you give away ail the
lands to railroads. And here yon propose to
allow this company six thousand four hundred
acres to the mile; and if the amendment offered
by the Senator from California be adopted, the
company can sell that at an average of §2 50
an acre. That makes a very .large subsidy;
not so great certainly as some that have been
