602
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Removal of Disabilities—Mr. Dockery.
41st Cong....2d Sees.
the Constitution, is too_ narrow altogether to
form a criterion by which to judge of his fit-
ness at this time to hold office and engage in
public affairs.
In the first place, as above indicated, it ban-
ishes from our councils the best intellects of
the land. The men of experience, of learn-
ing, and accustomed to the usages of parlia-
mentary bodies, are by law disfranchised,
■which necessarily, under our form of govern-
ment, forces upon the surface the inexperi-
enced, the ignorant, and perhaps the corrupt.
And again, the solemnity of that oath and its
awful significance were not comprehended at
the commencement of the rebellion, for three
generations of peace had passed by since the
recognition of our national independence, dur-
ing which time the word " treason " had never
been heard in the land. Its penalties were
unheeded, for its meaning was unknown. The
specious and mischievous doctrine of State
rights formed the fundamental education of
our youth, as well as of their parents. State
sovereignty was with them an admitted fact,
and scrupulously observed and religiously ad-
hered to, under which feeling of primary alle-
giance many of our best and ablest men, of
the nicest sense of honor and honesty, delib-
erately and coolly violated that oath, believing
that they were offered the hard alternative of
choosing between two sacred duties, one to
their conscience and the other to the State.
That an honest belief in the right of a Statu to
secede was compatible with the highest talents
and the most exalted character for learning
and probity no one can for a moment, alibid
to doubt, bccause tliat would be contrary to
common sense, admitted truths, and known
facts.
The rule set forth in the amendment, is per-
haps the only general one that could have been
adopted; but-if, is also clear that it was not.
intended to be indexible. It was intended for
the punishment of those whose guilt, had been
signal and atrocious, and for the protection of
those who had been duped and deceived by
wicked and designing men, the Agitators of
strife, the architects of the rebellion. The great,
masses of those who technically come within
its provisions are proper cases for exception
for another reason, '■ Giving aid and comfort
to the enemies of tho United States" is a. very
broad statement, of the offense. The rebellion
hod such perfect atul complete sway over the
territory which it, occupied, its rainiiic.ilions
entered so minutely and intimately into every
liber of the social ami political system of the
Southern States, that, to draw the breath of life
was almost equivalent, to " giving aid and com-
fort to tho enemy." Every bushel of corn sold,
every pound of cotton or tobacco grown, every
horse or mule raised, every cap of cofi'oe given
to a confederate soldier was in itself so much
aid and comfort to the enemy. It was impos-
sible to live without work, and one could not.
produeo anything without contributing to the
general resources of tho country, all of which
was under the complete and despotic control
of the central government at, Richmond.
By silencing all the instincts of our nature,
by living a living death of isolation ainongotu'
fellow-citizens, bj enduring the sword of Dam-
ocles over our heads night, and day, by carry-
ing our lives in our hands if we attempted to
escape through the bristling wail of bayonets
circled around us from to v,-e*t, only to
staive somewhere else if we should pass the
barrier: by doing and fullering and lisking
ail this we tmghr, have escaped tho tenible
necessity of "giving aid and' comfort, to the
cueraies ofthe United States,''but in no other
way. 1 leave it to the House, Mr. Speaker,
whether we should be ostracized because of
the misfortunes which we could not by any
possibility avoid. Does not " charity toward
all, with malice toward none" demand that
the Spartan vigor of this severe and sweeping
rule be tempered with mercy as well as jus-
tice? Does not a wise and enlarged states-
manship point to a removal of all these politi-
cal disabilities at the very earliest practicable
moment? What do we gain by this contin-
uance but a number of dissatisfied citizens,
who have the material in them to make capable
and honest and experienced public officers, a
class pf' men which is sadly needed in the
South, even more so than in the North?
Mr. Speaker, in a great civil war, such as
that which wo have passed through, when a
whole people have been engaged, and when
the results have been so gigantic, it may seem
a little invidious to throw the first stone, or to
argue or attempt to prove that tho fault lay
more with one than another of the different
communities which joined their fortunes with
the late southern confederacy. Since we arc
involved in one common ruin it can avail but
little to accuse each other of greater or less
prominence in the history of the times dur-
ing which tho great slaveholders' conspiracy
was brought to a head and culminated in seces-
sion. And I beg to assure the House that it
is in no spirit of fault-finding and with no feel-
ing of hostility that I refer to the subject at all.
But in advocating a general law removing dis-
abilities from the people of all the States 1 can
more confidently speak of the history of my
own State. I think, too, that there are pecu-
liar circumstances about, tho action of North
Caioliua which entitle her to particularly
favorable considerations in this regard.
Her people are naturally conservative and
slow of motion. They lack the fiery impetu-
osity of their brethren on the southern border,
and they lack the aristocratic haulcur and the
fierce pro-slavery propagandism of the Vir-
ginians Of all the southern communities they
had the least affection for the system of slavery
and the least desire to see it perpetuated. Of
all the southern States North Carolina was the
least firmly hold in the hateful embraces of the
old secession party, the evil genius of this Gov-
ernment, the parent and nurse of the rebellion,
the iliad of all out- woes. Tho evil influence
of her impetuous sister has had, strange to say,
riimarkably little influence over her conduct or
action. It will be recollected how very reluc-
tantly she consented to join the confederacy,
and how she only succumbed when resistance
was absolutely hopeless. Let us compare for
a moment, the dates at which the usual ordi-
naneesof secession were passed. ' South Caro-
lina led off on the 20th December, 1800. Tho
Cult' States followed about the 10th January,
1801. Then followed the memorable struggle
of tho conspirators on the one side to secure
the border States, especially Virginia, and of
the abortive peace commissioners on the other
to avert the dreadful catastrophe. Both Houses
of Congress aud the volumes of the whole proas,
North and South, resounded with the pregnant
debate.
Virginia was threatened one moment with
the loss of her precious traffic in human beings,
aud on the other tempted with the shining bait
of the capital ofthe confederacy. Finally, after
months of vaseilfation between cowardice and
treachery by President Buchanan and his Cab-
inet, and some weeks ot useless expostulation
on the part of President Lincoln, the Virginia
convention in secret session, on the 17th day
of April, 1801, passed tho ordinance of seces-
sion. and caused the destruction of the Harper's
Ferry arsenal.and the seizure ofthe Portsmouth
navy-yard. Alas, alas, what a fatal step ! To
what divadful results did it. lead! Once the
proud mother of Presidents, having within her
holders the tomb of Washington, Mount. Ver-
non, the Mecca of all American patriots, and
friends to liberty the world over; Ashland,
the birthplace of " Harry ofthe West," a states-
man of incorruptible integrity, impassioned
eloquence, and unflinching devotion to his
country's interest. Once, Virginia, the Old
Dominion, united and happy ; now the battle-
field forsecession, dissevered and impoverished.
How signal her punishment; how fearful her
retribution!
Ilichmond was made the capital of the slave
empire, and the hostile hosts were marshaling
on tho fatal plains of Manassas and Bull Run.
Here, then, was the State of North Carolina
inevitably wedged into the confederacy, not
able to stir hand or foot, surrounded on all
sides by States larger, wealthier, and more
populous, whose only safety lay in compelling
her to join in their unholy and treasonable
undertaking. Resistance was fruitless, for
between South Carolina and Virginia, resist-
ance, even had such a thing been possible,
would have been punished more fearfully and
speedily than complicity in the rebellion. It
■was not a case for deliberation or choice
between two evils. Only one escape from
annihilation was possible, and that was to
join the confederacy, with such guarantees as
could be gotten under tho circumstances. No
other alternative existed. She was forced, con-
scripted into the rebellion. Therefore, reluc-
tantly and sadly, but unavoidably, she took that
fearful leap into the vortex of secession, pass-
ing her ordinance on the 20th day of May, 1801,
one month after Virginia had joined the rebel-
lion, and five months after South Carolina had
opened the dance of death. Even, sir, at this
late day, when the act was inevitable, it is
believed that a majority of the people of North
Carolina were opposed to secession, and were
only bullied and dragged into it by fraud and
intimidation.
In the light, Mr. Speaker, of recent events
it excites a mournful smile to recall the sneers
and taunts and abuse that were hurled at North
Carolina for exhibiting that spirit of sagacious
conservatism and moderation, which, if imi-
tated by even one more State, would have
crushed the rebellion in the beginning or have
narrowed down the contest to insignificant
proportions; but when forced to go, she went
with all her might, risked her all and lost all,
save the indomitable energy and unquailing
heroism of her brave sons.
At last. Mr. Speaker, the long agony wa«
over. The splendid valor of the South had
exhausted itself in vain. The armies of lib-
erty and Union and freedom were triumphant.
The iron hand of the Richmond oligarchy was
fleeing in disguise, soldiers were disbanded,
and upon the plains of Appomattox was again
unfurled that national flag, emblematic in
future, I trust, of Union, prosperity, and hap-
piness. Then, sir, when North Carolina was
released from that hateful tyranny and the
nameless horrors of a bloody war she ad-
dressed herself seriously to the task of recon-
struction. -
The first State to lead off in this beneficent
work was North Carolina; and I hazard nothing
in saying that the spirit in which she did her
work, and the genera! character of the action
of her constitutional convention, was more in
accordance with the spirit of the age, more in
conformity with the logical results of the war
than those of any other southern State, in that
convention, Mr. Speaker, there was no halting,
no half-way work; everything was promptly and
thoroughly done. The constitution as it ex-
isted previously to May 20, 1861, was declared
to be the fundamental law; the ordinance of
secession, passed May 20, 1861, was not.simply
repealed, asm some of the States, but solemnly
declared null and void ; slavery was abolished
and forever prohibited; all debtsand obligations
incurred iu support of the rebellion were for-
bidden to be paid and declared illegal; the
