1870.
fflE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1617
Question. ThiHnvesHgatlon oonrfag «P. toot
Amwmi That my have bad something to do
with it.
Bj-Mr. Aspkr:
Question. Did Mr. Deweese appoint this boy as from
bis district in North Carolina?
^nmrcr. Well, I do not know about it. I know he
never went SooUt. I notice that in the Navy Regis-
ter ho is set down as being from North Carolina.
T!v Mr. Witcheu :
Qnentiem. How lonr was Captain Coombs nego-
tiating this matter?
,t«<Cfr. I do uot know; only a short time; it was
somewhere about the last of January or first of Feb-
ruary that the thin? occurred.
Question. W here does Captain Coombs lire now ?
Amttcrr. On Q street, between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth. I think.
By Mr. Witchkr :
Question. Did Captain Coombs tell you the Appoint*
mcnt could be had upou your paying Mr. Deweese
$6(10?
Jnwvr. I think it was Mr. Deweese and my son
that arranged that.
ByMr. Aspke:
Question. Did you ever hava any conversation with
Mr. Deweese yourself?
/Ituiwr. I never saw the man.
Vmettion. Yon did not know anything aboat the
payment of the money yourself, then?
.1 nswrr. No. sir; I was not present.
Qaettion. Were you present when it was returned ?
Ko, sir; it was returned to my son at the
hotel.
Testimony of Dank D. Bean.
Washington, February 25,1870.
Frank D. Bean sworn and examined.
Br tho Chairman:
Question. State your age and residence.
Answer. I am eighteen years of age; I am clerk in
my father's hotel.
Quettion. Are you acquainted with Mr. Deweese,
a member of Congress from North Carolina T
Answer. I am.
Question. Did you hare a brother appointed to the
Naval Academy last June?
Answer. I did.
Question. By whom was he nominated to that
position ?
JttMcer. By Mr. John T. Deweese.
Question. Please state to the committee whether
you know of any money being paid to Mr. Deweese
tor that nomination.
Anmccr. Yes, sir; I do.
Question, llow much?
Ammver. Five hundred dollars.
Question. By whom was it paid ?
Answer. I paid it to him myself.
Question. When was it pud?
Answer. I cannot say exactly. It was about the
time of the appointment.
Question. What was that money paid to Mr. De-
weese for?
Anmoer- For the appointment of my brother to the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
Question. Your mother said she thought that Mr.
Deweese had returned the money ?
Answer. Y es, sir; he paid.it baek to ma.
Question. When?
Answer. Day before yesterday.
Question. Why did he pay it baek ?
Answer. He said that he did not wish any money
for the nomination; he wished to appoint my brother
out of respect to a friend.of his from whom he had
received favors years ago; besides, he liked my
brother, and would not take any money for appoint-
ing him.
By Mr. Aspeb:
Question. Was yonr brother ever in NorthCaro-
lina?
Answer. Never, sir. t
Question. Where has he lived?
Ansmer. Here at home.
Question. He lived here at the time of his appoint-
ment?
Answer. Yes, sir. and for several years past.
Question. He never Was in North Carolina?
Anmoer. No, sir.
Question. Did yon say when it was that you paid
him the money?
Answer. Deweese made the recommendation, and
I paid him the money then; the appointment was
not made until afterward. I took the recommenda-
tion to the Navy Department. The appointment
was net mate until after he had pissed his examina-
tion.
Question. Yon got from Mr. Deweese the order for
him to report for examination ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Statement of John T. Deioeete.
Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the committee,
having been sufficiently advised of the turn affairs
liave taken in my case, I desire to say this to you :
that at tho time I got this I did not think of doing it.
I was not aware that I was violating any of the priv-
ileges or rules of the Jlousc. As soon as I wagawarc
that Thad done wrong I endeavored tomakea re-
tarn as far as I could. I returned the money imme-
diately; and I have tendered my resignation to the
Governor of my State, believing that it is a duty of
a member of Congress, aDd make vacant the place
he has disgraced. What I did was done openly and
boldly, net knowing I had done a particle of wrong.
The Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy
were both aware of what I did. I did not do it from
any mercenary motives.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 102.
One Captain Qjombs, who had done me a great
many flavors, had a boy, and heaakedmetogive him
the appoiutment. Not a word was said about money
at all. After it was done they offered me $1,000. I
refused to take it. Some two or three days after-
ward the young man brought me $500, and afterward
$500 more. 1 uever endeavored to keep what I had
done covered up. If I had wished to evade it I could
have sent the witnesses away. I refused to do it,
although urged to do it by my friends. But I told
thorn, no; that I had done wrong,and dono it with-
out thought and unknowingly, and that I was not
going to compromise myself by endeavoring to sup-
press the testimony. Hundreds have done the same
thing beforo and will do it again. I applied to the
young man and returned the $500. If it were neces-
sary 1 could show that I had been offered by two or
three different persons $1,000. This was done to ac-
commodate Captain Coombs, to whom I was under
obligations, never thinking I was doing wrong. So
far as the $500 is concerned it is of no consequence.
I have money enough, both of my own and tho prop-
erty ofiny wife. What I did was notfrom mercenary
motives. I oould show that I have given $12,000 to
control the presidential election in my State. That
is all I have to say.
My resignation is in the hands of the Governor of.
my State, I suppoSo. Speaker Blaine has a copy of
it; for I think it is tho duty of a member of Con-
gress to make vaoant the place he has disgraced.
Gentlemen, I tender you my thanks for the many
courtesies shown to me; and for the many favors
shown mo I thank you heartily.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
to the House that the resolution offered by the
committee is-framed in accordance with the
fact that the House decided a few days ago
that a member could resign whenever he Saw
proper. On the question whether that decision
is correct or not, I hare nothing to say. Bat
in view of that decision, and the Speaker
having notified the House yesterday morning
that Mr. Deweese had resigned his seat) the
committee merely introduced this resolution*
declaring that he is unworthy of a seat, but
omitting a declaration of expulsion, because
the decision has been made that we cannot
expel a member who had resigned. We Would
certainly hare reported a resolution of expul-
sion but for the decision of the House die
other day. I demand the previous question on
agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOODWABD and Mr. WILLARD
called for the yeas and nays on agreeing to the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theattirmati ve-^-yeaB 173, nayeO, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Mes rs. Adams, AltLsen, Ambler, Ames,
treher,ArneU, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks,
earn an, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs
Bingham, Bird.Blair.Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buek, Buckley, Bnffintoa, Burchard, Burdett, Burr,
Cake.Calkin.Cessna, Churohill, Clarke, A.masa Cobb,
Boburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom,
avis, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Dyer, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferris, Ferry.Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris,Hawkins,Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Henton, lleflin, Hill, Hoar, Hogc, Hol-
man,Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenekes, XhomaB
L, Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Kctcham,
Knapp, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Longhridge, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCor-
miek, McCrary, McGrew, MeKee, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore.JespeH.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Myers, Niblaek,O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters, Pome-
roy, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Kandall, Reading,
Reeves. Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
maker.ocofleld,Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Swann, 1'afffe, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twiebell, Tyner,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees.Ward.Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Wells. Wheeler, Wilkinsdn, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Witeber, Wood, and Wood-
ward—173. „ _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Bailey, Bar-
num, Benton, Booker, Bowen. James Brooks, Ben-
jamin F. Batter, Roderick R. Butler, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb. Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Duval, Ela. Fitch, Gilfillan, Haight, Hale,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, KclleyiLyneb,
McCarthy, Morriesey, Mangen, Negley, Paoker,
Phelps. Piatt, Poland, Ridgway, Sanford, Schenck,
Porter Sheldon, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Upson,
Van Auken, Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, and
Welker—47.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire before this business
is closed to present a question to the House. I
request the attention of gentlemen to the point
on which I desire to receive instructions. I
suppose it is well known to every member that
the work which this COtamittee, of which I am
chairman, is performing is one that is not very
desirable; at least it is one that is not very
desirable to us. We have no disposition to
shirk in the least particle the duty devolved
upon ub by the House. We are willing to exam-
ine every case that is presented to us under the
resolution; but a question has arisen in our
committee-room of the character which I will
state. The resolution of the House instructed
the Committee on Military Affairs to inquire
into the sale of cadetships at the Military Acad-
emy at West Point and the Naval Academy at
Annapolis by members of tfhis Congress and
eX-members of Congress. That would go back
to the year 1842, the time when, I believe,
appointments of this kind commenced under
the law. The committee believe, whether cor-
rectly or not, that this Congrfess has a right,
and that we as a committee have a right to
eXBtiiitte into any question in regard to any
appointments of cadets that may have been
made by inembers of this Congress; I do not
me&n made during this Congress, but made at
anytime by any member of this Congress when
a member of Congress, no matter if it goes back
twenty years. But there is this question in our
minds, whether when theperson involved is not
a member of the present Congress and has no
chance of defense either before the House or
the committee, the Honse having no jurisdic-
tion over his person, whether we have such
jurisdiction of the question as to authorize us
to investigate cases of that character and report
them to the House? When I speak of ex-mem-
bers of Congress I do not mean gentlemen who
are resigning from day to day, because I do not
propose to exclude them; they are members
of this Congress; if they resign to prevent an
investigation I presnme the Honse and the
committee have a right to go ahead with the
investigation, for they are present and have an
opportunity of making therrdefense. I want
the House to instruct the committee whether
or sot we shall investigate the conduct of per-
sons who are not members here. If the House
so instructs us we will go on under the resolu-
tion to do it. If not, oar investigation will bo
confined to persons having seats in this body
now, or that hava had seats in this body during
this Congress.
I will say further, as a reason for the request
I make, that the committee have taken evi-
dence against persons—I will not say how
many or how few-^-who are not members of
this Congress, but who heave been members of
former Congresses, Showing their connection
with the sale of cadetships. Having taken
that evidence under the resolution, we are
ready to report-it to the Honse; but we d® not
know what kind of resolntion to report. The
Houre having no jurisdiction of the persons,
we do not know what resolution we can report
for the action of the House. If, however,
the House instructs us to report the evidence
we propose to do it, and let the House take
such action as they see propOr; or we will re-
port a resolution if the House thinks they have
jurisdiction. But we ask die House to make
this decision for as, so that we may be guided
by it. We think there is great question whether
we have such jurisdiction as would authorize
us, under the precedents of former Congresses,
to investigate the case of a man who has been
a member of Congress, but who is not a mem-
ber of this Congress and has not been a mem-
ber of this Congress. That is the question
that I present to the House in behalf of the
committee.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the House will
