1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be sold that the duties shall be paid. I there-
fore propose to insert after the words " United
States" the words "or shall not be reexported
wjthm on? .year after the opening of said ex-
hibition"
Tfcien at the end of the section, after the
worl "prescribe," I propose to insert the
words "the United States shall have a lien
on such goods:until said duties shall have been
paid, ana in case of sale and removal from the
pd^ce of exhibition without payment of said
duties the corporation hereby granted shall be
k>lden.therefor."_
On page 11, section fifteen, line three,after the
word "reservation," I propose to insert some
additional words. It will be seen that these
grounds are not only to be furnished, but they
are to be "inclosed and properly graded, pre-
pared and laid out in suitable walks and roads,
ani provided with such appropriate gates and
approaches" ,as the Secretary "may deem
necessary for the use of foot passengers and
vehicles, and to provide a practicable and
sightly avenue of communication between said
reservation and. Penitsylvania avenue or other
main street or avenue in the city of Washing-
ton," all at the expense of the United States.
Surely, is it not enough that we shall furnish
the ground and let this company with $3,000,000
of capital grade it and prepare it to suit them-
selves ? I therefore propose to insert after the
word "reservation" the words " the Secretary
of the Interior may authorize the use and
occupancy thereof, if he shall deem it not in-
consistent with the public interests, for the
purposes and according to the terms herein
set forth."
It will be seen by looking over the bill, that
the committee have very generously stricken
out the lap't section, whichproposes to make an
appropriation of money for carrying out all
these objects. .Does it therefore follow that
the United States will not be subjected to any
expense? Why, of course, if we authorize an
expenditure of money we shall hereafter be
called upon to make the appropriation, and
very likely we shall come out of this exhibition
in the same manner that we came out with the
Paris exhibition, where it was proclaimed that
we would not be subjected to more than $50,000
or $100,000 of expenditure at the outside, and
yet we did not complete it for less than
$500,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twenty thousand dol-
lars, I think, was all that was first asked for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was a very
small sum; I do not remember the exact
amount. The committee have also very gra-
ciously stricken out the hundreds of policemen
which they proposed to authorize and pay for,
and substituted the troops of the United States
and marines. Now, it is known that General
Sherman thinks we have no more troops than
we have use for, not as many. Are we to en-
list more men for this special duty of doing
police work here in Washington ?
Then, again, it is provided in this bill that
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secre-
tary of the Navy are to provide means of trans-
portation at all the ports of the United States
to receive and carry back all the goods that
may be sent here for the purposes of this ex-
hibition. Any one can see that that will involve
an immense amount of labor and immense cost
to the Government of the United States.
But after all I will say that I am in favor at
the proper time of an industrial exhibition of
this kind. I am not in favor of it at the present
time or even at the time proposed. I do not
believe that the country has had time to recu-
perate so that we are in any condition at the
present moment to make such an exhibition
as would compete with similar exhibitions
which have occurred abroad. Whenever we
do undertake a feat of this kind I am for
achieving success. At the present moment it
would be unjust to our southern brethren, who
have had no time to repair the damages of the
recent conflict; and whenever we do make an
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 20.
exhibition of this kind it ought to embrace
every State and Territory in the Union. They
should be enabled to do the best they can to
make an exhibit of which we should be proud,
and of which the world would be proud.
I agree with the Senator from Nevada that
this i3 not the place for such an exhibition when
we'do make it. Why, we could not have an
exhibition here of a single State and hope to
accommodate the people that ought to be here
to view it. The representatives of all the
States of the Union could find no such accom-
modations here as would be necessary. If we
ever are to make an exhibition of this kind
and are to excel in it it must be at. the com-
mercial metropolis of the nation. We should
make a beggarly show I fear; one of which all
of us would be ashamed if it should ever come
off here.
_ I trust that we shall not pass this bill at this
time involving the Government in so much
expenditure as this will necessarily involve,
and so greatly in advance of time. Why should
we say now that we will have this exhibition
in 1872 at the city of Washington V Does any-
body wish to steal a march in relation to this
exhibition ? Why not wait and see where is
the proper place to have it? Why not, also,
count the cost? I trust the motion of the
Senator from Nevada will prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada, to
recommit the bill to the Committer on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that is likely to lead
to a protracted discussion, and we may not get
through with the bill to-day, and as I think
there is no-particular objection in trying to do
so, I move that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put,
with the permission of the Senate, I should like
to offer two orders in pursuance of a letter I
have just received from the Department of
State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield for that purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
printing op diplomatic papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer tlve following resolu-
tion, and ask its adoption :
Jiesolvcd, That there be printed for the use of the
Department ofState five hundred copies of the Presi-
dent's message of the 20th instant and the papers
which accompanied it, concerning Cuban affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That must goto She Com-
mittee on Printing,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
must be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. May it not be adopted now
by unanimous consent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a law on that
subject which binds both Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the operation of a law which can-
not be waived by the unanimous consent of
either body, and only by concurrent action,
such resolutions must be considered by the
Committee on Printing. The law is printed
with the Digest of the Rules of the other House.
The resolution will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] who is chairman of
that committee, has gone home. I have no
doubt the other members of the committee
would cheerfully give their consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two members
of the Committee on Printing are present in
the Chamber: the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Harris] and the Senator from California,
[Mr. Casserly.]
Mr. SUMNER. I offer also the following
resolution:
Beaolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Department of State five hundred copies of the
President's message of 22d December, 1869, and the
accompanying papers, relating to pending questions
with Great Britain.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be-referred to the Committee on Printing.
■ Mr. HARRIS. I am authorized by the mem-
bers of the committee prese'nt; being a major-
ity, to report favorably on the two resolutions
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
being now, repbEted l>y the Committee on Print-
ing,: the question, is on.agreeing: to them.
The resolutions were agreed .to..
washington international exhibition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion that
the Semite proceed to the consideration of
executive business. .
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope before that motion
is put that the Senator. fromVetmont will be
allowed to submit his amendments informally,
so that they may be printed,;. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that course will-be taken.,
Mr. TRUMBULL. , I have no objection to
the amendments being sent to the Secretary's
desk and an order being entered for-their
printing. "
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I withdraw
the motion for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (8; No.
291) to encourage and promote the Interna-
tional Industrial Exhibition to -be held in
Washington city in the year 1871 is before the
body. , . , ...
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say but a word.
To most of the amendments, Which have been
indicated by the Senator from Vermont I shall
have no objection, but to some of them I shall
object, and as to others I think I shall be able
to satisfy my friend-himself-that there is no
necessity for them. At the $rop.eir time I shall
state what are my views itt relation,to the pro-
priety of-holding this fair and what has been
done by the people here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
recommit is pending; but the Senator from
Vermont, on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, has sent to the desk amendments which
he intends to propose hereafter. If no objec-
tion be made an order will be entered for the
printing of these proposed amendments.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after five
hours spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
message er0m the house.
During the executive session a message was
received from the House of Representatives, by
Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announcing that Mr.
Henry L. Dawes, a Representative in the
House from the State of Massachusetts, had
been appointed Speaker pro tempore of the
House for the residue of this day.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 679) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids m the Mississippi river j
A biM (H. R. No. 695) making appropri-
ations to partially supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 4) relating to
States "and Fvessels owned in the loyal
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
the memory of George Peabody, deceased.
approval op bills.
• ?em??rs haying been reopened,
+l tt ? stated that the President of
the United States desired him to inform the
