1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4449
made to other companies, but still a large sub-
sidy, a subsidy of something between sixteen
and seventeen thousand dollars to the mile.
Besides that, the right of way is grqgited and
the right to take all materials that are necessary
for construction, and to take lands for depots,
water-stations, and works of that kind. I think
most probably it is enough to build the road,
not to build and equip it, but enough to build
it with these grants. And why should there
not be this protection to actual settlers ? Why
allow the company to go on and monopolize
the land or monopolize such portions of it as
it sees lit to monopolize? It is a long road.
I do not know exactly what length it is, but it
is the whole length of the peninsula of Florida.
Mr. POMEROY. A great share is already
built; two hundred miles are already in opera-
tion, and lands to that extent have already gone
to the company ; but the grant was forfeited to
the United States during the war before the
road was completed. This is to revive the old
landgrantontheeud of the iinenot completed,
and to let the company have it as they have
had it for the rest of the road which has been
completed.
Mr. THURMAN. Then why is the bill
drawn in this form?
Mr. OSBORN. I beg to say that the Sena-
tor from Kansas is mistaken. There are two
grants here. The last section revives the old
grant for the benefit of a line of road of which
two hundred and thirty miles have already been
completed and of which there are yet onehun-
died and fifty miles to build.
Mr. THURMAN. Is not that the same
company spoken of in the first section ?
Mr. OSBORN. It is not.
Mr. TTIU-RMAN. Another company?
Mr. OSBORN. Another company.
Mr. THUTIMAN. What are the termini of
that road?
Mr. OSBORN. The Georgia line on the
north, and the Bay of Byscaine on the south.
Mr. THUTIMAN. Then itis almost parallel
with the road proposed in the first section.
Mr. OSBORN. Perpendicular to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought the Senator
said it went from the Georgia line to the same
bay on the south.
Mr. OSBORN. Byscainebayis the extreme
point of the peninsula.
Mr. THURMAN. Then [ understand the
southern terminus is the same for both roads.
Mr. OSBORN. No, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. This only shows how
necessary it is that we should have some report
. on these matters. I do not wish to take up
time. I think the question has been argued
over and over again ; and if the Senator from
California had not been temporarily absent
from his seat I should have left it to him to
say what he had to say in regard to this amend-
ment. I hope the Senate will adopt it. I trust
.the Senate will not go back on what I think
has been progress in the right direction, but
that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY I trust the Senator from
Floiida will accept the amendment, so as to
avoid delay.
Mr. OSBORN. I accept the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; then there
is no occasion for my speaking to it.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The sama clause
that was put in the Dakota hill. Itisto strike
several lines out of this bill and insert a pro-
vision recently incorporated iti the Dakota
railroad bill and one or two others.
Mr. HARLAN. The same that has been
iCThe VICE PRESIDENT. Thfesame.
Mr. HARLAN. Does that limit the price
of the land to $2 50 an acre?
Mr. OSBORN. It averages the price at
$'2 GO an acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. In lines seven, eight, and
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 279.
nine of section four I move to strike out the
words " at fair and reasonable rates of com-
pensation not exceeding that paid by private
individuals, or the average paid for like services
on other roads." If those words be stricken
out, then the Government would have a right
to the use of this road to transport troops and
munitions of war, supplies and public stores,
free of charge ; in other words, it would be
precisely as it is with almost all our canals in
Ohio and Indiana, where for a much less sub-
sidy the Government has the right to transport
its troops and munitions of war free of charge.
T.do not propose that the Government shall
give this great subsidy to these railroad com-
panies for hundreds of miles, and at the same
time pay them for transporting troops and
munitions of war for the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
that amendment. It will not affect that ques-
tion at all. The Government has the right of
way over your roads, but it always pays. The
Government has the right of way if it provides
its own rolling-stock; but it never does provide
it. There is nonobjection to the amendment.
Mr. OSBORN. I make no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. Myfriendis entirely mis-
taken. The Government has no right of way
over our railroads in Ohio ; but it has a right of
way over the canals, and does not pay one cent
toll, and never has.
Mr. POMEROY. I mean over the railroads
of the West where they have been granted pub-
lic lands. The Government has the right to
use them if it provides its own rolling-stock.
Mr. THURMAN. You accept my amend-
ment, I understand?
Mr. POMEROY. I do, so far as I am con-
cerned.
Mr. OSBORN. I accept the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 agreeing to the substitute as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make an amend-
ment to the proviso in the last section, which
now reads :
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to any lands that have been sold, entered un-
der the homestead act, or upon which preemption
rights have attached subsequent to tlio reversion ot
said lands to the United States.
I move to insert after the words "homestead
act" the words "or any amendment thereof."
There is an amendment to the homestead act.
Mr. OSBORN. I acccpt that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAYMENT OF PEXSIOXS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate now to
take up House bill No. 1987, to provide for
paying the pensions of widows and orphans
quarterly. It is a bill that ought to be passed,
and to which I think nobody will object.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define
the duties of pension agents, to prescribe tbe
manner of paying pensions, and for other pur-
poses.
The Secretarv read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendments reported by the
Committee on Pensions ; but the morning hour
has expired, and the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, being the
bill (H. E. No. 16G9) for the relief of Harriet
E. Parker, is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us finish this bill
while we are upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall dispose
of it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday will be passed over in-
formally, if there be no objection, and the
pending bill proceeded with, subject to a de-
mand for the regular order. The Chair hears
no objection.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Pensions was in section two, line three, after
the word " pensioner," to insert the word
being;" in line six, after the word "Treas-
urer,'' to insert the words " or designated
depositary," and at the end of the section to
add, " but any pensioner may be required, if
thought proper by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, to appear persoually and receive his
pension;" so that the section will read :
That upon the receipt of such voucher, properly
executed, and the identity ot tho pensioner being
estabhshed and proven in the manner prescribed by
the Secretary of tho Interior, the agent for the pay-
ment of pensions shall immediately draw his cheek
on tho proper Assistant Treasurer or designated de-
positary of the United States for the amount due
such pensioner, payable to his or her order, and
transmit tho same by mail, directed to the address
ot tho pensioner entitled thereto; but any pensioner
may be required, if thought proper by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, to appear personally and receive
his pension.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line two, to strike out the word "compensa-
tion" and insert the words "commission on
payments;" in lino four, after the word "ser-
vices," to insert the words "including post-
age;" in line five, after the word "act," to
strike out the words "includingpostage," and
also to strike out the word "thirty" at the
end of the line and insert "forty;" in line
eight, after the word "person," to insert the
words "employed or appointed by him," and
inline eleven, after the word "shall," to strike
out the words "forfeit and pay the sum of
$500, to be recovered in any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction," and insert "shall be held
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding $500;" so that the
section will read:
That in addition to the commission on payments
now allowed by law, each pension agent shall be
allowed, as full compensation for all services, includ-
ing postage, required by the provisions of this act,
the stmi ot forty cents, and no more, for each voucber
prepared and paid by him, which amount shall be
paid by tho United States. And any pension agent
or other person employed or appointed by him who
shall take, or receive, or demand any fee or reward
from any pensioner for any service in connection
with tho payment of his or her pension shall be held
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall bo punished by a
line not exceeding £500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The -next amendment was in section five,
line eight, after the word " instructions," to
insert the words " and make all needful regu-
lations ;" so that the section will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior shall cause suit-
able blanks for the vouchers mentioned in the iirst
section of this act to bo printed and distributed to
tho agents for the payment ot pensions, upon which
he shall cause a noto to bo printed informing pen-
sioners of the fact that hereafter no pension will be
paid except upon.the vouchers issued as herein di-
rected: and lie shall also give all necessary instruc-
tions and make all neediui regulations for carrying
this act into effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
two, after the word "pensions," to insert the
words " and any clerks appointed by them and
designated in writing for that purpose, which
designation shall be returned to and filed in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions;"
in line eight to strike out the word "draft"
and insert "check;" in; line eleven, after the
word "falsely," to insert the words "and
corruptly;" in line fourteen, after tho word
"agent," to insert the words " or his desig-
nated clerk;" and in line sixteen to strikeout
the words "as if the same were taken before
an officer authorized to administer oaths and
afnrmationsfor general purposes'' and to insert
"by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
and by fine not exceeding $1,000;" so that tho
section will read:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That agents for
the payment of pensions, and any clerks aj>i>! uiiuu
by thom and designated in writing lor that narpo.-e.
which designation shall be returned to and ti t*d
