2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
and joint resolutions, the introduction of reso-
lutions is now in order.
UPPEIt COLUMBIA RIVER.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Ileaohed, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to communicate to the Senate any information in
Lis Department relative to the survey and improve-
ment of the upper Columbia river.
TRANSPORTATION OF CATTLE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
directed to consider what legislation, if any, is
nocted for the regulation of the transportation of
cattle and other animals on railroads in the United
.States, so as to leave for them sufficient space, with
water, food, and ventilation.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken on
the resolution! desire to read a paragraph from
a letter from the secretary of an agricultural
society, who sets forth facts which wero to me
new. He says:
" I have been led to acquaint myself with tho sys-
tem of wholcsalo torturo practiced in tho transporta-
tion of animalson all tho railroadsbetweon tholia.it
and tho West. Tho horrors of no slave-ship over
exceeded the suffocation, starvation, maiming, and
tramplins to death which occur habitually on tho
rattle-trains, save Ihat tho victim ill tho ono case is
human and in the other a brute bou.st, Tho loss also
by bruising, shrinking, and death in thccattlc-trains
amounts to an enormous waste, making humane
methods of transportation cheaper. Htill more, tho
bruised, diseased cattle which survivo tho middle
passage aro thrown upon our markets and form a
larffepart of tho animal food of our people. Consid-
erations of public health thoreforo require nn abate-
ment of 1 his wrong. I am very anxious that a law
regulatinn tho transportation of animals should be
passed by Oongresssimilar to tho lairs regulating the
transportation of passengers."
I hope the Committee on Agriculture will
give their early atlentiou (o this subject.
The resolution was adopted.
isir.r, nucoMiiiTTED.
Mr. RAMSEY. On the 01st of March a
member of the Military Committee reported
back the joint resolution (S. R. No. Ii2) for
the relief of William M. Kimball, and moved
its indefinite postponement. Tho thing was
done rather inconsiderately, and before papers
in explanation of the case were placed before
the committee. 1 now move, with the consent
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, to reconsider that vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
means to ask unanimous consent?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly I do.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be done by unani-
mous consent, but we cannotdoitin any other
way.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none, and the
motion to reconsider will be considered as
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move to recommit
the joint resolution to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIVN TAX ON CATTLE.
Mr, HAMILTON, of Texas, submitted'the
following resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs:
"W hereas tho tribe of Cherokee Indians did, in
then- council, on the 16th day of December, 1867, held
at Tahhujuah, pass an act levying a tax and impost
on s  11 cattle and animals driven through theireoun-
trylrom lexas to the northern States; and whereas
said council did, on tho 28th day of November, 1869,
alurthcr act in relation to said tax and impost,
jn certain instances doubling it; and whereas both
of said nets are contrary to the laws of the United
states allowing free transitfor citizens and property
lrom one State or Territory to another; Therefore,
Jlesolved, That the Committeeon Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire whether said acts of said Cher-
okee council of the 10th of December, 1867, and of
the 28th of November, 1869, should not be declared
null and void; and if so, that they report a bill for
that purpose.
fort smith and fort riley kailroap.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 338 is now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Arkan-
sas to give way to me for one moment.
Mr. McDONALD. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. 1 hare twice had up here a little
joint resolution proposing to change three words
in a former act which was erroneously enrolled.
When the resolution was up on Saturday last
the Senator from California [Mr. Casserly]
interposed an objection; but I understood that
upon examination of the matter he is satisfied
that the thing I desire is right. I hope, there-
fore, thattbat joint resolution will be taken up
now and disposedof. If itleadsto any debate
I will not press it. I desire to call the attention
of the honorable Senator from California to the
amendment which was proposed to the resolu-
tion which I bad under consideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offered some objection
to the passage of the measure advocated by the
Senator from Nevada to which he has just re-
ferred. I did so because I was not sure whether
the amendment that he proposed to make would
operate to introduce a new provision into the
original bill, or whether it would operate to
correct an error in the bill as filed in the office
of the Secretary of State. This morning I
examined the original bill as engrossed in the
office of tho Secretary of the Senate; it was a
Senate bill, I understand; and in the bill as
engrossed in the office of the Secretary of this
body the words "of the President" do un-
doubtedly appear ; so that it seems that the bill
as passed by both Houses did contain tho lan-
guage which the Senator now proposes by this
amendment to restore to the original bill. In
view of that fact, and with that information, I
do not desire to take advantage of what seems
to have been a clerical error; although I regard
the policy as a very objectionable one, because
iltako3 away from Congress tho right of super-
vision over the dealings of the Indians with
their lands. I do not press my objection, so
far as that is concerned, to the measure.
Mr. POMEROY. As the question, I believe,
is on the passage of this resolution, I hope it
will be passed.
Mr. THURMAN. Can the Senator from
Nevada tell me bow tho bill is on file in the
office of the Secretary of State? Is it as
printed, or as engrossed in the Senate 1
Mr. NYE. It is both ways. Tho bill as
printed appears as the enrolled hill does, but
the engrossed bill of the Senate, is as I propose
to make it, as it passed the two Houses.
Mr. THURMAN. How is the bill in the
roll which is deposited in the office of the Sec-
retary of State V
Mr. NYE. There the words "of the Pres-
ident" were loft out.
Mr.TIIURMAN. Oneothorquestion. Have
any bargains been made with these Indians; any
contracts for lands or the right of way ?
Mr. NYE. I am uuable to answer.
Mr. POMEROY, I understand that noth-
ing but tho right of way has been agreed to.
The Indians have agreed for the right of way
and lands for depot purposes. That is all, I
am told that is the fact.
Mr. NYE. They are at work on the right of
way now ?
Mr. THURMAN. What railroad is this?
Mr. POMEROY. The southern branch of
tho Union Pacific. It runs down in the Neosho
valley, in the State of Kansas.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 12!))
to correctly enroll section ten of an act enti-
tled "An act granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of a southern
branch of the Union Pacific railway and tele-
graph from Fort Riley, Kansas, to Fort Smith,
Arkansas.1 "
The joint resolution was reported to tho Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A
joint resolution to amend section ten of an act
entitled ' An act granting lands to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction of a south-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railway and
telegraph from Fort Riley, Kansas, to Fort
Smith, Arkansas.'"
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1395) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshom A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negan; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to deliver the
11 Mount Vernon relics" to Mrs. Mary Custis
Lee.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1340) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1870, and for other purposes, and
had agreed to other amendments of the Senate,
with amendments, and asked a conference 011
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes of
Massachusetts, Mr. Aaiion A. Sargent of
California, and Mr. James Brooks of New
York, managers at the same on its part.
AMERICAN STEAMSHIP MNES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to. consider the bill (S. No. 338) to
encourage theestablishmentof a lineof steam-
ships, under the flag of the Union, for the con-
veyance of the mails of the United States to
European ports and ports of India and China,
by way of the Suez canal, and for promoting
emigration from Europe to tho southern States
of the Union, and reducing the rates ol'ocean
postages.
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President, no subject
should more earnestly engross the atteution of
Congress than the revival of our commerce.
This arm of our strength having been palsied
by recent events, the Republic looks to the
I'ederal Government to regain the prestige of
her commercial supremacy.
Midway between Europe and Asia our coun-
try spans the whole continent, comprising in
her resources of natural wealth more of the
elements of grandeur and power than was ever
possessed by any empire of ancient or modern
times ; our navigable rivers, our gulfs and
bays indenting our sea-board, opening up an
inland navigation of more than twenty-five thou-
sand miles. Our railways, like groat cordons of
union, stretching from ocean to ocean and web-
bingover the Republic in every direction, in the
aggregate more than forty-five thousand miles,
afford ample facilities for the development of
our resources of wealth and power; while our
free institutions stimulate the energies of our
people and invite to our land an increasing
tide of emigration from all parts of the world.
Yet with all those unrivaled advantages of
natural wealth, of inland intercommunica-
tion, of free institutions, and of command-
ing position, the humiliating fact exists that
we are almost destitute of the means of inter-
national intercourse with the great commercial
Powers of the world. Not a line of Ameri-
can steamships is employed in our trade with
Europe; not an American citizen, for profit
or pleasure, can cross the Atlantic; not an
embassador or other diplomatic agent of our
Government can be sent to any Court of Europe
under the protection of our own flag. Large
subsidies are paid to foreign companies for the
transportation of our mails. More than ten
million dollars of profits are annually drawn
from our own trade to fill the coffers of foreign
capitalists, while our own ship-yards lie idle
