1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
indulge me, I wish to say that I appreciate the
embarrassment which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has explained to the
House. It occurs to me that the committee
has no jurisdiction as to the persons of ex-
members of Congress; has no right to invest-
igate in regard to them with a view to any
personal proceedings against them. But, sir,
when the resolution directing this investigation
was adopted it meant more than a mere invest-
igation of the delinquencies of individuals.
It meant to inform this House in respect to the
■working of these two great national schools,
the Naval Academy at Annapolis and the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point. The inform-
ation to which the honorable chairman alludes
it seems to me would be very important as
bearing upon the question whether it is expe-
dient for Congress to keep up these schools in
the manner and upon theprinciples upon which
they have hitherto been conducted. We appro-
priate annually large sums of money for their !
support. There are reasons why this kind of '
technical education is needed by the nation.
But, sir, if these schools have come to be filled
by purchased incumbents in violation of those
acts of Congress that secure so each congres-
sional district a right to representation in them,
then either these schools ought to be abolished
as a public nuisance or those acts of Congress
ought to be reformed.
The information to which the honorable gen-
tleman alludes as having been gathered by his
committee in my judgment is most important
as bearing upon the question of the future legis-
lation of Congress in respect to these schools.
So far as it shall bear upon persons and indi-
viduals and lead to punitive measures, I quite
agree with the chairman [Mr. Logan] that the
committee have no power over the ex-members
of Congress. Over existing members of Con-
gress 1 hold that we have plenary power, even
though the delinquency occurred in some pre-
vious Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. That.is correct.
Mr. WOODW ABiD. Speaking only for my-
self—for I have not conferred with any one
upon this subject—I say that I should be glad
to have this investigation prosecuted in the
most diligentand thorough manner for all time,
with a view to informing this House as to the
proper legislation in respect to the schools at
West Point and at Annapolis.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly;
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like it very much
if the sense of the House could be taken upon
this particular question in the form of a resolu-
tion. I am perfectly clear for myself that it
is a simple act of usurpation for the House of
I'epresentatives to order au investigation into
the official misconduct of members of former
Congresses who are not now members of this
House. We have norightto constitute a tribunal
to inquire into the official misconduct of any
person when he is no longer amenable to this
House. If it were an opea question whether,
haying once been a member of the House o£
liepNMseatatives, he were impeachable now
there might be some room for inquiry here.
But since the first trial by impeachment in the
Senate of the United States down to this day
it has been considered a closed question, I
believe, by the decision of the Senate that a
member of either House is not a civil officer
within the provision of the Constitution, sub-
ject to impeachment. Therefore, by the
judgment of the Senate that proceeding was
dismissed.
That being 60, if this person, or any person
referred to—for I . was not in my seat when the
honorable chairman [Mr. Logan] commenced
his remarks—was a member of some former
House, but is not now a member of this House,
l"e honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] suggests, and has not been a
•member of this Congress at all, touching
whom an investigation has been ordered, it
seems to me, as I said before, that it would be
usurpation to institute the inquiry at all, for he
has a right to be heard before the tribunals which
are provided by the Constitution of the United
States. No w, it is well enough understood, from
what has fallen already, that the subjects-mat-
ter of this inquiry goes to offenses indictable
under the statutes of the country. This is not
the place to make that inquisition against a
man not a member of this House.
Mr. KELSEY. If the member from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] and the member from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] will permit, I will submit a reso-
lution upon this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs [Mr. Logan] will permit the voice of the
House to be taken upon this subject.
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
The resolution was read as follows:
Benolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
is instructed not to investigate charges against any
person in regard to the sale of cadetships who is not
now or has not been a member of this House during
the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that expresses the
true rule, and I hope the gentleman will allow
it to be offered.
Mr. LOGAN. I think it should be modified,
if it ia to be acted on. As I understand it, it
instructs the committee not to investigate in
certain cases. If the House is of opinion that
we ought not to investigate such cases, then
the proper way would be to rescind that por-
tion of the original resolution which requires
the committee to investigate them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, in accordance with
the suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] I would move to amend the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kelsey] so as to make it a resolution rescind-
ing the authority to investigate the acts of
members of former Congresses.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. If the resolution
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
is to be acted on it should be modified to meet
this case; the committee have received testi-
mony in regard to some ex-members. Now,
although we have been as careful, I believe, as
it is possible for a committee to be, some of
that testimony has got into the public prints.
My idea is that it would be injustice of the
grossest kind to allow these cases to stop there
half way, with all the injury inflicted which Can
be inflicted by an investigation of this kind,
without giving the persons interested, or such
of them as may desire it, an opportunity to
introduce testimony explanatory or rebutting,
to be presented by the committee, so as in some
shape to counteract the injury done by this
testimony which has already been taken against
them. I would therefore suggest that the reso-
lution be modified so that the committee may
be instructed not to take up and investi-
gate any new cases of that character. But I
should be unwilling that the committee should
be prevented from receiving additional testi-
mony in cases which have already undergone
some investigation, and in reference to which
rumors as to the facts already elicited have gone
to the public.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] suggest an amendment
to my resolution ? I am not tenacious about
the form of the resolution. I only desire that
the committee shall not proceed to investigate
in relation to persons over whom neither they
nor the House have any jurisdiction.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I would say to
the gentleman that the difficulty I have sug-
gested might be obviated by a proviso declar-
ing that where testimony has been received in
any case the committee shall have power to
complete the investigation.
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
language of the pending resolution is broad
enough to defeat the purpose of the resolution
which I had the honor to offer last Friday, rel-
ative to the action of executive officers of the
Government concerning this question. I ask,
therefore, that this resolution be so modified
or amended as not to suspend the investigation
relative to those officers._ If thtre is any case
against any such officers it ought to be known.
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that we
ought if possible to regulate our proceedings
upon some principle which we can stand by
and which will be understood by those who
shall come after us. We have had investiga-
tions ordered by the House for various pur-
poses 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I submit that there is no resolution
before the House.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair under-
stands, there is a resolution pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] permitted the res-
olution to be introduced?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Illinois to consent to its
introduction, with the view of having it mod-
ified.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say one word on
that point. I will yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] in a moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood that
the gentleman yielded simply to have the reso-
lution read.
Mr. LOGAN. I did.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I insist on my
point of order, that there is nothing before the
House, and until some resolution is introduced
debate is out of order. We can arrive at no
conclusion by talking when there is no resolu-
tion pending upon which the discussion can
proceed.
The SPEAKER. The discussion has pro-
ceeded by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] allow me to
offer a resolution ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That, in further execution of the order
of the House, the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to continue their investigation of alleged
: sale of cadetships by any person who has been elected
| as a member or Delegate of th&Forty-First Congress,
■ and by any person who holds any office under the
j United States.
! It occurs to me that this resolution willaccom-
! plish the object which gentlemen seek.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest that the language
' of the resolution might be construed to include
! members of the Senate. We have no power
at all to investigate the conduct of Senators.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why not?
Mr. BINGHAM. Because they are not
responsible to this House.
Mr. LOGAN. I trust the House will allow
me a single remark. The position of this mat-
ter is somewhat embarrassing to the committee,
and I will state that the reason we did not in-
troduce a resolution was that we did not wish
to indicate to the House what disposition should
be made of this question. We thought it proper
to submit the question to the-House that it might
decide whether we shall go on with the investi-
gation as we have been proceeding, or whether
, we shall stop so far as ex-members are con-
cerned. There are many reasons why we sug-
gested this question. If the investigation is to
• go on as it has commenced, including ex-mem-
bers, another appropriation would soon have to
be made to meet the expenses of the inquiry.
It was thought proper to suggest the matter to
the House and let the House adopt some reso-
lution on the subject. We want the House to
say whether we shall continue the cases already
before the committee of ex-members of Con-
gress, or merely confine the investigation in
reference to members of the present Congress.
