•306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Senate that he had approved and signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 281) to promote the recon-
struction' of the State of Georgia, and other
enrolled bills, but had not time to send to Con-
gress an official notification of the fact.
.. 0n_ motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
: djourned.
. The VICE PRESIDENT, under the concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses, declared the
Senateadjourned till Monday, January 10,1870.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
.Wednesday, December 22, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
■ Mr. •CESSNA moved that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER! That requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
, order op business.
• The, SPEAKER. It was ordered on yes-
terday, by unanimous consent, that no busi-
ness should be in order to-day except the intro-
ductions of bills and joint resolutions for ref-
erence to their appropriate committees and
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider* the signing of enrolled
bills, and debate in Committee of the Whole.
daniel k. wonderlic1i.
Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (H. R. No.
698) for the relief of Daniel K. Wonderlicli,
of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second tune, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
artificial limbs for soldiers.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. It. No.
699) to provide artificial limbs to soldiers who
lost their limbs while serving in the armies of
the Union during the late rebellion ; which was
read a firstand second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
george williamson and company.
Mr. PAINE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 99) authorizing and requiring the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund to George
Williamson & Co., of Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin, certain duties paid upon pig-iron ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the'Committee of Claims.
francis k. siiobek.
Mr, PAYNE also presented a paper from
the Governor of North Carolina, relating to the
removal ef political disabilities from Francis
13. Shober, claiming a seat in the House of
Representatives as a Representative from the
sixth congressional district of North Carolina ;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
district courts in louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 700) for the better organiza-
tion of the district courts of the United States
within the State of Louisiana; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
Mr. BOYD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 100) extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
imprisonment tor debt.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
701) to abolish imprisonment for debt in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes;
which was read afirstand second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
em1ior ware.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
702) for the relief of Ernmor Ware; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
homesteads.
Mr. BURDETT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands:
That the Committee on tho Public Lauds bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so-amend-
ing the laws of the United States relating to home-
steads as to permit of proof of settlement and-proof
of abandonment being taken by and before the clerks
of the county courts of tho counties where lands
affected are located, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
port of entry la crosse, wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 703) providing for the estab-
lishment of a collection district and port of
entry at La Crosse, Wisconsin; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
john seward.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
704) for the relief of John, Seward, a soldier in
the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
amendment 01? the constitution.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 101) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and seootid time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
president's message.
Mr. SCHEKTCK. As all gentlemen desiring
to introduce bills appear to have done so,I move
that the niles be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the discussion of
the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ingersoll in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the President's
annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman to
yield me twenty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will do
so if it bo understood it shall not come out of
my time.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
that understanding?
There was no objection.
apportionment of representation.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Chairman, some days
ago, while the census bill was under consider-
ation, the question of representation was briefly
discussed, but the provisions of that bill in rela-
tion to the apportionment was finally stricken
out, to be made the subject of future discussion
and legislation. In whatever light other mem-
bers may regard the subject, for myself I am
constrained to believe that the question in all
its phases in a Government like ours is a most
important one, and one that cannot lightly be
passed over by Congress.
The patriots who framed the Constitution
regarded the question of representation as an
important one, and it has been so regarded by
every Congress having to deal with it from the
day when the Constitution was adopted until
the present.
The particular questions which this Congress
is called upon to decide are the amount of rep-
resentation which the people shall have in this
branch of the national Legislature, and the time
when the change from the present represent-
ation to the one which may be agreed upon
shall take place. Upon the question of num-
bers I am in favor of a larger number than we
now have. 1 am in favor of an increase of the
present number to at least three hundred. In '
looking over the debates upon the subject of
representation, both in the Convention that
framed the Constitution and in the discussions
which took place in Congress since, as they
occurred every ten years in the history of the
country, I find that it seemed always to be the
judgment of the best statesmen that represent-
ation in the House of Representatives should
be large. The House of Representatives is
strictly the people's branch of the Legislature.
The Constitution of the United States fixes
the number of Senators from each' State, and
it is not in our power, except by changing the
fundamental law, to change the character ot
amount of representation in the Senate. And,
sir, I desire to say that while such is the fact
I am more and more convinced that it is be-
coming a serious question whether there should
not be a change made in the representation in
that body. I believe there will be at no distant
day such a change in the Constitution as to
change the basis of representation in. the
Senate.
But leaving that question for a'moment out
of'view, except to recognize the fact as it exists-;
does it not become moreimportant-to the peo-
ple that representation in this House should
be regulated in-strict accordance with justice
and!republican institutions?
It'would seem', in reading the history-and
debates of the early tindes in thiS-c'ountry, that
even as far back as- in 1792 evils h'sid to be
contended with by the legislators; though* we
are sometimes almost ready to be convinced
that all the evils have been reserved for our
day, yet then it was urged, in speaking of the
many evils which were then upon the country,
and which were to be apprehended in the future,
that there was no way to meet them in the
national Legislature but by a full representation
of the people'in the House. '*
In the little discussion on this question a few
days ago it was argued that it was economy
to keep the number of Representatives at a
small figure. That same argument has been
made in every Congress where the question
has been discussed. In answer to such ob-
jections to an increase, it was argued upon
the other hand that full representation gave
strength to the Government; "that it would
invigorate the affections of the people for the
country, and as the lower House of Congress
was increased more power would be conferred
on the Government; that by a large representa-
tion the greater would be the influence ot the
people over their Representatives and- over
their action."
Mr. Cushman, in 1802, said in Congress "that
representation tends to increase the common
stock of good feeling. At a distance iinseen and
unknown, and sometimes misrepresented, we
become alienated from each other ; but nearer
and nearer approaches, by the interchange of
thought and obliging offices, we learn to cor-
rect false impressions ; we rise superior to un-
generous views; we feel and cherish a mutual
deference; we are inclined to friendly senti-
ments, and with more harmony to cooperate
for the common weal."
Mr. Baylies, of Massachusetts, said upon this
question that "'he had full confidence in the
Representatives of the people." " A bold and
ambitious President, and such an one we shall
have sooner or later," wouldnothesitate to use
the influence of his office to operate upon the
popular branch of the Government, and the
surest cheek that could be interposed against
such an influence would be to increase the num-
ber of those who hold, if I may so term it, the
resisting power of the Government."
Mr. Randolph said "there was a time, and
he wished to live to see it again, when the legis-
lators of the country outnumbered the rank and
hie of the Army and the officers to boot." That
was, perhaps, a time when they had more men
than officers. Says he :
I wish I might see it again. Did ever aman hear
ot a country ruined by the expense of its legislators?
x cs; as the sheep is ruined by so much as is devoted
to the nourishment of the dog."
