1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3507
question ia on the amendhienUofthe Senator
from California [Mr. Cassebly) to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs. The Secretary will first report the
amendment proposed by the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That all the right and title of the United States to
the military reservation in the city and county of
San Francisco, in the State of California, known as
tUc Point San Jose military reservation, be, and the
same aro hereby, relinquished and granted.to the
?aid city and county, and its successor.', for the ben-
efit of the persons who, if the said land had not been
reserved lor public use, would have been ontitled
lii ere to, under the ordinances of the city of San
Francisco, ratified by an act of the Legislature of
the said State, approved on the 11th day of March,
1SS8, entitled "An act concerning the city of San
Francisco, and to ratify and confirm certain ordi-
nances of the common council of said city," there
being excepted from this relinquishment and grant
all that certain piece or parcel of land, portion of
said reservation, and which is bounded and described
as follows, namely: commencing at a point in the
mean low-water shore-line of the bay or entrance to
the bay of San Francisco, east of the promontory of
Point San Jos<\ where the same is intersected by the
westerly line of Van Ness avenue; running thence
southerly along the said westerly line of Van Ness
avenue to its intersection with the northern line of
Bay street: thence westerly along the north side of
Bay street to its intersection with the eastern line
of Laguna street; thence northerly along the said
eastern line of Laguna street to the westerly shore;
thence in a northeasterly, easterly, southeasterly,
and southerly direction, following the said shore-
line, to the point or place of beginning.
Skc. 2. A nd be it further enacted. That all laws and
parts of laws in eonflict with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby,declared inapplicable
to the lands hereinabove relinquished and granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
moved by the Senator from California to the
amendment of the committee will now be read.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me a moment, I observe that
in the ninth line of the amendment of the com-
mittee the word "reserved" is printed "pre-
served."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That verbal cor-
rection has been made. The Secretary will
now report the proposed amendment to the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line seven of the
amendment, after the word "successors," to
strike out the following words:
For the benefit of the persons who, if the said land
had not been reserved for public use, would have
been entitled thereto under the ordinances of the city
of San Francisco, ratified by an act of tho Legisla-
ture of the said State, approved on the 11th day of
March, 1838, entitled "An act concerning the city
of San Francisco, and to ratify and confirm certain
ordinances of the common council of said city.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the uses and purposes as follows: first, to
reserve and set apart, if the said city shall so provide
by ordinance, passed within six months after the date
of the passage of this act, as many lots of land, not
more than one hundred and thirty-seven and one
half feet square each, nor exceeding in t he aggregate
a quantity of land equivalent to the area of four such
lots, as may be necessary for sites for school-houses,
police stations, fire-engine houses, or any other pub-
lic establishments necessary and proper for municipal
purposes; or the same, or any.part thereof, may be
appropriated for a public square; but the city shall
not take, for the sites of said public square or estab-
lishments, more than one fifth parUpf the land pos-
sessed as hereinafter provided by^my one person.
Such lots of land so reserved and set apart may be in
addition to thosealready reserved and sot apart with-
in said military reservation by said city, under the
ordinance known as the Van Ness ordinance, and
certain other ordinance confirmatory thereof, and the
.jet of the Legislature of the State of California passed
March 11, 1858, confirming said ordinances, which
lots so reserved and set apart are hereby granted and
confirmed to said city. Second, to maintain all
streets and alleys as now laid out upon the official
map of the city of San Francisco. Third, and then
in trust to grant and convey the remainder of said
lands to the parties severally who are at the date of
the passage of this act in the actual bona fide posses-
sion thereof by themselves or their tenants, and in
such parcels as the same are so held and possessed
by them; or who, if they have not such possession,
were deprived thereof by the United States military
authorities when they went into the occupancy of
said military reservation; or were deprived thereof
by intruders or trespassers against whom possession
may be recovered by legal process. Fourth, to have
and to hold all the residue, if any, of said lands, for
the use and benefit of said oity.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Secretary has not
read the whole of the amend ment to the am en d-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That appears to
be the first of the amendments to the amend-
ment. The next amendment is to add an addi-
tional section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose the question
is first on the first amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall ask leave to strike
out the whole of the first subdivision of that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to modify his amendment, no vote hav-
ing been taken upon it. The Senator from
California proposes to modify the amendment
to the amendment by striking out—
Mr. CASSERLY. Commencing in line one
and ending in line twenty-one; and I do so
for this reason: that on some consultation I
find there will be great difficulty in enforcing
that part of the amendment without incon-
venience or detriment to private interests.
There are portions of this property upon which
are extensive and costly buildings for manu-
facturing purposes, a woolen-mill, a lead fac-
tory, and some other factories. I am unwill-
ing to subject them to the risk of having one
fifth of their property taken by the city author-
ities. It is scarcely conceivable that the city
authorities would so abuse their power; but
as some uneasiness has been expressed by
those interested in the subject, I prefer to strike
out that part of my amendment. I do it on
the further ground thatl understand that under
a former proceeding in that city for the pur-
pose of settling titles in this as well as other
parts of the city, certain reservations were
made of the land affected by this bill that
probably would be sufficient for public pur-
poses, at least for the present. If there be no
objection, I ask leave to strike out that portion
of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California proposes to modify the amend-
ment to the amendment by striking out the por-
tion referred to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of the amend-
ment, I desire to say to the Senate 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand how
much of the amendment the Senator proposes
to strike out. What lines?
Mr. CASSERLY. From line one, on the
first page, to line twenty-one, on the second
page.
Mr. COLE. There can be no objection to
that.
Mr. CASSERLY. Theobject of the amend-
ment was to conform this act to the act of
March, 1866, passed by Congress. By that
act the titles of the city of San Francisco rest
for the first time on a firm foundation, because
they rest upon agrant by the owner of the fee;
that is to say, the United States. The language
of that act is in recognition of the rights of
bona fide actual possessors; and that is the
language of this act. Both acts recognize the
same equities. The amendment perhaps ac-
complishes, more certainly also than the bill
reported from the committee, the object in
view; because it provides, for instance, for
maintaining the streets laid out and recogniz-
ing them as streets of the city, and in some
other respects which I need not trouble the
Senate now by repeating.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The numbering
of the subdivisions in the amendment to the
amendment must now be changed. " Second,"
"third," and "fourth," should be "first,"
"second," and "third."
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; the subdivis-
ions must be renumbered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
done. The Secretary will now report the next
amendment of the Senator from California to
the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment ,to tfye
amendment, which was to insert as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing ill
this act contained shall interfere with or prejudice
any valid adverse right or claim, if such exist, to
said land or any part thereof, whether derived from
Spain, Mexico, or tho United States, or preclude
any examination and adjustment thereof by tho
courts.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the usual section
in these bills.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the substitute of the
committee as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear it
read, as amended.
The Secretary read the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
That all the right and title of the United States
to the military reservation in the city and county
of San Francisco, in the State of California, known
as the Point San Jose military reservation, be, and
the same are hereby, relinquished and granted to
the said city and county, and its successors, for tho
uses and purposes as follows: First, to maintain all
streets and alleys as now laid out upon the official
map of the city of San Francisco. Second, and then
in trust to grant and convey the remainder of said
lands to the parties severally who are at the date of
the passage of this act in the actual bona fide posses-
sion thereof by themselves or their tenants, and in
such parcels as the same arc so held and possessed
by them; or who, if they have not such possession,
were deprived thereof by the United States military
authorities when they went into the occupancy of
said military reservation; or were deprived thereof
by intruders or trespassers, against whom possession
may be recovered by legal process. Third, to have
and to hold all the residue, if any, of said lands, for
the use and benefit of said city, there being ex-
cepted from this relinquishment and grant all that
certain piece or parcel of land, portion of said reser-
vation, and which is bounded and described as fol-
lows, namely: commencing at a point in the mean
low-water shore-line of tho bay or entrance to the
bay of San Francisco, east of the promontory of
Point San Jose, where the same is intersected by the
westerly line of Van Ness avenue; running thence
southerly along the said westerly line of Van Ness
avenue to its intersection with the northern line of
Bay street; thence westerly along the north side of
Bay street to its intersection with the eastern line
of Laguna street; thence northerly along the said
eastern line of Laguna street to the westerly shore;
thence in a northeasterly, easterly, southeasterly,
and southerly direction, following the said shore-
line to the point or place of beginning.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall interfere with or prejudico
any valid adverse right or claim, if such exist, to
said land or any part thereof, whether derived from
Spain, Mexico, or the United States, or preclude an
examination and adjustment thereof by the courts.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws in conflict with the provisions of this
aot be, and the same are hereby, declared inappli-
cable to the lands hereinbefore relinquished and
granted.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, let me call
the attention of the Senator from California to
the peculiar reading of the first section of this
bill. As I understood the bill wheu read by
the Clerk, the grant of land is made to the
city and county of San Francisco. To which
Of these two corporations does the Senator
from California intend that the grant should
be made, to the city or to the county, or are
both city and county to hold it in tenancy in
common?
Mr. COLE. It is one organization, one cor-
poration. That is the name of it. "The city
and county of San Francisco": is the name of
the corporation.
Mr. CASSERLY. Just like the city and
county of New York, I. will suggest to the
Senator from Michigan.;' that is the name of
the corporation. < <
Mr. HOWARD. There seemed something
peculiar about the phraseology, and I wished
to have an explanation of it, because there
might arise a conflict between the grantees, if
they were grantees.
Mr. CASSERLY. They are one and the
same corporation.
Mr. COLE. It is suggested that the second
section is of no use. That is very obvious
