1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
I want the judgment of the House on the mat-
ter. If the House favors the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Garfield,] very
well; although it may not meet the state of the
case we have now before us.
Mr. MAYNARD, Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Committee on
Military Affairs contemplate introducing any
bill proposing legislation on this general sub-
ject ; and if so, whether this investigation into
anterior proceedings is thought necessary to
shed light on the subject ?
Mr. LOGAN. The committee have not
agreed on any bill. We have talked on the
subject generally, but have agreed on no gen-
eral plan. I think when the committee come
to submit a final report they will make the
proper recommendations on this whole subject.
They will provide, so far as they understand
it, some remedy for the evil. I suggest, as a
thought of ray own and not as any recommend-
ation of the committee, that it should be pro-
vided these appointments should only be made i
from those who had been residents of the dis- !
tricts for a certain number of years. That |
would provide some remedy for the evil. I :
presume the committee will report something |
bearing on this point, but what it will be I can-
uot say.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to offer the following,
to come in as an additional resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
And further resolved, That the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be directed to report a bill for the con-
sideration of this House providing that all appoint-
ments to the Military and Naval Acadamies made
upon nominations in violation of law or upon pecun-
iary considerations shall be void, and that upon
proper proof thereof the person appointed shall be
discharged by the Secretary of War.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield to that now.
I do not desire to get into any discussion on
the necessary general legislation in reference
to this subject. I would rather let the House
take a vote that the committee should be
allowed to continue as they have been going
on. I only laid the question before the House
to show the embarrassments under which the
committee were acting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Whenever the com-
mittee wish to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject they can so report,
and then the House can take what action shall
be deemed best.
Mr. LOGAN. I will make this suggestion
to the House. If we continue I see that we
will get into a worse difficulty than we are now
in. If the House are willing the committee
can be allowed to take its own course and then
report its action to the House. When that is
done the House can take what proceedings may
be deemed best. If that be satisfactory to the
Honse the committee can go on as it has been
doiug. When the committee report to the
House the House can then decide as to the law-
fulness of the action proposed. I am willing
to agree to what will be satisfactory to the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
the question is on the amendment I offered.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
the propriety of saying to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] who sent a resolution
to the Speaker's table, that the subject-matter
of that resolution is now before that commit-
tee, and will be reported on by them at the
proper time.
Mr. LOGAN. That is so.
Mr. MORGAN. Allow me to say one word
further in this connection, as a member of the
committee, in addition to the remarks of the
chairman of the committee, that I feel we should
receive the instructions of the House on the
question referred to by the gentleman from
Illinois when he took the floor this morning,
and that is, whether our investigations shall
continue and extend our action to members of
past Congresses. I have no hesitation in say-
ing for my part I think it wrong. I did not
intend to express an opinion on the subject,
preferring to receive the judgment of the House
rather than to express my own opinion ; but I
do not think we have jurisdiction over cases
which occurred in past Congresses unless the
person implicated is a member of this Con-
gress.
Mr. BOYD. In order to put the Honse in
possession of the whole subject I ask leave to
submit the following resolution: j
Resolved, That the Military Committee continue
the investigation of the sale of cadetships, and to !
investigate any and all cases in their opinion proper
and necessary, without regard to time, and report by
resolution or otherwise.
That gives the whole matter in charge of the
committee to take such action as they deem
proper.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] yield for this resolution?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield. We already
have that power.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me to snbmit a resolution ?
Mr. LOGAN. Everybody seems to want to
introduce a resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will thegen-
tleman allow me to indicate what I want to
move ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The business in regular
order is the pending resolution moved by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague [Mr.
Logan] authorizes me to move to lay the res-
olution on the table. I make that motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question onagreeingto the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 79.
So the House refused to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by
striking out the following words in the last
line ot the resolution: "or by any person
who holds any office under the Government
of the United States."
Mr. WOOD. I hope that will not be struck
out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no
objection to inserting the word " executive"
before the word " office."
Mr. W OOD. Let us have the whole story,
including members of the Government as well
as members of Congress. I hope the last
words of the resolution will not be struck out.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] yield to allow his col-
league to move this amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to move
an amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing contained in this resolu-
tion shall be construed to prevent the_said.commit-
tee continuing and completing all investigations
already commenced.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to hear read
the original resolution on which the committee
have been acting in conducting these investi-
gations. It appears to me that we would sooner
come to an understanding if we had that read.
The SPEAKER. It will be sent for.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand that the
resolution if adopted in its present shape, with
the addition of the proviso just offered, would
authorize the committee to investigate charges
against some gentlemen who have been_ mem-
bers of former Congresses, but not of this, and
not against others in the same position. I con-
sider that is not fair. It is not right. If we
are to investigate charges against any gentle-
men who are not members of this Congress
we ought to leave the committee untrammeled
to investigate all the cases that may be pre-
sented. 1 doubt whether the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
would not have the effect of making the House
give that wrong decision, so that the committee
should investigate the cases of a few whose
names have been before the committee and of
no one else. But certainly with the proposed
proviso it could bear no other construction
than that. I hope the House will either author-
ize the committee to investigate charges against
all who are not members of this House or else
exclude the cases of all who are not members
of this House. Let the rule be universal one
way or the other. 1 am willing it should be
either way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we shall not
extend this investigation into the conduct of
gentlemen who were members of former Con-
gresses and not of this. It.is enough for us to
investigate the conduct of our own colleagues
and of ourselves. I can see no possible good
to result from such an investigation, and I hope
it will not be authorized by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has sent for
the resolution which originally charged the
committee with this investigation, and the
reading of which has been demanded by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
It will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas in the New York Times of date Feb-
ruary 2,1870, the following advertisement appears:
Untied States Naval Academy.—Vacantcadetsbip
to be filled before June. Parties of means address
"Congressman," box No. 142, Times office. Also,
West Point vacancy.'
"Therefore,
"Be it resolved. That the Committee on Military
Affairs be authorized to inquire as to whether any
member of or Delegate in this House has ever sold
or offered for sale hisinfluenceasamemberinsecur-
ing appointments to either the Military or the Naval
Academy, and whether any member ever received
H or expressed a willingness to receive any valuable
consideration for using his influence in connection
with such appointment: and that the committee be
empowered to send for persons and papers."
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to yield to me for a moment
for a suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will for a
suggestion.
Mr. JUDD. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the difficulties in which
we seem to be involved would be obviated if
he would so amend his resolution as to make
it refer to the resolution adopted on the 4th of
February, and then get entirely rid of any ex-
pression which would widen the action of the
committee. This can be done by simply refer-
ring in the beginning of the resolution to the
date of the resolution by which the House con-
ferred jurisdiction.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will be noticed
that the resolution as it noj* stand# reads'' that
in the further execution of the order of the
House"—and that includes everything that the
House has sent to the committee—they shall
do so and so. ;■
Mr. JUDD. If the gentleman will allow me,
I desire to make a further suggestion to him.
The use of the term " further execution of the
orders of the House" creates confusion. If he
will use the words " further execution of the
order of the House made on the 4th of Febru-
ary" he will avoid all difficulty connected with
repealing the resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to striking out the word "further," but
it does not seem to change it one way or the
other. There has been a certain order sent to
the committee and they are in process of exe-
cuting that order. They ask the House whether
any new instructions will now be given to them,
and it is proposed in this resolution to instruct
them by saying that in the further executiou of
the order they shall do so and so.
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to explain. My
