3508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
to me,
vides :
and I move to strike it out. It pro-
That all laws and parts of laws in conflict with thB
provisions of this act be, and tho same arc hereby,
dcclaredinapplicable to tho lands hereinabove relin-
quished and granted.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think it bad better stand.
Mr. COLE. Very well. I have no objec-
tion to letting it stand.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would like to inquire
of the Senator from California what necessity
there is for this second section of his amend-
ment ? • ;
Mr. CASSERLY. It is usual. ;
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree that it is
tin' usual amendment. I think it throws,doubt
011 the title to the. property, and implies that
there may be litigation about the title to this
property, without any necessity whatever. The
claims that have.originated in California under
the Spanish and Mexican Governments are
terminated by a statute of limitations, and can-
not and ought not to be revived in any shape
or form unless by some special enactment of
Congress; and whether this intends to confer
011 persons who may have claims the right to
litigate op not, is a question. It seems to pro-
vide—
That nothing in this act contained shall interfere
with orprejudioe any valid adverse right or claim,
if such exist, to said land,or any part thereof, whether
derived from Spain, Mexioo. or tho United States, or
preclude on examination and adjustment thereof by
the courts.
Mr. STEWART. I think when we passed
the act confirming the title to San Francisco we
confined that exception to those cases which
were then pending. There are two acts, the
act of 1864 and the act of 180(3, The act of
1804 is in the language of this; brtt subsequently j
when we confirmed the title of the city in 18GB,
we only allowed those suits to continue that
Wef6 then pending in the courts. I think this
is wider than the last act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think the United
States Goveriimerit has ever passed a bill of this
kind, vesting title to its lands in private individ-
uals, where that title had not been acquired dis-
tinctly under its own laws, without a proviso Of
this kind. The Senator from Nevada is mis-
taken in his supposition that the proviso to the
act of 1866 was different from this second sec-
tion. This second section is word for word the
proviso of the act of 1866, and my impression
is that it is word for word the proviso in the act
of 1864, also passed by Congress.
To the Senator from Oregon I desire to say
that there may be outstanding; rights, as of mar-
ried women and minor children, which are not
barred by the statute of limitations. I do not
know that any such rights exist, nor do I believe
that any such exist; but I do notthink it would
be a proper thins for the Congress of the United
States, in granting lands out and out by statute
to private individuals, to bar the rights of other
persons who may have acquired a valid adverse
claim. That is all this section does, and I think
it would not be proper to do any less. I cannot
see how that casts any cloud on the title which
we grant, because the Senator from Oregon will
not contend that Congress means by this bill or
any other to grant a title to parties as against a
better outstanding adverse title, thus destroy-
ing vested rights.
The only object of this section is one I think
that will commend itself to the judgment of
every lawyer especially, and of.every reflecting
man in the Senate, and I think must commend
itself to the judgment of my friend from Ore-
gon on both these grounds, as a very appropri-
ate proviso in any such bill as this.
Mr. STEWART. I will state to the Sen-
ator from California that I am not mistaken in
my impression of the act. It is true he has
adopted the words of the proviso to the act of
1866, but that act was one confirming a decree
which had reservations in it. The original
decree reserved all suits then pending. The
time for instituting new suits having passed,
they reserved the suits then pending, so that
the act conformed to the wdrds of that decree.
Taking the whole act together, it would not
reopen cases which had not been commenced
before the decree was entered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not argue with
the Senator from Nevada as to his inferences
from an act, because I should not agrtee with
him as to his inferences; but I will send up
the proviso of that act to thfe Clerk's desk, and
ask that it be read.
Mr. STEWART. The proviso is in exactly
the same language 
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not Wish td be ihter-
rupted. I should like to get through if the
Senator pleases. I send to the desk the statute
of 1866, and ask that the proviso to that act
at the end of it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Prolfidadi howvoer. That the relinquishment and
grant by this act shall not interfere with or prejudice
any valid adverse right or claim, if such exist, to
Baid land or any part thereof, whether derived from
Spain, Mexico, or the United States, or precludo a
judicial examination and adjustment thereof."
Mr. CASSERLY. Now I ask the Secretary
to read the second section of my amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
SBC. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall interfero with or prejudice
any valid adverse right or claim, if such exist, to said
land or any part thereof, whether derived from
Spain, Mcxico, or the United States, or precludo an
examination and adjustment thereof by tho courts.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say still
that I am literally correct in what I stated as
the legal effect of that law. The Senator has
got the exact words of the proviso, but not the
meaning of the act taken altogether. That act
provided—
" That all. tho right and title of the United States
to the land situated within tho corporate limits of the
olty of San Francisco, in the State of California, con-
firmed to the city of San Francisco by the decree of
the circuit court of tho United States, for the north-
ern district of California, entered on the 18th day of
May, 1865, bo, and tho same are hereby, relinquished
and granted," &c.
What was confirmed by that deeree was con-
firmed by the act with that proviso. That
decree only reserved suits that were then pend-
ing. Others were barred by the statute of lim-
itations. Consequently this may have a differ-
ent construction, not being in connection with
the decree; it may open cases that the statute
of limitations has barred.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state what I
meant; I shall not argue the question. I
meant to say that the statute of limitations as
applicable to California has put an end to the
existence of all Spanish and Mexican claims
that have not been asserted in the courts, so
that now that Hmoirnts to a statute of repose
for the State of California, and I shall oppose
any act that looks like reviving or recognizing
any such claims by general legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the substitute as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
. Mr. CASSERLY. The striking out of the
first subdivision of my amendment renders it
necessary to provide for the confirmation to
the city of San Francisco of such lots and parts
of lots as wete reserved under the Van Ness
ordinance of 1858 for public purposes. There-
fore, with the consent of the Senator from
Missouri, Task leave to have this added at the
end of the second section as amended by my
colleague.
The lots of land heretofore reserved and set apart
for public purposes in the said military reservation
by said city under the ordinance known as the Van
Ness ordinance, and certain other ordinances con-
firmatory thereof, are hereby granted and confirmed
to said oity-
Mr. COLE. I suggest to my colleague that
I did not offer any amendment to the second
section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood my col-
league offered one which was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
was suggested by the Senator from California, 1
[Mr. Cole,] but not proposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I do not offer any
\ amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
! on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
j The amendment was concurred in.
; The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
I Mr. CORBETT. Is there anything in the
bill that confirms to the city of San Francisco
any portion of the military reservation except
what is specifically relinquished by the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. No.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought the last amend-
ment of the Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] might be so construed if it was
adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not press that.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate now to
take up the bill (S. No. 469) relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. STEWART. I will state that I cannot
yield longer than till one o'clock. At one
o'clock I will insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock
the bill in regard to the fifteenth amendment
will come up as unfinished business. The Sen-
ator from Michjgan now asks unanimous con-
sent that the Senate procced to the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 469) relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is obvious that that
bill will lead to along discussion, and I should
like to have the Senate take up a little bill
about pensions that was reported by the Pen-
sion Committee the other day and was passed
over in my absence, when we were going through
the Calendar of business not objected to.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
allow the bill to which I have called attention
to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, and there appears to be objec-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. There is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska objects.
Mr. HOWARD. I give notice that I shall
move for the consideration of the bill the mo-
ment the regular order of the day is disposed of.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent,
as that seems to be the fashion, though I do
not like that way of doing business, to take up
a bill reported by the Committee on Pensions
construing certain acts of Congress in relation
to pensions. The substance of it is to restore
to certain pensioners the benefits of special
grants that have been previously made to
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (3. R-
No. 1467) to construe certain acts therein
j cited in relation to pensions. Is there objec-
j tion ? The Chair hears no objection, and the
| bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
j the Whole.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment
, proposed by the committee was in line eight,
after the word "as," to strike out the words
" either increasing or reducing" and to insert
" to increase;" after " amount," in line eight,
to strike out "authorized" and insertdi-
rected ;" after the word " pension," in line ten,
to insert " nor shall said acts be construed so
as to reduce tho sameand to add at the end
of the section the words " in excess of the rate
fixed by general law for the rank in respect to
: which such special pensions may have been or
