308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
attention to this subject, and ask them to regard"
it in its true' light, as a question affecting the
interests of the whole country.
The Senate is a body -whose members in num-
ber is fixed by .the Constitution, each' State
being entitled to two, Whether the State be
large or small. They are not in the fullest
sense the representatives of the people. The'
Legislatures of their States are placed between
them and their people at home. Coming, too,
as I say, from the large States and small ones,
two by two, they are not distributed equally
among the people.
Again, referring to New England—and t do
not do it with any disposition to manifest any
opposition to those States, but because I can,
more easily illustrate the condition of inequal-
ity that exists both here and in the Senate, by'
referring to them in .comparison—the six New
England States have a population of a little
more than three millions. The State of New
York has a population of nearly four millions,
if not quite; yet New England, with less popu-
lation than New York, has a representative
force in the Senate of twelve Senators, while
New York has but two. So I might refer to
the States of Illinois and Nevada; the one with
two millions and a half of people and the other
with sixty or seventy thousand, and each of
them with two Senators.
I am not disposed to offer-any-remedy for
this glaring inequality which exists in repre-
sentation in the Senate, because nothing short
of changing the fundamental law or by some
means equalizing the size of the States can
remedy the present condition. But, sir, in my
judgment something will be done before many
years in relation to senatorial representation.
The theory has seemed to prevail that the
Government was formed partly federal and
partly_ national; that the House of Repre-
sentatives should represent the people, and the
Senate the States. But, sir, the Government
was made forthepeople; the Constitution was
made by the people and for the people. " We,
the people of the United States," is the open-
ing language of the Constitution itself.
Mr. Chairman, I could cite the declarations
of eminent statesmen of the early history of
the country in opposition to the present organ-
ization of the Senate. Mr. Madison cogently
gave several reasons why he was opposed to
giving two Senators to each Slate:
"1. Tho minority Could negative a majority of tho
people.
" a' ,?hoy could extort measures by making thern
a condition of their aiscsnt to other measures. They
oonltl obtrurlo measures on tho majority by virtuo of
tho peculiar powers which would bo vested in tho
oonato, xho evil, instead of being curod by time
would increase with every new &tate that should be
admitted, as they must all be admittod on tho prin-
ciple of equality.
But, Mr. Chairman,Ionly intended tointimate
my opinion that the representative principle
as applied to the Senate was in my judgment
wrong, and that sooner or later it would be
changed by the people of this country.
Mr. Chairman, this whole question of rep-
resentation is yet unsettled. It is a broad ques-
tion and rests in the future for its full devel-
opment. A perfect system of representation
is yet to be _ attained. A system should be
devised by which all the people, minorities and
majorities, may be represented ; and, sir, I am
inclined to the opinion that it will not be long
when every class> of people, whether in the
majority or minority, will have a voice in the
legislatures of the country;
But, sir, I have talked longerthan I expected
to ao when I began. This nation is becoming
a mighty continent, and m the language of the
eioquentgentlemanfrom Nevada, "itstretches
through three zones and is washed bv three
oceans; its interests are varied and it be-
comes therefore the more important that its
representation should be equal.
^-^-SHBURN, of Wisconsin, resumed
the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to yield the floor to me for a few
moments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If I could
only know how long the gentleman's " mo;
ment's" would be I might consentto accom-
modate him.
Mr. DAWES. I have no. prepared speech,
Mr. Chairman, but.I would like to submit a
thought or two suggested by the remarks which
have just fallen from the gentlenjan from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cullom.] If my suggestions are
worth anything—I do not pretend that they
are—their value depends upon their connection
with the remarks which have just been made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
yield to the gentleman for ten minutes, pro-
vided it does not come out of my time.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the sugges-
tions which I propose to make have reference
to what the gentleman fr.om Illinois [Mr. Cul-
lom] has said with regard to a contemplated
change of the Constitution of the United States
in respect to the equal representation in the
Senate. While the gentleman has said much
with which I agcee, I hear with some apprehen-
sion and some alarm that he not only approves
but contemplates an attempt upon the part of
those who may have the power, or may not, to
break up the original Constitution of this Gov-
ernment—a Government which, according to
its.original contemplation, was to be.composed
of the States and of the people of the whole
nation. As I understand the nature of this
Government I do not conceive it to be entirely
a Government of the whole people as a mass.
I understand it to be an attempt to bring under
one Government the States and the people, the
people being represented in this branch of
Congress and the States in the other. All that
the gentleman has said in reference to the con-
stitution of this branch meets with my hearty
concurrence. But, sir, if I know anything
about the history of this nation it would have
had no existence if the sentiments wljigh the
gentleman has advocated in reference to the
constitution of theSenate had prevailed in 1787.
It is a matter of history that of nothing were
the States so jealous as of their State existence,
and that they came into that Convention which
adopted finally this admirable system of gov-
ernment upon the pledge not only that their
State existence should be recognized, and their
equality in the Senate of the United States, but
that they should be protected against any such
demand as should be suggested hereafter from
any ambitious State or ambitious section of the
country, such as is represented by my esteeme'd
friend at my left, [Mr. Cullom ;] and they not
only provided for the equality of the States
in the other branch, but every State stipulated
that this should never be changed without the
consent of each of the States. -And I submit
to my friend from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] for
his serious consideration when he speaks of an
amendment of the Constitution that shall oblit-
erate that feature of our Government by which
the States are recognized in their State capacity
in the other branch, while to the people as a
mass is accorded representation in this branch,
this section of the Constitution :
Provided, That no amendment which may be made
prior to the year 1808 shall in any manner affect the
jirst and fourth clauses m the ninth section of the
iirst article; a,nd that no State, without its consent,
shall be depnrod of its equal suffragem theSenate,"
There is_a solemn stipulation, in the form of
a constitutional provision, entered into by the
States, entered into deliberately, and the his-
tory of the formation of the Constitution dis-
closes that upon this point it was that the whole
success or failure ot that Convention hinged
whether the States should be preserved in their
corporate and State capacity beyond the per-
adveuture of being interfered with by any grasp-
ing power that^ should hereafter develop itself,
or by any sections in combination under any
power reserved or provided for in the Consti-
tufcion of the United States for its amendment
hereafter; and the amendment suggested by
my friend from Illinois is a breach of the
plighted faith of every State that has come into
this Union under this Constitution.
As Regards Mr. Madison, who, it is true, aa
stated By the gentleman from Illinois, strenu-
ously opposed this provision in the Constitu-
tion, I ask the gentleman to read the sixty-sec-;
ond number of the Federalist, written afterward
by Mr. Madison, in which he commended this
very provision. This discloses that after fur-
ther reflection on the guarantee for the balance
of powe'rs provided in this Constitution, he
porqmended that very feature in it, and urged
its acceptance upon the people of the United
States.' In subsequent papers he bears testi-
mony, and every man who has written on the
Constitution since bears testimony to the fact
that without that provision which I have read
there never would have been a Constitution of
the United States, or a nation composed as
this nation is of States and people represented
in the two branches, realizing that beautiful
figure of speech—
*' Distinct as the billows,
Yet one as the sea."
After the war which we have wagedin the past
to put down the heresy of State sovereignty let
us not, I beseech you, Mr. Chairman, permit
that epoch to mark the decay of State rights
also. Let us preserve with religious care every
right of the States, first and foremost among
which is their equality of representation in the
Senate. Then shall we be strong in our faith
and our character as well as our growth, and
so alone shall we live.
Here the committee rose informally, and Mr.
Peteks took the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that it had agreed
to the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives extending the reeess of Congress to the
10th day of January next.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, addressed
the committee in a speech which will appear
in the Appendix.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Moore, of Illinois, having .taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its
clerks, notifying the House that that body had
passed bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
mg titles, without amendment:
An aefc (H. R. No. 679) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvementofthe Des Moines rapids
in the Mississippi river;
_An act (H. R. No. 695) making appropri-
ations partially to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870; and
A. joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
to the memory of George Peabody, deceased.
FINANCIAL QUESTIONS OP THE DAT.
The committee resumed its session, Mr.
.Poland m the chair,
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Chairman, the questions
pertaining to our public debt and its perma-
nent adjustment, to our national banks and
currency, to specie payments, and to the revis-
ion oi the tariff and internal revenue, engross
the public attention to a greater degree at this
time than at any previous period in our history,
in consequence of the recent rebellion our peo-
ple have everywhere been subjected to heavy
pecuniary burdens, not only in the shape of
voluntary contributions for various humane
and patriotic purposes, but also in the pay-
ment of high taxes, local and general in their
character. These burdens have thus far been
borne cheerfully by our people, and would
