5396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
in the land, under the pretenge of giving her a
pension as the widow of a soldier, as the widow
of the Commander-in-Chief of the armies of
the United States, (to whom the pension laws
were never intended to apply,) which he never
was practically—never performing service in
the field. Therefore it is, as I stated before,
a sneaking fraud upon the pension policy of
the country.
If it be thought desirable to give Mrs. Lin-
coln an additional manifestation of the grati-
tude of the country by a pecuniary donation,
then the honorable, generous, liberal, mag-
nanimous way in which to do that would have
been to bring in a bill here independently, and
presentit to the Senate for the grantingof such
a donation, and not come in under the pension
laws to do this thing, which if it is said to be
a right thing, a proper thing, a generous thing,
a liberal thing, is sought to be done in a mean
and paltry way.
This proposition comes to the Committee on
Pensions, where the widows of soldiers come,
where the widows of the highest officers in the
Army of the United States who have been
killed on the field of battle come. They come
in their destitution, their want, and their suf-
fering, with large families of children on their
hands, and they ask the Committee on Pen-
sions to consider their case and to grant them
a pension. The pension laws of the United
States restrict these pensions, as a general rule,
at the highest to thirty dollars a month, and in
only half ft dozen cases or so has that limit been
exceeded and the sum of fifty dollars a month
allowed. Then, turning aside all these worthy
and deserving cases, or putting them off, at the
very highest, at fifty dollars per month, when
they have families on their hands to support,
when they cannot provide them out of their
pittance with food and clothing and schooling,
the Pension Committee is called upon to give
the widow of a civil ollicer a pension at the rate
of $3,000 a year ; a lady who has already over
fifty thousand dollars in her own right; a lady
who has no children dependent upon her, but
whose children have already been provided
with ample means, ample competence, with
fortunes almost, as compared with the great
majority of the weil to-do people even of the
United States.
Is this a right thing to do? Hereafter when
the widows of distinguished officers who have
fallen on the battle-field come to the Pension
Committee what can they answer? "You gave
Mrs. Lincoln .$3,000 a year. How can yon
say, then, that you will not give to the widow
of a general officer who fell on the battle-field,
a widow who has a large family of destitute
children and is unable to support them, more
than thirty dollars a month or more than fifty
dollars a month? How can you say that you
will not give her something in proportion to
what you have given to the widow of the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, who needed
no such pension for her support or the support
of her family?"
Then when we say in the Pension Committee
that we did not do that, that the Senate did it
in spite of our protestation, what will these
applicants for pensions say to us? " You stand
in our way and fight us and keep us out of
what the Senate of the United States would
give us if we were allowed to go over the heads
of the Pension Committee and appeal to the
Senate and to the Congress of the United
States in spite of the Pension Committee."
How will the Pension Committee stand in the
view of pensioners and those seeking pensions
with this kind of decision against them? What
shall we do? How can we meet the demands
of such widows? How can we meet the pitiful
faces of the widows of private soldiers who can
receive but ninety-six dollars a year, whose
husbands have fallen upon the bloody field of
battle, who have left their children destitute,
m needy circumstances, and who ask the grati-
tude of a great and powerful and wealthy coun-
try, somethiiigin aid of the support of their des-
titution, the destitution of these poor widows,
and the destitution of their suffering families?
What reply can we make in such a case as
this, after having given to the rich widow of
the Chief Magistrate of the United States the
pension of $3,000 a year?
It is a shameful outrage, a shameful fraud
upon the pension policy and the pension laws of
the United States. If this is to be done, do not
come in this kind of sinister, sneaking, improper
way before the Congress of the United States;
come boldly, and fairly, and squarely; come
asking for the widow of the Chief Magistrate
of the United States a donation outside of the
pension policy, outside of the pension laws.
This is no proper course to pursue. Anybody
can see thatit is utterly improper. So faras it
might, have been aside from the pension policy,
aside from the Committee on Pensions, it would
be a simple matter of general consideration, a
simple matter to decide whether, after having
given the widow of a Chief Magistrate $'24,000
over and above the allowance by law, we should
extend that by giving her fifty or one hundred
thousand dollars more. That would have been
the simple question ; but the question, as it is
presented, is such a one as will excite discon-
tent and dissatisfaction, and will bring the
Government of the country under obloquy and
contempt; that ithasthus, in the face of the de-
mands and the needs of the widows of soldiers
who have fallen upon the field of battle, of the
widows of high officers whose lives have been
sacrificed for the defense of the flag of their
country, treated them under the pension policy
and the pension laws of the country in such a
matiner as seems to cast contempt upon them,
in comparison with the treatment which is be-
stowed upon the widow of the Chief Magistrate.
For these reasons, and for similar reasons
running through all the course and conduct of
the pension policy of the country, which will
affect the pension policy and affect the action
of the Pension Committee and their labors and
their troubles in connection with those claim-
ing pensions in all time to come, I protest
against the enactment of the bill now before
us into a law of the country.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President 
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me? I wish to move to strike
out of the bill before the Senate all after the
enacting clause and ins>ert 
Mr. KELLOGG. Is that in order?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair understands that this
may be considered in order; but the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Vermont
takes precedence, and must first be acted on.
Mr. SPENCER. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-
posed amendment will be read for the inform-
ation of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment of Mr. Spencer, which was to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Mary Lin-
coln, widow of the lato Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, during her widowhood, an
annuity of 63,00U, to be paid to her quarterly.
Mr. McCREERY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts yesterday made a very strenuous
objection to taking up a bill which I have intro-
duced, on the ground that tho chairman of the
committee was absent at the time. He him-
self to-day finds no impropriety in urging the
passage of a measure of vast importance, not
only in the absence but during the sickness
of the chairman of the committee, whom we
expected to stand up 
Mr. SUMNER. There was an understand-
ing between the chairman and myself that I
should get up this bill when I could.
Mr. McCREERY. As I am opposed to the
proposition of the Senator from Alabama, and
of the Senator from Vermont., and to the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts, I wish to
make a few remarks.
Like the Senator who has just spoken, I am
a member of the Committee on Pensions, and,
concurring fully in their conclusions, it is not
improper that I should occupy the time of the
Senate while I submit a few observations. In
fact, it is almost incumbent upon me from
another consideration. When anything of a
personal character is introduced, Senators who
represent the birthplace of the individual seem
to regard it as their peculiar province to take
part in the proceedings ; and according to the
usages of the Senate silence on such occasions
would amount almost to a positive reproach.
Be it remembered, then, that Abraham Lin-
coln, as well as his widowed wife, was a native
of the State of Kentucky. She was born in
what is called the Blue Grass region, a term
which has been applied to a cluster of counties
surrounding Fayette, while he first saw the
light in a section which lies due south of a
notable stream called Salt river, and in a
county the northern border of which is washed
by its waters.
The Blue Grass region is occupied by a trad-
ing, trafficking, thrifty population, industrious
as bees in accumulation and wary and wise on
all questions touching market value. Perhaps
there is not upon God's footstool a more beau-
tiful spot, and perhaps not a community of
more intelligence and genuine hospitality. It
was the home of Clay and of Barry, of Men-
ifee and of Marshall, names which will he re-
membered and cherished by its people as long
as genius and patriotism have an admirer or a
friend among them. On Salt river the soil is
less fertile, the face of the country is uneven
and rocky, and the people, being less incum-
bered with worldly goods, are more inclined
to take their ease and more giveu to political
speculation. With them politics is a trade,
and the candidate who illustrates his positions
by the choicest and freshest anecdotes is apt
to succeed. They are warriors, too, and en-
listed freely and voluntarily under each flag
during the late rebellion ; and in that rebellion,
and before that rebellion, on the battle-field,
and in the first fight, their indomitable courage
has won for them a name which descends from
father to son, that of the Salt River Tigers.
It would appear from these preliminary ob-
servations that I have a double claim to the
attention of the Senate. Upon what ground,
then, do you base the merit of this proposition ?
It will not be pretended that there is any con-
stitutional provision which authorizes it; and
it is neither a pension nor a charity. The
pension law was intended for the benefit of
those who had been injured in the military
service; or, in case of death, for their wives
and children, provided always the applicant is
in needy circumstances. Mr. Lincoln did not
meet his fate in the military service, but was
assassinated at a theater in this city. Besides,
the highest pension known to our laws varies
from thirty to fifty dollars per month. It is
therefore apparent that this measure has not
the remotest analogy to a pension.
Among the monarchies Of Europe the
crowned heads exercise the privilege of settling
annuities, pensions, or stipends upon thefall-
ing and sinking scions of nobility or of roy-
alty. It is a prerogative of the Crown, and the
revenues of the Crown enable it to make these
settlements; but in this country there never has
been such a principle recognized, and I hope
and trust there never will be. It is against the
genius and spirit of our free institutions, and
it becomes every Senator, in my judgment, to
place the seal of condemnation upon this
proposition.
Mr. Lincoln did not leave his family depend-
ent upon the charities of the Government or
the people. He was a frugal man, and made
ample provision for their maintenance and sup-
port. It is a reflection upon his memory to
intimate that within five short years from his
death the earnings of a life-time have been
exhausted. But it is wholly untrue that the
situation of his family demandsthis or any other
provision on the part of the Government.
