186&
the congressional globe.
809
fQnjinue to be so borne if the necessity ex-
isted to demand it. But the necessity paving
in a great measure ceased, they are now en-
titled to all the relief which, can be afforded.
^Vhiie Congress can by prudent legislation do
Very much "toward lessening the taxes of the
people, much more remains to be done in this
direction by the local authorities of each State
and county,-
Let Congress do" its <luty in alleviating the
public burdens so far as in our power, and
thereby set an example to the local authorities
of the country who are clothed with the collec-
tion and disbursements of a very large portion
of the money of (U)e people. In all onr legis-
lation, whether national, State, op municipal,
the legislator should ever remember that labor
is the true basis of individual and national
wealth; and that whatever burdens are laid or
whatever taxes are exacted they must inevit-
ably fall to a greater or less extent upon the
labor o.f the country. Let our taxes be there-
fo're.so adjusted by wise and prudent legisla-
tion'that. the burden will fall as lightly as may
be upon the laboring 'man, and that the wealth
of the country does not receive undue exemp-
tions. To the laboring man in every commu-
nity weaxe indebted for whatever of substantial
progress is made, for every degree of prosper-
ity which the nation enjoys. He who delves
in the mines and extracts therefrom the metals
which ingenuity and skill fashion into forms of
usefulness or ornament; he who spends his
hours in the work-shop or turns up the soil to
produce for his fellow-man the staff of life—
these are the men preeminently entitled to legis-
lative protection.- The vast majority of our
people are workingmen who earn not only
their daily bread, but the daily bread of all our
people by the sweat of their face; and hence,
upon the sound principle that "governments
are instituted among men to secure the great-
est good to the greatest number," we should
so shape our action here as to give to labor
that degree of protection which its importance
requires; that those who produce the wealth
of.the natiou should feel as little as possible
the public burdens of the nation.
ODE KATIOKAL DEBT.
We are all aware that the recent struggle for
national existence has created an immense
national debt. Great as were the sacrifices of
blood and treasure demanded to save the nation,
the American people in the contingency in
which they were placed could not hesitate a
moment as to their duty. The result was a
national indebtedness of almost unprecedented
proportions, and while a single dollar of that
indebtedness remains unpaid let us remember
and hold in utter abhorrence the acts of the
men who created the necessity for it and those
who aided and sympathized with them in their
attack upon the national life.
But enormous as is our national indebtedness,
we have the ability to pay it. If any one here-
tofore from whatever cause entertained doubts
as to our ability so to do the events of the last
six months have furnished abundant evidence
to remove those doubts. The laws of Congress
providing for a retrenchment in the expendi-
tures of the Government and the enforcement
ofamore rigid economyin the various branches
of the public service are being faithfully carried
into effect by the executive department, and
the result is already apparent in the increase
of revenue even under a system of reduced tax-
ation, while the honest application of this rev-
enue to its legitimate purpose is daily dimin-
ishing the amount of our national indebtedness.
Of the willingness of the American people to
pay this debt there remains, also, no doubt. If
our people are distinguished for one trait of
character above another it is for their desire at
all times and under all circumstances, whether
m a national or in an individual capacity, to
Meet their honest obligations; and it is this
trait of character which has brought them to
the contemplation of our national indebted-
euness, and without being appalled at its mag-
nitude they have issued a fiat in unmistakable
terms that the debt shall be paid.
_Mr. MUNGEN". I ask the gentleman to
yield for a question.
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. MUNGEN. I understand the gentleman
to say that the American people are distin-
guished for paying their honest debts. I should
like to know why, then, this Congress does not
pay our honest debts while they stick up for
the payment of dishonest claims ? Why do
they not provide for the payment of property
taken during the war for public uses ?
Mr. ORTH. If the gentleman will go with
the majority of this Congress in passing such
financial measures as they may deem just he
will find us ready at all times to pay all our
honest debts and prevent the repudiation of
any portion.
Mr. MUNGEN. Tfrere is no proof of that
in the payment of only $478,000 out of
. $4,000,000.
Mr. ORTH. The repudiator finds no coun-
tenance or support in any locality of our vast
extended Union,_ and however specious the
pretexts or reasoning by which he would under-
mine the public faith, the honest impulses of
our people detect his motive, and so far from
being affected by the poison which he would
infuse into the national mind, they shun and
abhor him as an enemy of the country who
would bring dishonor upon our good name.
_ In approaching the adjustment of our na-
tional debt the first step to be taken is to
enforce a still more rigid economy in all the
branches of the public service; to dispense
with all useless offices; to secure a strict ac-
countability of those who are intrusted with
official position; to see that not a dollar of the
public revenue is stolen or diverted from its
legitimate purpose. While our people will-
ingly meet the taxes required at their hands
they are not willing that this portion of their
hard-earned labor shall go into the hands of
■dishonest men or be frittered away by corrupt
or extravagant legislation. This step the
i people demand of us. They have a perfect
! right to make the demand, and unless there be
a full compliance with their wishes in this
respect they will enforce it by means which the
Constitution has placed in their hands. The
ballot-box is with them the ever ready and
almost ever-present remedy, and by means of
it they signify their approval of the conduct
of their faithful Representatives, or dismiss
from the public service those who disregard
their interests or wishes.
Congress has heretofore done much to cur-
tail the expenditures of the Government so
far as relates to the civil service, but there are
other fields which they are invited to enter,
and to which they can apply the same principles
of reduced expenditures. Take, for instance,
the Army, which now numbers not less than
thirty-five thousand, rank and file. It is well
known that we are at peace with all the world,
with no present probability of that peace being
disturbed; that in the few remaining States
recently in rebellion, and still undergoing the
process of reconstruction, no necessity seems
to exist for the presence of any considerable
number of troops; and that our recent Indian
troubles have measurably been so adjusted that I
comparatively but few troops are needed in <
that direction. In my judgment, therefore,
instead of a standing Army of thirty-five
thousand men, we can with perfect safety to
our affairs, both foreign and domestic, reduce
that number one half, or at least to twenty
thousand, thus saving to the people in this item
alone many millions of dollars.
In this connection, I am reminded by com-
petent authority that while our standing Army
numbers thirty-five thousand men, we have a
list of officers of every grade on our pay-rolls
sufficient for an army of seventy-five thousand
men, while the " staff officers" alone are equal
in number to the ordinary requirements of an
army of seven hundred and fitly thousand.
The same principle of reduction 'Can with
equal propriety be applied to our Navy. I have
not the time to enter into a detailed statement
of the expenses of these two Departments of
the Government, and the reduction which can
take place without any detriment to Jhe public
service, but it is apparent to every one that the
expenses of the Army aud the Navy,now that w e
are in a state of profound peace, are far, very
far, beyond what national safety or honor re-
quires, in view of our attitude of peace, and our
desire to cultivate and maintain peace, both
at home and abroad. We all know how dif-
ficult it is to effect legislation in the interest of
economy, how ungracious the task of abolishing
useless offices, and thus transfer, it may be,
some personal friend from an official position
to the private station. But in this matter the
public welfare should alone be consulted, and
there should be no hesitation in dispensing with
expenditures which are accompanied with no
resulting good to the people.
Every species of legislation haying a tendency
to increase our national obligations should be
avoided unless absolutely demanded by public
exigencies. In this category we include all
subsidies to railroads or other works of internal
improvement, whether in the shape of bonds
directly issued or in the more specious guise
of guarantying the payment of the interest on
bonds issued by those having charge of such
enterprises. Either mode has a direct tendency
to augment our liabilities, and to that extent
to increase the difficulty attending their adjust-
ment. Our debt is large enough, and nothing
short of a war in which we could not with
honor refuse to engage will justify our adding
to it a single dollar. Prior to the rebellion it
was frequently a vexed question what to do
with our " surplus revenue." Now we are called
upon to study and practice another phase of
political economy; and that is, to ascertain the
best mode of managing our resources and the
most judicious use of our means in the liquida-
tion of our liabilities.
Our public lands are to us an element of
strength and wealth, and should be carefully
husbanded both as a source of revenue and to
secure homes for the actual settler. All grants
of lands in aid of individual or corporate enter-
prises, however promising in their character,
should be avoided. Our legislation on this sub-
ject has been most lavish and reckless. Con-
gress has from time to time granted to corpo-
rations millions of acres of the public domain
m aid of improvements mainly of a character
which, if to be constructed at all, should be left
to private enterprise; and it is safe to assume
that all works of merit will be thus constructed
when needed by the communities immediately
and personally interested in. their construction.
lhe most disastrous effect, however, of this
legislation has been to place under the control
of a few men vast tracts of our soil, enabling
them to monopolize that which ought to have
been sacredly devoted to purposes of settle-
ment and cultivation, to enable the poor man
to procure a home for himself and family, and
thus adding to his usefulness and independence
as a member of society. In this respect the
nation is precisely like the individual who finds
himself pressed by heavy obligations. The duty
ot the latter to his creditor is to manage with
frugality all^is resources, to live economically,
to avoid all acts which tend to squander his
means, and generally to regulate his estate in
all respects with prudence and honesty. This
is equally the duty of the nation, and when it
thus acts it will add to_its wealth, and, what is
equally desirable, it will secure the faith and
confidence of the financial world.
lhe monthly statement of the Secretary of
the Ireasury shows that the amount of our
s2^whe ietuof
March' lSfiQ ^ apd ^ 8'nce the lst <if
„ 1?69' a reduction of the debt by iviy-
ment has been made to the amount ofSTV.H);; .
TbVVr rate of §201,000 each day. '
T,sasurer of the United States,
