1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4453
173) to enable tlie Secretary of the Treasury
to collect wrecked and abandoned property,
derelict claims, and dues belonging to the
United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 2005) exempting from
taxes certain property in the District of Colum-
bia, and to amend the act to provide for the
creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law;
An act (II. R. No. 1258) to regulate the
salaries of chief justices and associate justices
in the Territories:
An act (H. R. No. 785) to provide for fur-
nishing artificial limi to disabled soldiers;
An act (H. R. No. 38) to establish a police
court for theDistriet of Columbia, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 124) for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the band
of the twelfth Kentucky infantry.
HOUSE BILL ItEFEIlRED
The biil (II. R. No. 17C4) relating to the
effect of writs of error to the Supreme Court
of the United States was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
IIAFJUET I!. i'AllKKIi.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
lGOyt'ior the relief of Harriet E. Parker, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Tiiciiman, io recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
.Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the bill will not
be recommitted. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Viokehs] has an amendment that will be
entirely satisfactory to every member of the
bodv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland has an amendment pending, but the
motion of the Senator from Ohio to recommit
takes precedence of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from .Mary-
land desires to submit an amendment m place
of the one submitted last night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. U cannot be done
unless the Senator from Ohio withdraws the
motion to recommit.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
an amendment being offered, but I shall then
insist on the motion to recommit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
recommit is withdrawn, and the Senator from
Maryland modifies his amendment. It will be
reported as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
this bill I ask consent of the Senator from
Michigan, who has it in charge, to allow me
to appeal to the Senate to set down some day
that will be agreeable to the Senate—I do not
care when it is—to consider bills from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I wish to say to the
Senate that, there are on the Calendar about
twelve bills, I think, reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary of a public character, upon
which the committee have spent considerable
time, and which we think ought to pass. Some
of them are House bills. They relate to the
Supreme Court and to the courts throughout
the country ; to the removal of causes ; to writs
of error; and we tfcink they are provisions of
taw that ought to pass. They are of a general
character ; no Senator has any particular inter-
est in them ; bat we spend so much time in
getting up bills that I want the Senate to say
that the Committee on the Judiciary may have
some day that will be agreeable to the Senate
to consider these bills, and not have a contro-
versy about them every morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. Name the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will name next Mon-
day, if that is agreeable to the Senate ; or I
will take any other day that may suit the body
better.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course the Senator does
not expect to bring that business up in prefer-
ence to business previously set down as a special
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want some day set
that will not interfere with other business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not want the bill to
abolish franking displaced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be out of the
way by Monday, I think.
Mr. DRAKE. Will not that interfere with
the great reform of the Senator from Minne-
sota?
Mr. TRUMBULL.- Will the Senator from
Missouri propose any other day ?
Mr. DRAKE. I merely want to inquire
whether it will not interfere with the great
reform the Senator from Minnesota has in
charge.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the Senate at this time ought to make any more
special assignments. I have been informed by
the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that early next week
he desires to occupy the time of the Senate with
the tax bill. Now, the moment I can get the
attention of the Senate, I have two appropri-
ation bills already reported which 1 desire
extremely to pass before that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Maine'that my only object is to save
time, we have so much controversy about
getting up bills, and it is not to interfere with
the appropriation bills or anything else. I
thought if the Senate would consent to fix
some fjeriod for considering these hills it would
advance business. 1 have no interest in these
bills other than other Senators have; they are
admitted to be of a general character, and we
think they should be considered. 1 do not
want to enter into a struggle with the Senator
from Maine or the Senator from Ohio or any-
body else to get the floor here each morning.
If the Senate think proper to assign any day
for the consideration of these general bills, I
shall consider it to be my duty to try and have
them acted upon; but if the Senate are not
willing to do it, be it so.
Mr. MORKILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Illinois, the chairman of one of the most
important committees of the Senate, of course
can command the attention of the Senate, when-
ever anybody can, for the business of his com-
mittee. Now, I submit to him whether, at this
late period of the session, with almost all of
our appropriation bills unfinished—I believe
every one of them is unfinished ; not one has
yet received the signature of the President—
lie thinks it a prudent thing that wc should
begin to farm out the time of the Senate in this
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it would save
time. If the Senator from Maine objects to it,
I do not want to spend any time now about it.
I think it would save time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, as modified.
'The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further ennetcd, That twelve months
from tbo passage of this act are hereby allowed to
the said Harriet E. Parker, or the legal representa-
tives of William it. Parker, to perfect the proof be-
fore the State Department to the discovery ot the
islands mentioned in the first section of this act: and
when sueh proof shall be made to the satisfaction o!
the State Department, and upon the Department
being satisfied that at the time of the diseoveiy oi
occupation thereof the said islands wcrO( not in tne
possession or occupation of any other Government
or of the citizens of any other Governiuent, the said
widow and iopresentalives of the said William It.
Parker shall be entitled to the benefits of the_act ot
Congress passed on tho 18th day of August, 1835, en-
titled "An act to authorize protection to be given
to citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano," m the same manner and to the
same extent as tho said William II. Paiker would
have been entitled to had ho perfected his proof ac-
cording to the provisions of said act, and upon giving
tho bond as required thereby the said widow and
representatives, or their assigns, may remove guano
from the said islands, according to the requirements
and provisions of said aet of Congress: Provided,
That nothing in this aet shall be construed to pre-
judice the right or claim of any person claiming
an interest in the sakl guano under any contract
or agreement with the said William li. Parker,
deceased.
Mr. THURMAN. I renew the motion to
recommit the bill. Since this matter was under
discussion yesterday I have been informed of
some facts to which it is proper.to call the
attention of the Senate, although I do not
know that they are precisely as stated to me.
They come to me, however, from a very repu-
table source, and at least show the necessity of
investigation.
Now, let us see what are the facts of this case,
as alleged m the petition of this lady for whose
i-elief this bill is introduced. It is alleged that in
1852,eighteen years ago, Captain Parker discov-
ered these two small islands, on which there was
guano. It is not pretended that he then gave
any notice to the Government of his discovery.
It is true that at that time the guano act had
not been enacted ; it was not enacted until
1856; but nevertheless nothing is more com-
mon, nothing is more proper than for a citizen
of a Government discovering a waste and unoc-
cupied island to give his Government notice
of that, and there are very few men in the
world that do not know that that is their doty.
Generally they are very apt to do it, and to
claim some reward for the discovery. But sup-
posing that the absence of such a statute would
justify his silencc, what is the fact? The fact
is that in August. 1856, Congress passed this
act. Now, I understand that Captain Parker
did not die until 1858. I remember it is said
that in 1857 he either went out to these islands
again or he came to Washington, one or the
other. It was probably after 1858 that he died;
but take it at 1858, he had then two year
within which to comply with this act before ho
died. It is clear that he did not comply with the
act. Something is said about the war break-
ing out. The war did not break out until
1861, five years after the passage of this act.
If, therefore, he did not die until the war broke
out, he had five years.
Now, what does this statute require? The
statute provides, in its first section :
"That when any citizen or citizens of the United
States may have discovered, or shall hereafter dis-
cover, a deposit of guano on any island, rock, or kev
not within the lawiul jurisdiction of any other Gov-
ernment, and not occupied by the citizens of any
other Government, and shall take peaceable posses-
sion thereof, and occupy tho same, said island, rock,
or key may, at the discretion of tho President of tjio
United States, be considered as appertaining to the
United States: Provided, however, That notice lie
given by sueh discoverer or discoverers, as soon as
practicable, to the State Department ot the United
States oi such discovery, occupation, and possession,
verified by .affidavit, describing said island, rock, or
key, and tho latitude and longitude thereof, as near
as may be, and showing that sueh possession was
takon in the name of the United States, and that
satisfactory evidence bo furnished to tho State De-
partment that sueh island, rock, or key was not, at
the time of the discovery thereof, or of tho taking
possession and occupation thereof by the claimants,
in the possession or occupation of any other Gov-
ernment or of the citizens of any other Government."
That is to be done "as soonaspracticable"
after the discovery. This gentleman, ifhe died
in 1858, (and I think it was perhaps later than
that,) had at least two years after the taking
effect of this act iti which to do these things.
That was six years after he had made his dis-
covery. And yet this bill goes upon the ground
that he did not do them ; and now, eighteen
years after the discovery and fourteen years
after the passage of the act, we are to allow
those things to be done which the act expressly
required should be done as soon as practicable
after the discovery. What kind of legislation
i i3 this? , , „
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly. _ .
Mr. NYE. I wish to know what objection
the honorable Senator from Ohio has to some
American acquiring this island; or suppose it
