1870.
THE OONGRESSIpKTAL GLOBE.
3509
may hereafter be grantedso that if amended
the bill will read:
That neither the act of July 25,186(5, entitled " An
act increasing tho pensions of widows and orphans,
and for other purposes," nor the act of July 27,1S08,
entitled "An act relating to pensions," shall be so
construed as to increase tho amount directed to bo
naid in any special act of Congress granting a pen-
sion- nor shall said acts be construed so as to reduce
the same whenever such act fix definitely tho amount
of pension to which the person therein named shall
be entitled, in excess of tho rate fixed by general law
for the rank in respect to which such special pensions
may havo been or may hereafter bo granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER, There is no use of consid-
ering these amendments further. It is now
one o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will grant
me consent to explain the effect of the amend-
ment, I am sure he will not object to the
amendment. The amendment is simply to ;
provide against enabling people to whom we
extend favor by putting them on the pension- '
roll because their evidence is insufficient to
get a pension at all under the regulations of
the Pension Office, being kept at the particular
rate that may be named in the bill when every .
other pensioner, who stands on the same foot-
ing exactly, except that he had a clear case
and good proof, may be graded down as the ,
disability grows less. So I am sure that no
gentleman will object to this protection which
is 
The VICE PRESIDI3NT. The morning
hoar has expired, and the bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment is before the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. Let the pension bill be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill goes
over.
PRINTING OF A RESOLUTION.
Mr. PQMEROY. I introduced this morning
a resolution in regard to the order of business
hereafter, which I should like to have printed.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1890) to remove legal and political
disabilities from Isaac H. Christian, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing voteB of the two.
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incor-
porate the Washington Market Company.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 788) for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers, seamen  and
marines of the United States vessel of war
Oneida, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 850) for the relief of Captain
George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States. *
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
810) to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] to the
amendment of the Senator froin Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.]
Mr. FERRY.- Mr. President, I wish now to
modify my amendment, with the consent of
the Senate, so as to make it provide simply
for striking out the last clause of the second
section of Senate bill No. 114, instead of strik-
ing out the whole section. I have not the bill
before me, but I think the last clause renders
forever ineligible to office such as shall fall
within the penalties of this section. Am I
right ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
is correct. There having been no vote on the
amendment to the amendment, the Senator
from Connecticut modifies it by proposing to
strike out, at the close of the second section of
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
the following words:
And shall forever be disqualified to hold any office
of honor, trust, or profit, under thfc United States or
any State.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the amend-
ment as now modified, it will be observed, only
provides against the creation of any more polit-
ical disabilities than now exist. It leaves the
provision of the second section, which makes
the acceptance of an office by an ineligible per-
son a misdemeanor, and subjects him to the
penalty of fine and imprisonment, but it takes
away that part of the section which renders him
after conviction forever ineligible to office. I
offer this amendment because I desire not to
have upon the statute-book any more political
disabilities than exist there already. And I
desire in this connection, Mr. President, briefly
to make some remarks in reply to a single sug-
gestion thrown out by the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] yesterday in his speech in
reply to me. The single portion of the Sen-
ator's speech to which I call the attention of
the Senate is as follows:
" Sir, the, speech of the Senator from Connecticut
Will suit the rebels of the South remarkably well. It
wilt suit tho Domocraoy of the North remarkably
well. But, sir, the Union men of the South, who are
trembling for their, lives and their property, and who
know that notwithstanding the speeches that are
made in the Senate of the United States they have
but little security, that they are ostracized, sooially.
in trade, professionally, and every other way, will
not thank him for his speech."
Sic, I have heard those remarks from the
Senator from Indiana agaip and again in the
course of the debates in the Senate during the
present session of Gangress. Wherever any of
us have been so unfortunate as to disagree with
him in reference to the appropriate legislation
for the southern States in. their present condi-
tion we have been taunted with representing
rebels and Democrats, and that Senator has
assumed to himself the position of the champion
of Republicans and tJnion men. It is time,
siy, that this assumption; whether it proceed
from ignorance of feet op frpttj willful misrep-
resentation, should be put an end to i  this
Chamber. It it tittie that mere disagreement
between Republicans,holding the Bame cardinal
principles of government, attached to the same
great system of policy, should cease to be an
occasion for taunta of this kind, from the lips
of the Senator froralndiana.
What entitles him On every occasion like
this to assume to represent the Union party of
the North and the loyal men of the South?
What entitles him, addressing the Senate in
relation to matters on which difference? ef
opinion exist among ^Republicans', to represent
me as speaking for Democrats and for rebels?
My record is muchmqre obscure than his ; but
to those who know one and the other I am not
afraid to point to mine for fidelity to }he prin-
ciples of the Republican party, for fidelity to
the cause of the Union during the last four-
teen years, even in comparison with hig. And,
sir, to-day, this hour, in this debate, upon this
question of the removal of political disabilities,
f represent tjie Union men of the South; I.
speak the sentiment of the loyal men of that
region of the country; I speak the sentiment
of the acknowledged representatives of the
great Republican party of the North; and I
bring the matter to the record and the proof.
The last election which took place in the
southern States was in the State of Texa3.
Through the kindness of a friend, now an hon-
ored Representative from that State in the
other House of Congress, I received during
the whole of that canvass the daily publica-
tions of the Houston Union, the leading Re-
publican paper in that State, in which the
speeches of the Republican candidates for Con-
gress and the Republican candidates for State
offices were published week after week, and
all over Texas those candidates went to the
people proclaiming as the principle of tho
Republican party of Texas the removal of
political disabilities; and, sir, if they had not
done it General Davis would not be Governor
of Texas to-day, and your three Republican
Representatives in the other Chamber of Con-
gress would not be holding their seats there
now.
Come eastward from Texas. Louisiana, with
a Republican Legislature, largely composed of
colored men—whomthe Senator from Indiana
represents my principles as necessarily sacrific-
ing—the Legislature of Louisiana, among its
very first acts, by a unanimous resolution, ut-
tered its voice in favor of striking out of the
constitution of that State that clause thereof
which is in substance identical with the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, thus sweep-
ing away every political disability imposed by
the constitution of Louisiana.
Thus, sir, stands the Republican party of
Louisiana 
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him in regard to Louisiana ?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. The disabilities of the State
of Louisiana are entirely different from those
of the fourteenth amendment. I understood
him to say they were the same.
Mr. FERRY. Was there not a clause in
the constitution of Louisiana excluding from
office those who had served in the rebel army
during the war ?
Mr. HARRIS. Unless they made certain
voluntary statements.
Mr. FERRY. And did not the Legislature
of Louisiana pass a resolution in favor of
striking out from the constitution that clause
creating those political disabilities ?
Mr. HARRIS. It did.
Mr. FERRY. Very well; that is exactly'
what I said.
Mr. HARRIS. No ; I understood the Sen-
ator to say that the Clause of the constitution
of Louisiana was identical with the clause of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. FERRY. In pqrport and_ effect it is,
because that clause of the constitution of Louis-
iana excluded from office the class of persons
who had aided the rebellion during the war
and the loyal Legislature of Louisiana, the
Republican Legislature of Louisiana, unani-
mously passed a resolution jn favor of striding
out from the, constitution of that State that
proscriptive clause.
. PaBS along the Gulf and come to Mississippi.
The first representative of the colored race who
ever entered the walls of Congress and took a
seat here signalized most nobly his entrance
into this body by presenting the unanimous
resolution of the Legislature of Mississippi for
the removal of all political disabilities; and
that representative of that downtrodden race
in offering that resolution declared his own
entire adhesion tp it.
Pass from Mississippi and come to Alabama;
her Senator [Mr. Warner] spoke to you yes-
terday. Her Senator told you that the pro-
scription of those disabilities was- the great
element which the Republican party of Ala-
bama had to contend with, and that striking
out these disabilities would give strength and
vigor to that party all over his State.
Mr. WARNER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that'in the constitution of Ala-
bama there was a provision which prevented
from voting those Who under the fourteenth
article of amendment were disqualified from
holding office, and the first Legislature which
met under that constitution, (which was nearly
unanimously Republican, there being only one
