2566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Special Commissioner of Revenue, in charge
of the Bureau of Statistics, showing the statis-
tics of our commerce and navigation for the
months of October, November, and Decem-
ber, 1867, and also for the year ending Decem-
ber 31, 1858, is as follows:
Imports. Exports. Jleexports.
October   £32,170,353 $29,197,041 $1,538,760
November 28,863,AM 37,038,314 1.032,231
December  21,935,650 41,225,855 3,640.420
12 months,1803..381,330,057 341,3-17,528 20,855,802
The proportion of the foregoing carried by
American and foreign vessels during the three
mouths ending December 31, 1808, show that
fifty-seven per cent, of our imports and forty-
one and a half per cent, of our domestic exports
for t he period mentioned have been transported
in foreign vessels.
The gross foreign steam tonnage of Great
Britain in 1807 was 775,000 tons, while that
of the United States was only 175,5201
in 1853 our commerce was fifteen per cent,
greater than that of Great Britain. In 1SG4 it
had fallen to less than half'as much, and in
1800 it was probably not one third as much as
that of our great commercial rival.
Furthermore, while in 1800 two thirds of our
imports and more than two thirds of our ex-
ports were carried in American bottoms, in
1800 nearly three quarters of our imports and
more than three filths of our exports were ear-
ned in foreign bottoms!
^ From the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury for 1808, the decline of American
lomiuge was as follows : during ten years from
1852 to 1802, the tonnage of the United States
entered lor foreign countries was 00,228,475
tons; ot foreign vessels for same period,
1 tons. In five years, from 180.'! to
1808, the tonnage of American ships was only
!I,2'JI.),877 tons, and of foreign vessels, 14,110,-
■127 tons, showing that American tonnage fell
IVom two hundred and six to sixty-six per cent,
of foreign tonnage in the sam£ trade.
Mr. President, these are humiliating exhibits,
and F would not spread them before the Sen-
ate, did I not hope to arouse an irrepressible
determination to arrest this downward course
of our commerce and to restore its former
prestige.
In view of this startling evidence of the de-
cline of our commerce, and the corresponding
emoluments resulting to our gieat rivals,en-
gaged in our carrying trade and in the trans-
portation of our foreign mails, need wo be
surprised that our ears should be assailed with
rumors of united efibrtson their behalf to jire-
vi nt congressional legislation to change this
downward tendency of American trade? Can
we be surprised, sir, at the somewhat arrogant
tone of some of our foreign rivals in the late
adjustment of our postal arrangements? Can
we expect that this golden prize will be
wrenched from their grasp without a struggle?
I ask the Senate, sir. whether as the guardians
of American honor and American interests,
they will longer hesitate to grapple with "this
great subject and restore our commerce to the
proud stand it held in ISO], when our tonnage
exceeded tbatof Cheat Ui itain by 7.32,987 tons?
Or when in 1853 our commerce, as I have
before stated, was fifteen per cent, greater than
that of the now greatest maritime Power of
the earth?
It is true, sir, that the United States have
not. the same necessity to increase her mari-
lime power as Great Britain. They have within
themselves greater lesources of national pros-
perity than are contained within the boundary
of any other empire upon earth.
"These rc.-uui'.T- arc s-o vast that scores of years,
aiid perhaps centuries, must run out before they can
he well mut ful!> developed. 1 n carrying on the
rie.it internal entei prises eontimi.illy necessary for
t tie development ot Aiaei lean resource great energy,
bus'ines.s eiip.ietfy, and intelii^en'-c arc indispens-
able,ar.d lei eo a mounts oi eupnitlund laboraro con-
stantly required. All minds aic not, therefore, so
evdusi\oi.\ diiected to the study of external trade
and commerce, .is of necessity thev arc in Great,
iintain. A hundredfold more attention and capital
«rc now gn en to opciuct; up tbewojdth and provid-
ing for the internal trade of Amerioa than to main
taimnsaiid strengthening our maritime commerce
and international trado. white all this is nocessary,
and of the soundest policy, yet thoshipping interests
should net bo overlooked, nor, in any particular im-
portant to its support and full success, bo nogleoted,
but it should, as of old, bo watched over and sus-
tained as the worthy handmaid and partner of our
agviculturo and manufactures."
Sir, this is not au age of isolation, when
great nations should coil themselves up within
their own boundaries. On the other hand, the
spirit of the times is expansive and benevolent,
inviting mutual intercourse and participation
in the common blessings of the earth and in
the elevating power of Christian civilization.
The mighty powers of nature are harnessed to
the car of progress, and the wire ways of thought
are encircling the earlh, bringing into common
brotherhood allthe families of mankind. Shall
America falter in this grand work of advancing
the welfare of our race ? Shall we not rather,
while we surpass all nations in our internal,
material progress, seek by expanding our
external commerce to sharo the blessings of
other nations, and invite to our own country
the overcrowded populations of less favored
lands ?_ These considerations appeal to our
patriotism and to the higher sentiments of our
naturo as citizcns of the Republic.
But the Senate will bear with me while I pre-
sent this subject of immigration in a different
light, which, upon principles of political econ-
omy, can hardly fail to arouse us from our
lethargy and stimulate us to activity to expand
our commercial relations with foreign nations.
Itis not extravagant to assume that the
Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company, when once established under the
provisions of this bill, would bring into our
country from southern Europe at least forty
thousand of most valuable immigrants, a large
proportion of whom would settle in the south-
ern States. By reliable estimates recently made,
each of our mechanics and common laborers
on an average pays an amount in revenue
equal to $1 87 per week; but for greater cer-
tamtyletitbeassumedat$l GOperweek. Now,
sir, at this rate, these forty thousand adopted
citizens would pay into the national Treasury
the sum of $60,000 per week, or $3,120,000
per annum; and in twenty years the same
yearly accession to our population would pro-
duce the enormous sum of $05,528,000. Should
it be objected that no allowance is made in
this calculation for minors, it may fairly be
answered that the increase of population with
these adopted citizens would in twenty years
more than countorbalancethisdeficieiicy. This
vast amount of $05,528,000 would be thus
added to the revenues of the country, without
taking into account the large amount of specie
and other property which these immigrants
would bring into the country; and the still
more important fact that their labor and me-
chanical skill, employed in developing the nat-
ural wealth of our country, would vastly exceed
every other accretion to our national prosperity.
But. sir, this is not all. These immigrants
would add largely to the revenues of the States
in which they settled. From the same reliable
sources of information it is stated that the poll-
tax paid by these forty thousand immigrants
would average yl 50 per annum, which would
be SCO,000 per annum, or, with the same immi-
gration yearly for twenty years, would swell
the amount of State revenues derived from
this source to the sum of $12,000,001)!
It will not, I presume, be urged that this esti-
mate of the number of immigrants that would
be introduced by the company under favorable
auspices is exaggerated. Two hundred and
fifty-eight thousand immigrants landed the last
year upon our shores from northern Europe, as
I have shown, and nearly as many left the south-
ern parts of Europe for countries far less invit-
ing to them than the United States. It is not,
therefore, improbable, but rather morally cer-
tain that, the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam
Navigation Company, with their large and ele-
gant steamers, fitted up for the especial comfort
of the immigrants, would divert from this large
exodusof population from the south of Europe
at least'forty thousand to our land; nay, more,
that other American lines of steamships estab-
lished in the wake of this company, to meet the
increasing demands of southern as well as of
northern commerce, would find full employ-
ment in this line of trade and commerce.
Now, I put the question to the Senate, consid-
ering only these vast accumulations of wealth
arising directly from national and State rev-
enues which cannot be considered as over-
estimated, and which, as above shown, would
come from forty thousand imigrants introduced
annually for twenty years, amounting in the
aggregate to $607,880,000—1 put the question,
whether merchants, with this almost fabulous
amount of income from the investment of
the comparatively trifling capital of fifteen or
twenty million dollars required by this company
to insure its successful operation made reason-
ably certain to them, would hesitate to embark
in such an adventure? Why would it not
bo wise and prudent for the Government, if
required to do so, to draw this amount of
fifteen or twenty million dollars from the public
Treasury and donate it without interest to this
or any other company for twenty years in order
to produce these grand results?
But instead of requiring this advance of cap-
ital, not a single dollar is demanded from the
Treasury. The company only ask the stipula-
tion to pay the interest and principal of their
bonds, secured not only by a first lien upon
their vessels, constructed under the supervision
of the Government, and devoted to the use of
the nation whenever the public exigencies shall
require it, but also secured by the pledge of an
equal amount of the bonds of sovereign States
of the Union. These States are to be the recip-
ients of values far greater in amount thau the
bonds deposited by them in behalf of this com-
pany ; for if, as is on all hands conceded, each
immigrant has in political economy acash value
of $1,000, these forty thousand immigrants in
one year wouldadd to the wealth of the southern
States $40,000,000, and thissamenumberintro-
duced annually for twenty years would increase
their material wealth by $800,000,0001 This
showing in mercantile transactions would be
regarded amost ample security for $20,000,000.
Is it not,_ therefore, the duty as well as the
interest of the Government to grant, not money,
but the credit required by this company, to
enable it to embark in this enterprise with
ample resources and a national reputation that
shall sustain it under all opposition from the
colossal wealth and governmental patronage of
foreign competition?
But it may be asked why, if such are the
prospects of success of this or any other com-
pany started upon the basis adopted by this
company, should not private capital, always
seeking largo profits, be found sufficient to coni-
pass this enterprise? The answer is at hand.
The depression and decay of American com-
merce and the colossal strength of foreign
steamship companies, built upon the ruins of
our shipping interests, the expense and dis-
abilities of entering at once upon the construc-
tion of iron ships to compete with these for-
eign lines, and the power and patronage which
they derive from their respective Governments,
preclude the successful competition of mere
private capital.
To show how easy it is for a foreign steam-
ship line to increase the number of its ships
as required from time to time at our expense
1. would state that a promising foreign steam
ship company can establish a credit with on?
importing merchants, and can through its
agent in New York draw upon the company
or its bankers in Liverpool or Glasgow, pay-
able in London ; or they can draw on Hamburg
or Lremen. These bills find a ready sale in
New York to our merchants, who use them as
remittances to their correspondents abroad.
It is easy for such a company to float these
bills, drawn at sixty days' sight, to an amount
