5398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
I will not do it in the name of the glorious
Slate that I represent. I will not do it in the
mime of her immortal dead, who lie upon so
many battle-fields, and who have left so many
widows and orphans.
Sir, my tongue is sealed in this matter. I
believe that if Mr. Lincoln could speak from
the abodes of heaven he would say as I do.
1 am opposed to this appropriation entirely,
absolutely, in every respect. It is unconstitu-
tional in the first place, or at least it is without
precedent. Let us extend oui charities to those
who are worthy of them ; this is not a case to
which we should extend charity ; and I take the
responsibility now, for myself, of saying that
this appropriation ought not to be made.
You must not tell me, sir, that she was the
wife of the President, that she is the widow of
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy. The day has passed, the time has gone
when there must be made any distinction be-
tween the legless and armless soldier that lost
his arm in the defense of his country and stood
by it and the mere pensioners of charity. As
to this lady, allow me to say, as I happen to
know, notwithstanding the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and others may contradict the state-
ment, that she and her family, all through the
war, sympathized with the rebellion.
If Senators, though, choose to vote away the
public money to her upon high considerations
of regard for Mr. Lincoln, they may do it; I
am not oue of those. I call upon the Senate
of the United States now to do what is right
and what is just. If you wish to exercise lib-
erality, magnanimity, and charity, select a
proper object, select a Martha Washington,
select a patriotic woman, and then exhaust
your treasures upon her.
I will not debate the constitutional question ;
I will goto the extreme of liberality ; but so
long as God gives me the purpose and power
to do right I will not vote away the people's
money for foreign show and for no good pur-
pose whatever, while thousands, and I might
say millions, of the truly suffering poor, who
have risked their lives in the service of this
country, are waiting for our benefactions and
our beneficence.
I do not cringe or bow down to any popular
sentiment in this question. As I said before,
if ever in the history of the world 1 have seen
or known acharacter that I have more admired
than that of Mr. Lincoln I cannot now recollect
it—the friend of the North, the friend of the
South, the friend of the country. I vote against
this proposition conscientiously. I vote against
it with whatever power there is in Illinois against
mc on this question. It is not a just appro-
priation ; it is not deserving personally ; it is
not deserving politically, or in any sense what-
ever. I shall vote against it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope now we shall have
a vote, as I desire to take up the Army appro-
priation bill immediately, and must do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I will not
protract the debate on this subject; but before
the vote is taken I beg leave to say a. word.
When this measure was before the Senate dur-
ing the last Congress I took occasion to ex-
press my views about it. I took the ground
then which I take now, that this pension is
justly and fairly due to Mrs. Lincoln, for the
same reason that we are in the habit of grant-
ing pensions to the widows of other officers of
the Army. I put it solely on that ground.
Mi. Lincoln was Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, and at the time of his assassination
there was under his command a military force
numbering not far from a million men, in
battle array, so to speak. It was during the
flagrancy of the war that he was assassinated
by one of the enemies of the United States, in
a clandestine, cowardly, unsoldierly manner;
nevertheless, his death differed in no respect,
so far ;is I can see, from rhe ordinary death
ol a sohlifr or an ollicer on the held of battle.
If (rnu'i'al (iranl, who it was expected would
accompany him to the theater the night of his
death, had attended and become also a victim
to the strokes of Wilkes Booth ; if the Secre-
tary of War, who was also expected to accom-
pany the President on that evening, had fallen
under the strokes of Booth as Lincoln did. I
presume there would have been no hesitation
in granting a pension to the respective widows
of these distinguished men. They were offi-
cers of the Army, as was Lincoln ; and I can-
not understand how Oongiess allow themselves
to pension the widows ot other high officers of
the Army who have fallen in defense of their
country and at (he same time refuse to pay
the same tribute of respect to the great and
good Lincoln. It is upon the ground that lie
fell a victim of the war, though contrary to the
rules of war, while defending his country at
the head of the Army.
Is not that enough? Why should we go
beyond that single consideration? I see no
necessity, no propriety in it; and I utterly
refuse to take cognizance of any objections,
real or imaginary, which may be raised against
the probable recipient of this pension. But
at the same time 1 cannot refrain from express-
ing my conviction that the statement just made
by the honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] impugning the loyalty of Mrs. Lincoln,
charging her with sympathizing with the rebel-
lion, is not well founded. I feel it due to the
honor of the nation and to the Senate to put
in my respectful contradiction of that state-
ment. It is due to the honor of the nation, it
is due to history, that this stigma should not
remain upon the family of Lincoln.
It was my fortune during the Presidency of
Mr. Lincoln to have occasional, and I might
say frequent, conversations with his lady, and
1 am prepared to say now that I couversed with
no lady anywhere in the United States who
expressed a warmer sympathy in the cause of
the country, or a greater anxiety for the suc-
cess of the arms of the Government than that
lady did. And, sir, she did not limit her feel-
ings to these mere fervent expressions; she
visited the hospitals, and so far as was practi-
cable she administered to the sufferings of the
sick and of the wounded, exhibiting by her
works of charity the warmest sympathy in the
cause in which herlamented husband fell; and
I think it a little hard that that imputation
should be thrown out against that lady with-
out one single scintilla of proof, either from
direct evidence or from the circumstances of
her life.
It is due to her, absent as she is and in a
foreign land, that her good name should not
be thus tarnished, and that at all events, before
she is condemned as a sympathizer with the
rebellion, she should be allowed at least to be
heard on that most important question.
Sir, I hope this bill will pass. I hope the
United States will do itself the honor of treat-
ing the family of the immortal Lincoln with
the same consideration, at least, which has
been extended to other great officers of the
Army.
It is said that there is no precedent for such
an appropriation of money as this. I fancy
that on an investigation of appropriations
made heretofore that will be found to be a
mistake. According to my recollection the
sum of §25,000 in bulk was appropriated to
the widow of General Harrison in the Twenty-
Seventh Congress. General Harrison did not
die by the act of an enemy of his country and
an assassin, but quietly of disease in the pres-
idential mansion ; and one of the first things
which Congiess did after the death of General
Harrison was to appropriate to his widow the
sum of $25,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to say that that was precisely
the question involved in the case of Mr. Lin-
coln, and we paid a year's salary to his widow.
ill-. HOWARD. No matter under what
name it went, that sum was appropriated to 1
Mrs. Harrison. it was not dun to her at all
after the death of her husband; it was a mere |
gratuity, a mere honorarium granted to the
widow of that deceased President and gen-
eral. It established a precedent in principle
which I think would fully justify me in voting
for this bill. And I do not put it on thegrouiid
of a mere honorarium; I put it upon the
ground of an ordinary pension .due to the
widow and family of a deceased officer.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I protest, Mr. Pres-
ident, against the merits or demerits of Mrs.
Lincoln being brought into this controversy.
I presume the Senate is composed of gentle-
men, and I do not suppose there is any man
who has the instincts of a gentleman who would
reflect upon the character of Mrs. Lincoln. I
treat Mrs. Lincoln as I treat every lady. Being
a husband and a father myself, J treat Iter as
the widow of a distinguished man and as the
mother of children who, I have no doubt, she
hopes, and I have no doubt we all hope, what-
ever may be our political feelings, may be an
honor to their country. It is unbecoming the
American Senate to deal with the question of
the character of Mrs. Lincoln, and what were
her sympathies or antipathies. I choose to
treat her as an American lady, the widow of a
man elevated to the highest' position in this
country, a position to which I did not contrib-
ute to elevate him; but as a Democrat, as a
gentleman, as a husband, and as a father, I
protest here against any imputations upon the
character of Airs. Lincoln.
Whatever may have been the wisdom of the
policy of her husband, whether it was wise or
unwise, history must determine. I thought
then, and I think now, that it was unwise; but
the majority of the Senate thought then and
think now it was wise. But, sir, as an Ameri-
can Senator I rise in my place to day to pro-
test against the character of this lady, what-
ever it may be, being brought into controversy
here. I know nothing of it. I believe her to
be pure and upright, amiable and lovely. I
know nothing to the contrary. It does not
enter into the question ; and in my eye Mrs.
Lincoln stands to-day just as lovely, as amia-
ble, and as pure as though she were the widow
of a Democratic President around whom my
hopes clustered, and my warmest affections
centered.
But the question is not a question of the
character of Mrs. Lincoln, or what were her
sympathies, what were her wishes, what were
her hopes in the late struggle. It is the
simple question, will you establish a civil pen-
sion list. And that is the only question which
can address itself to the mind of an American
Senator. Will you establish the precedent ? If
it were to be solitary andaloue, standing isolated
by itself, I might let it pass, although I disap-
prove almost every act of her husband when
he was President. She is lonely and a widow,
and who can tell what that word "widow"
means, bereft of the support of life, all its
comforts, and all its enjoyments ? Who can
tell what that word " widow" means? What-
ever may have been my opinion of the acts of
her husband, around that widow there is the
shield of gentlemanly protection thrown that
dare notbe intruded into the American Senate,
and I protest against it to-day. Not only as
an American gentleman, but as an American
Senator, do I protest against a reflection on
Mrs. Lincoln. The question does not legit-
imately enter into the discussion of the subject,
and I hope Senators, in the consideration of
this question, although it may be simple in its
character, will not dare invade the sanctuary
of home and the character of a widow clothed
in weeds. Throw that out; let it be gone ; it
is unbecoming the American Senate. It has
no place here. It does not enter legitimately
into the controversy of this question.
But, Mr. President, the question is whether
you will establish a civil list of pensioners upon
this great Republic, if this case stood alone,
while I was opposed to every act of her hus-
band almost, 1 would vote most cheerfully for
any amount of money yon could give to this
