310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
recent annual report of December 3, 1869,
states that between the 11th of May and the
25th of November, a period of one hundred
and ninety-eight days, there had been pur-
chased of the United States six per cent, bonds
oii account of the sinking fund" and the fund
held subject to the order of Congress, interest
and premium thereon included, the sum of
$89,282,270. The purchase of these bonds
by the Government is tantamount to the pay-
ment of that much of the public debt, and
amounts very nearly to the sum of $500,000
every twenty-four hours. TheTreasurer adds:
" We may safely challenge the civilized world, in
all its past history, to produce a similar instance of
any nation thus rapidly liquidating its indebtedness.
If the same rate of purchase is hereafter maintained
and the accruing interest invested semi-annually in
like bonds thewhole national debt will thus be paid
off in less than thirteen years."
This, as I have already stated, is the result
of laws heretofore passed by Congress and
their faithful execution by the present Admin-
istration. Although it will be seen by the fore-
going figures Ahat the debt is in rapid process
of payment, yet it must be apparent to every
one who has given the subject any reflection
whatever that our present revenue laws and
the amount of interest we are paying upon our
national debt are imposing unnecessary bur-
dens upon our people.
We can very materially reduce the amount
of taxes, and at the same time continue gradu-
ally to reduce the principal of our debt, if we
provide for a less rate of interest than that
which we are now paying. Hence the question
naturally arises, " Have we not reached that
point in our financial history when we can
safely look forward to a speedy reduction of
interest?" We are now paying a higher rate
of interest than any solvent nation in the world.
The reasons for this are apparent to all. Our
debt was contracted in the midst of a rebellion
that aimed at our national ruin, and our cred-
itors, in addition to the ordinary hazard in such
cases, had to assume the risk of our ability to
crush the rebellion and to preserve the exist-
ence and unity of the nation. That terrible
crisis has passed, the nation has triumphed
over its enemies, and is to-day stronger in
all the elements of wealth and power than it
was on tho day when the first hostile gun was
fired.
We now justly claim to be one of the great
Powers of the world, and this claim is will-
ingly accorded. We are great in the indomit-
able will and energy of our people; in their
commerce, which has begun once more to
whiten every sea ; in their agriculture, whose
products are almost sufficient to fill the gran-
aries of the world ; in their rich mines and
minerals; in their railroads and canals, which
spread like a net-work over the land; in then-
form of government, whose highest aim is to
protect the humblest of its citizens ; and over
and above all these material matters we claim
to be great in tho virtue, intelligence, and
patriotism of our people. Other nations less
favored than our own, either in the extent of
territory or the untold millions of our min-
eral and agricultural wealth, are able to go into
the money-markets of the world and procure
money at less rates of interest than ourselves.
Put this condition of things is fast passing away.
We have demonstrated our abundant ability
not only to preserve our national existence,
but even to increase our national boundaries
a.nd add to the extent of our territorial jurisdic-
tion. We have also demonstrated that we are
able and willing to meet our pecuniary obliga-
tions, and hence we have a right to anticipate
an improved national credit. In feet, the evi-
dences of such improved credit are to be seen
in offers and propositions ready to be made to
negotiate our bonds at a much lower rate of
interest than that which we are now payin°\
The payment of six percent, interest in gold
by the Government tends to add not only
directly tothe burdens of the people, but has a
most injurious effect upon the business interests
of the country, from the fact that where the
Government is a borrower at a high rate of
interest the individual must conform his busi-
ness transactions to the same or even a higher
standard. The business man is thus brought
in direct competition with the Government,
and as a necessary consequence the capitalist
will demand from him the same and in most
instances a greater rate of interest than that
which he can obtain from the Government.
The reduction, then, of our national interest
will make itself felt, not only in the reduction
of taxes, but likewise in affording capital at
cheaper rates to the commercial and business
portion of our people.
We have now some six or eight forms of
national obligations. There are many reasons
why there should be but one form of such obliga-
tion ; and hence consolidation should accom-
pany the funding of th« debt. Let us, there-
fore, during this present session of Congress,
proceed by proper legislation to providefor such
funding and consolidation at a rate of interest
not exceeding four per cent. And when we
reflect that the third and fourth rate nations
of Europe, with no future of increase at all
comparable to ours, are able to negotiate their
loans at an interest seldom exceeding three per
cent., we can safely appeal to the capitalists
of the world for the negotiation with them of
a loan not exceeding four per cent, and with
the^ proceeds of this loan retire our present
obligations as rapidly as they mature. It is not
at all unreasonable to anticipate that an amount
of these funded bonds sufficient for this pur-
pose could be negotiated within a short space
of time ; indeed, it may well be assumed that
so soon as this policy shall be inaugurated and
understood to be our permanent ^nd settled
policy the present holders of our bonds would
at once avail themselves of the privilege—and
this should by all means form a. part of the
system—of exchanging their present for these
new bonds.
In providing for the funding of our debt I
regard the time at which it shall be made pay-
able as a very important element and deserving
our careful consideration. I believe that jus-
tice to the present generation requires that a
very large portion of our obligations should be
placed upon the shoulders of those who are to
come after us and who are to enjoy in a still
greater measure than we are now enjoying the
blessings of peace and of an undivided Union.
This generation will have done its duty if it
provides now in addition to what it has already
done by taxation for the ordinary expenditures
of the Government, for the prompt payment of
our interest on the funded debt, and for 'the
creation of a sinking fund to be applied to its
ultimate extinction.
In doing this we shall have done all that can
reasonably be required at our hands. But in
stating this proposition I do not' mean to be
understood that this indebtedness shall by any
means become permanent, for I do not sub-
scribe to the doctrine that " a national debt is
a national blessing," but believe most firmly,
on the contrary, that it is the duty of a nation
as well as an individual to provide for the pay-
ment of its debts as rapidly as can be done con-
sistent with the commercial and laboring inter-
ests of the country. It should, therefore, be
provided in any legislation for the funding and
consolidation of this debt that the time for its
payment should not extend beyond a period of
thirty or thirty-five years, and probably the
better course to adopt would be to provide for
the payment of one half of the funded debt in
twenty _years, which could be done by means
of the sinking fund provided for its extinction,
and for the payment of the residue within a
period of ten or fifteen years thereafter. And
we may reasonably assume that if the affairs
of this Government are wisely and prudently
administered, trade, industry, and commerce
remain_ free and unshackled by injudicious
legislation so^ that individual and national
wealth may alike be increased, every dollar of '
this vast indebtedness will have been fully paid
within that period.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The propriety or impropriety of the estab-
lishment of our system of national banking is
hardly at this time a debatable proposition.
It had its origin in real or supposed necessi-
ties connected with or growing out of the war,
and is now so thoroughly identified with all the
business interests of the country that but few
persons could be found bold enough to abolish
the system and thus assume the grave respons-
ibilities involved in its destruction.
The banks organized under this system, now
numbering about seventeen hundred, are with
scarcely an exception managed with marked
skill and ability. They furnish a currency of
uniform value in all parts of the United States.
The bill-holder is amply secured, and the busi-
ness generally has been very remunerative to
its shareholders, probably more so than that
of any other legitimate business in the country.
At the organization of this system Congress
very wisely reserved to itself the power of con-
trol over these institutions by such legislation
as time and experience might render necessary
and proper. By virtue of this reserved right
in Congress we should in connection with the
funding of our debt, and only in that view, in-
corporate a provision that after a reasonable
time their securities placed in the hands of the
Government as a deposit for their currency
should be made exclusively of bonds issued
under the funding process bearing an interest
not exceeding four percent., instead of the
bonds heretofore deposited. This legislation
would in a short time absorb about three hun-
dred and forty million dollars of the new
bonds, being the amount now on deposit by
the banks, and to that extent make rapid and
permanent provision for so much of ourfunded
debt, while saving to the people in this item
alone, by the reduction of interest, the annual
sum of nearly seven million dollars.
But, sir, in my judgment, the amount thus to
be absorbed will not long remain limited by
the sum of $340,000,000. The business inter-
ests of the whole country, the rapid recuper-
ation of that portion of our Union lately in
rebellion, and the almost equally rapid devel-
opment of our extended and daily extending
frontier settlements require a much larger
amount of banking capital and a larger volume
of national currency to meet the requirements
of trade and commerce. To this we must add
our vast and prosperous possessions on the
Pacific slope but recently, by the completion
of the Pacific railroad, brought into daily com-
mercial contact with the other portions of the
Union, and whose interests require an early
abandonment of their exclusive metallic cur-
rency, and the adoption of that part of our finan-
cial system which now appears to be the settled
policy of both Government and people. These
various wants can best be supplied by remov-
ing the limit to the amount of circulation and
capital, as now provided by law; in other
words, by incorporating in our present bank-
ing system the principles of free banking under
the prudent safeguards and limitations of the
present system, or the adoption of others more
stringent if deemed necessary.
All corporations are monopolies to a greater
or lessextent. Corporate poweris justso much
power taken from the many and lodged in the
hands of the few. This is probably one of the
necessary evils of civilized society incident to
all governments, but, like other evils which
cannot safely be eradicated, can nevertheless
be shorn of many of their objectionable fea-
tures. Ihe exclusive right of the present banks
to provide the currency for the people is too
great a privilege to be monopolized by the
tew, and that, too, when vast public interests
recjuire and demand an extension of these
privileges to such portions of our people as
will embrace them under such just restrictions
and limitations as may from time to lime be
impbsed, and thus provide a volume of' cur-
