3510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Democrat in the senate and five or six in the
house,) by a two-thirds vote struck out that
provision of the constitution which they had
the authority to do by the constitution, so as to
allow everybody to vote.
Mr. FERRY. Such, as I am showing, has
been the tendency everywhere, not with the j
rebels, not with the old malignant, bitter con-
spirators who originated secession, but with ,
our friends. Such has been their tendency for
the last two years, throughout the whole of thatr
portion of the country which was the theater '
of rebellion. j
Gome eastward to Florida. I have not had 1
the opportunity to inquire whether there has
been action of the Legislature of that State
upon this subject; but its Republican conven- i
tions have assumed the same position in regard i
to the removal of political disabilities. i
Come to Georgia, the State to which the j
Senator from Indiana always refers when he ]
would have us shrink back in horror from the |
narrative of outrage and of blood with which I
we have so often been treated here. Sir, there j
is an explanation of affairs in Georgia which |
the Senator does not choose to give. There is j
an explanation of affairs iu Georgia, into which,
for the sake of my party, and because I love ]
that party, and because I believe bound up ]
with it are the dearest interests of my country,
and because there are those hanging on to my
party there that are dragging its honor in the
dust, I prefer to refrain from going into.
But I do say that had Georgia for the last
two years been in the hands of men of high j
patriotism, if it had been in the hands of men '
who were looking to the welfare of the nation ,j
instead of their own pecuniary advancement, •
we might have had a different state of things i
there from what exists to-day; and even as it j
is, the representations which are made.here,
telegraphed by order to a venal press in this
city, are representations upon which no legis-
lator can rely. I hold in my hand, sir, a letter
which I received—one of scores—more than a
month ago, from a friend who resides in the
city of New York, a business man who takes
no part in politics, a man largely engaged in
business relations in the State of Georgia and
frequently called thither by his business engage-
ments, a man who never voted any ticket but,
a Republican, and a man who, where his name
is known, is recognized as one of the purest
and noblest of the business men of New York or
of any other city of the United States—a letter
written to me of private friendship, from which
I beg leave to read an extract or two. It is
dated April 21, 1870 :
"It was my intention to stop at Washington on
my return from the South, but as you know, Provi-
dence directed otherwise."
He was severely injured by a railroad acci*
dent.
" I am perfectly satisfied that the people of Geor-
gia are not understood, and that the representations
that have been made "nt Washington respecting the
disloyalty and rebellious state of the people are
lalse. I traveled through the greater part of Geor-
gia; I came in contact with all grades of the people;
my opportunities of knowing were, to say the least, as
good as an-y one else's, and daring my entire trip I
saw or heard nothing to indicate but a strong desire
to accept the situation and let bygones be bygones.
The great use made at Washington of tho so-called
troubles at Brunswick"—
You recollect the infamous Avery telegram—
"shows to.what straits certain people have come. I
was at Brunswick the day after the dispatch of Avery
was sent. I positively deny that there was any truth
whatever in any of the assertions made. There was
no more need of soldiers being sent there than there
is now at Norwalk"—
My residence—
" to keep the peace.
" Yours, truly, MORRIS K. JESSUP."
Pass from Georgia to South Carolina. The
Senator from Indiana deprecated the bill which
passed the other day substantially repealing the
test act. That bill was introduced by a South
Carolina Senator. The Senator from Indiana
deprecated any further removal of politicat
disabilities. The other South Carolina Sen-
ator [Mr. Robertson], within a month has
introduced another bill sweeping away all
the disabilities of the fourteenth amendment
except with three limitations, which will not
include more than five hundred men within
their number.
Go from South Carolina to North Carolina ;
and right here upon the floor of the Senate we
have had her position on this question por-
trayed in a manner which, it seems to me, the
Senator from Indiana ought not to have for-
gotten. In that able speech, that calm, delib-
erate, dispassionate relation of affairs in the
State of North Carolina, which proceeded
from her Senator [Mr. Pool] the other day,
I find the following remarks. Referring to the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, that section which '!
inflicts these political disabilities, the Senator ,
said:
" The third peotion contains a clause not disfran-
chising, but making ineligible to office certain ;
classes of those people. That was a difficult feature i;
and a difficult principle for southern Republicans to •
carry. I am not saying that it was not wise in its i
general scope and for the general purposes intended .
to be attained. Understand me, sir, I am not attack-
ing it in its principles now; but there was in it a i
most unfortunate discrimination. That discrimina- '1
tion was unquestionably unwise. If you meant to
strike the enemies of your policy, if you meant to i
strike those who had set themselves against what
you were endeavoring to do, you failed most signally
in the main, and in failing you struck down the very
I best of your friends."
What does the Senator from Indiana say
, in his speech of yesterday? That the third .
! section only strikes down the old bitter rebels
who conspired for secession originally, and
who never can forget their hatred for the coun- j
try's flag. The Senator from North Carolina •
i went on:
" The disability provision was not applicable to a
man because he had bared his arm against the life
of this nation, because he had committed treason,
because he had outraged in the most inhuman and
barharous .manner the friends of the Government,
because he had starved prisoners of war, or shot them
down without giving them the rights that civilized
nations always accord to prisoners. Your discrim-
ination was that he was disabled from holding posi-
tions of honor and_trust because he happened to be
considered of sufficient importance before the warto
haveheld some petty office. That was the touchstone
of the discrimination. That struck your friends as
well as your enemies."
Then the Senator from South Carolina asks
a question:
" Mr. Sawyer. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question at this point ?
" Mr. Pool. Certainly.
" Mr. Sawyer. I should like to have the Senator's
opinion, while he is on this point, as to whether the
men who are disfranchised oy the third section of
the fourteenth amendment ar« the men who create i
political disturbances in the South, as a rule ?"
The Senator from Indiana says thoy are. |
He saya they are the old, bitter, traitorous (
secessionists; that they hate the flag,- thoy will
always hate the flag; that they are making all I
this trouble. What does the Senator from
North Carolina say:
"No, sir, they are not."
He lives among them. He knows all dbout i
them. He is a North Carolinian to the manner
born. He was there all through the war. He
is a Union man, and not a rebel. And yet the
Senator from Indiana holds me and all who
think and speak like me as giving aid and
comfort to rebels when i am merely reiterating ;
the result of the evidence which comes to us
from our Republican friends all over the South. I
"Mr. Pool. No, sir; they are not. I should ques-
tion whether one per cent, of them could be found
in these disguised organizations.. They are a differ- .
ent class of men.
"But I was going on to say, Mr. President, that
that clause put under the ban a man who had been
as true to the Union previous to secession as the
needle is tothepole; but having unfortunately acted
as a magistrate or constable or clerk previously, and ,
being caught within the insurrectionary districts and
unable to get out, was compelled, however true his
heart beatto the Union during the whole struggle, to
be in some wise compromised in the rebellion. Why,
sir, the stalwart Union men of those States, who at
the risk of their lives, against the whole current of
public opinion, against every social influence, against
friends, against every odds, adhered as far as they
could, on all occasions and under all circumstances,
to the flag of their country, but who were not willing
to swallow all sorts of oaths, whose consciences were
too sensitive to allow them to say that they had never
under any circumstances, on any occasion, volunta-
rily or involuntarily given any aid or encourage-
ment to rebellion, were stricken down, while the
men who wished to hang them and who persceutcd
them because they were supposed to be true to the
Union during the struggle, the men who maltreated
your prisoners, the men who either abused the policy
of the laws of the confederate government, or in vio-
lation of them produced a scene of atrocity and out-
rage that can scarcely be paralleled in the history of
the world, in their efforts tocrush down everyUnioa
feeling that could be created there—this class of men
were not touched by that amendment; no brand was
put upon them. The brand of traitor was put by
your amendment upon the heads of Union men."
And right over here in Virginia, within
almost a stone's throw from this Capitol, is an
illustration of this same trouble so plain that
no man can mistake it. A venerable judge
of one of the judicial circuits of that State, a
Union man all his life, voting and speaking
against the ordinance of secession, when that
ordinance nevertheless passed, remained in
office at the request of his friends and his neigh-
bors, and when the rebellion was suppressed
was unable to continue in office by virtue ot'
the third section of the fourteenth amendment,
while the guerrilla Moseby, residingin the same
circuit, whose name is only equaled in infamy
by that of the pirate Semmes, is eligible to
that very office under that same section. The
Senator from North Carolina goes on :
"I say men who looked back and remembered
what they bad done for the Government, how they
had longed in the darkest hour for the restoration
of the flag, and who were willing to submit, if it were
necessary for the preservation of the Union, to the
loss of their property, saw that in the very hour when
you required their aid to do not only this but other
things, you added a requirement that they them-
selves should consent to naving tho brand of traitor
stamped upon their foreheads and having their bit-
ter enemies and persecutors go without any such
stamp at ali."
Sir, there is the sentiment of North Carolina
with regard to political disabilities.
Come now to Virginia. In her recent elec-
tion the Republican party was placed by its
candidate, Governor Wells, squarely On the
record in favor of the removal of political dis-
abilities, and on that record demanded the
votes of the people of that State.
: In Tennessee General Stokes, the Radical
Republican candidate, took the same ground,
and his party sustained him everywhere iu the
canvass.
1 have gone the round of the States of the
| confederacy. I have called the Republican
party of those States to the witness-stand.
1 have called the sole representative of the
African race iu this body to speak for them;
and with one accord, white men and black
men, the Republicans in those States say that I
| utter their voice and I speak their sentiments;
I and I ask the Senator from Indiana henceforth
never to say of me, when I utter my opinions
upon political disabilities, that I give comfort
; to rebels, that I givecomfort to northern Dem-
i ocrats, and that I carry dismay to the hearts
i df Union men, for he will do me injustice;
! and now, at least, he knows it.
| But, sir, this is not all. This is not simply
1 the policy of the Uuion men and the llepuh-
i licans of the South; it is the policy of the Repub-
! licans-of the North in great part, I know that
' there are Republicans who hold different views;
: and I give them entire credit for honesty of
| purpose and sincerity of conviction. I will
j not brand them as the Senator from Indiana
would brand me. I will not say to either of
those who differ with me upon the subject of
, political disabilities that they are the friends of
rebels, or of those who differ from me upon
i the subject of local self-government that they
are the followers of John C. Calhoun.
i How are we to ascertain the sentiment of the
: great controlling mass of the Republican party
1 of the North on this subject? It. has not spoken
officially since 1868; and then it declared two
I things. It declared, first, that as loyalty re-
i turned it would remove the political disabm-
