4454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
is vacant now and not occupied by anybody
else, what objection is there to some American
getting it ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the Senator
in a moment about that, when we go a little
further. Now, I am told that the fact is that
Captain Parker did comply with the statute,
and he did file his statement in the State De-
partment, and did describe these islands as
well as he could; but other evidence was fur-
nished to that Department, a caveat was filed,
and evidence was furnished to that Depart-
ment that he had assigned all his interest in
the matter to a firm of merchants in San Fran-
cisco, who had furnished the schooner that
was sent out. They entered their caveat against
any right being granted to him, or at least
against any exclusive right being granted to
him.
But, sir, if he did then comply with the pro-
visions of the act, the next thing is for the
President to see whether it is advisable to
assume the jurisdiction and ownership of the
island. That is the next thing, if the owner-
ship of the land itself is to be in the Govern-
ment. Now, it is not pretended that the Gov-
ernment has ever done any such thing. When
the President shall have done that, when the
Department of State shall be satisfied and the
President shall be satisfied that we ought to
take the island as the property of the United
States, and that we can do so without violating
the rights of any other nation or any other in-
dividuals—when that shall have been decided,
and not until then, can we properly consider
the question whether or 110 we will give the
exclusive right to this guano to the widow or
heirs of this alleged discoverer.
If Congress sees fit to dispense with this act
of 1856, and sees fit to declare that we will
take the jurisdiction over and ownership of
these islands upon this discovery by a citizen
of the United States, very well. Let the facts
be laid before us which will show that we can
do so without violating the rights of any other
nation. Let that which the act of 1850 requires
shall be done for the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent, be done for our satisfaction, and if it is
a proper case, then I am willing to vote that
these islands are a part of the United States and
belong to the United States.
But as the evidence is furnished to us, we
cannot be asked to assume jurisdiction over
or the ownership of these islands. Let us leave
that where the statute leaves it, to the Pres-
ident upon proof which satisfies him, first, that
the islands were discovered by a citizen of the
United Slates, and secondly, that they belonged
to no other Power, and were occupied by no
other people. When that is done, and the
President has assumed jurisdiction over them
and declared them to belong to the United
States, then, and not until then, can this second
section have operation and effect; then, and
not until then, can these parties come and ask
Congress to give them the exclusive right to
this guano.
I do not know anything about the facts as
to these islands. It may be that people have
invested large sums of money in getting guano
from the islands. They have had eighteen
years in which to do it; they have had four-
teen years since the act of 1856 was passed ;
and if these claimants have not set up their
claim, have not kept up their claim, have not
kept any occupancy of the islands, (and it is
not pretended that they have,) and other people
have invested their means in getting guano
from the islands, I do not think we ought to
step in at this late day to interfere with them
and give a monopoly of this fertilizer to the
heirs of this discoverer ; for that is just what
this bill is.
The proposition is to give a monopoly of this
fertilizer in these two islands to the widow, or
the widow and heirs of this alleged discoverer,
who it is admitted here had transferred apart
of his title, a member of the committee says
one half of if, to somebody who is not here at
all. Where is the evidence of all that? We
have no report on the subject. We have been
giving away millions of acres of land to rail-
roads. Now we propose to give away a couple
of islands in our generosity to some widow,
because, forsooth, she is an estimable lady, and
I have no doubt she is, and because she had a
son who was patriotic during the war. It seems
that there is nothing so strong here as a bill to
give away something. The strongest measure
that can be presented to the Senate is a bill to
give away something.
I do say, that for us to be asked to giveaway
a couple of islands like these, be they large or
be they small, without one single word of re-
port in writing, without one scrap of evidence
before the Senate, for I defy anybody to point
me to one particle of testimony before the
Senate to justify this thing—to do that is simply
to say that whenever any widow woman shall
come here and ask the Senate to give her an
island or two that belongs to the United States,
we are too polite, too gallant, too generous, to
refuse her request.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe this bill is a bill
to substitute the widow of Captain Parker
to his rights, and that is all there is of it. It
is to give her an opportunity of proving that
Captain Parker was the discoverer of these
islands, and had the right to the guano upon
them, under the act of 1856. It assumes to
give away no land. It assumes to declare no
title. It only affords to this lady an opportu-
nity of proving that her husband had a right
to the guano under the act of 1856.
Mr. President, I think this debate has been
a most singular one. It is the best illustration
of the old fable of the dog in the manger that
I ever heard in my life, llere are two islands
away off in the Pacific ocean. Not a Senator
on this floor, hardly twenty persons in the
whole Republic, ever heard or ever would
have thought of them before. No human being
probably has ever laid claim to them except
this widow and her husband. She comes here
and asks simply that she shall be substituted
to the rights of her husband, to have the mere
opportunity of proving that he was the dis-
coverer of the islands. If he was the discoverer
of the islands, then of course, under the act of
1856, he is entitled to the guano upon them.
Now, what docs the act of 1856 require?
Simply that lie shall make proof in a practica-
ble time ; that he shall do it as soon as prac-
ticable ; not as soon aspossible. At the time
of this discovery twp years was a very small
period. We did not then havearailroad to the
Pacific ocean. It was not very easy gettitig to
that point. Probably he did not know of the
passage of the law of 1S56 when it took place.
I certainly can see no possible objection to
the passage of this bill. It gives nothing to
anybody. It takes possession of nothing. The
Government does not assume to control any-
thing. It assumes no sovereignty over anything
whatever, but simplygives to an American who
happens to know where such islands exist the
right to prove that she was entitled to them
through the discovery of her husband, and
nothing more. That is the whole case.
Mr. 110 WE. I should be sorry to have the
Senate carried away, as the Senator from Ohio
seems to think they are liable to be, by any
sentiment of gallantry toward a lady ; but \
should be sorry also to see the Senate wanting
in that regard for the interests of the United
Slates which seems to me to be the distin-
guishing characteristic of those who oppose
the passage of this bill.
The act of 1856, as I read it, was passed for
the double purpose of asserting the sover-
eignty of the United States over islands under
certain circumstances, and then to secure the
monopoly of the exports from those islands to
the citizens of the United States. Such were the
purposes, as I understand, of the act of 1856.
What does it say? It says that if an island
having a deposit of guano upon it be discov-
ered by an American citizen, and that island
does not belong to anybody else in the world,
it shall be taken to,belong to the United States.
That is the first declaration. In order to de-
termine the fact of discovery, to get a record,
to get proof of the discovery, and of the local-
ity of the island and the condition of it when
iL is discovered, it makes it for the interest of
the discoverer to put that proof into the State
Department; and so that act declares that the
discoverer, having established these facts upon
which our sovereignty depends, may have the .
exclusive right of selling the deposits upon it.
Now, it is said—I do not know anything
about it, but it is said—that Captain Parker
discovered a couple of islands having guano
upon them. It is said that they were not known
to any other Power, that they were not occu-
pied by the citizens of any other Power. If
these facts be so we are interested, not Mrs.
Parker nor her representatives alone, but the
United States, are interested in having the evi1
dence of those facts put into the State Depart-
ment. Why? Because then those islands belong
to us.
It is said Captain Parker never completed
the proofs. Are we not just as much inter-
ested in giving somebody time and affording
somebody a reason and motive for completing
those proofs? This bill gives the time and
affords the motive to the representatives of
Captain Parker. We ought to do it, it seems
to-me, if we have any regard for the interests
of the United States, if we want to establish
the rights of the United States over those
islands, and if we want to secure to the people
of the United States the exclusive right "to that
fertilizer.
Now, one word as to the act of 1856. It
seems to me it was improvident. It seems to me
it allowed the discoverer to charge a price for
this fertilizer which is unreasonable. Eight dol-
lars and four dollars a ton for this deposit deliv-
ered alongside of the vessel is an unreasonable
price. The Senator from Alabama yesterday
told us that the largest of these islands was only
a mile square. If that is so there is very little
transportation required to get the guano to the
vessel's side : and it seems to me one half of
this sum is ail that ought to be required of our
citizens to pay for this deposit, and I shall pro-
pose an amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maryland, if an amend-
ment to that amendment is now in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) An amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. HOWE. Then I send the following to
the Chair, to be added as a proviso to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maryland:
Andprovided further, That no party entitled under
this act shall be allowed to charge for guano more
than one half the prices named in the act of August
18,1856.
Mr. VICIvERS. Mr. President, I was some-
what astonished at the objection made by the
Senator from Ohio to this bill. He dwelt upon
the lapse of time that has occurred. I have
always understood that the Government never
pleads limitation, but that any claim that is just
and equitable always find® a fair response from
the representatives of the Government.
These islands were discovered in 1852. Cap-
tain Parker was engaged in the China trade,
and, observing the flight of birds, he supposed
there was land in that direction, and after his
return voyage he made an especial trip and
discovered the islands. As soon as it was
practicable for him to do sp he came to Wash-
ington and filed his application in the Stale
Department. There was no unnecessary delay.
It was done as soon as practicable, considering
his sea-faring life, the distauce, and the circum-
stances in which he was placed. It seems that
caveat was filed by some one who claimed
an interest by purchase from Captain Parker
of oue half of the guauo upon these islands.
Captain Parker died before this question was
decided. The war came on soon afterward.
