1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
Churefaill, Clarke, Amass Cobb, Clinton L Cobb,
Conger, Covode, Cowles, Crebs, Cullou, Donley,
Dyer. Farnsworth, Ferry. Finkelnburg, Fisher, Gar-
Bcld, Hnwley, lieaton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes,
Johnson, Kellopg, Kclsey.Ketoham, ICnapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Longuridge, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim
II. Moore, William Moore, Packard, Peters, Phelps,
Pouierov, Prosser, llice. Salient, Sawyer, Shanks,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith. William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Strong, Taffe, Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William 1J. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liams, and Witcher—78.
JiOI VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Bailey, Bar-
num, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles,
Booker, liowen, Boyd, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Cleveland, Dawes,Diokey, Dixon, Duval, Ela, Fitch,
tiiltillan, Haight, Hale, Hawkins, liay.Hoge.Inger-
soll, Julian, Kelley, Knott, Logan, Lynch, McCarthy,
McCrary. Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Samael P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers, O'Neill,
Packer, Palmer, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Ridgway,
Boots, Ssnford, Schenck, Porter Sheldon, Sloeum,
Stevenson, Strader, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Wyck,
Ward, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, JohnT. Wil-
son, and Winchester—63.
So tbe motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
H. Denaphe, of Bridgewater, Massachusetts,
praying to be compensated for seventy-five
hogsheads of sugar seized by the United States
forces in 1803.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of J. M. Peck and Samuel B. Evans,
officers of a public meeting at Ottumwa, Iowa,
for the repudiation of the national debt.
Also, the petition of citizens of Newbury-
port, Massachusetts, for drawback of duty on
materials entering into ship-building.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Thomas 8.
Moore and 41 others, citizens of New York city,
praying that tbe tax on cheroots be reduced
to $1 60 per thousand.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of H. H.
Rutan and 71 others, soldiers of Michigan,
praying for additional bounty for services in
the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of O. P.
Piles and 40 others, citizens of Wright's Cor-
ners, Dearborn county, Indiana, for the total
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Isaac J ones and 20 others,
citizens of Peppertown, Franklin cotinty, Indi-
ana, for the same purpose.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of directors of the Eastern Railroad
Company, of Massachusetts, againstan increase
of duty on steel.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
northwestern New York, asking that the Con-
stitution of the United States be so amended
as to acknowledge Almighty Ood as the source
of all authority and power in civil government.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Joseph
A. Chapline and 60 others, citizens of Jeffer-
son county, West Virginia, asking the passage
of a joint resolution now before the Committee
on the Judiciary, exempting all the counties
of West-Virginia from the operation of the act
of Congress entitled "An act to declare the
sense of an act entitled ' An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States.' "
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Harriet
N. McMillen, widow of Lieutenant John F.
McMillen, late of company A, one hundred and
twenty-second Ohio volunteer infantry.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of Aaron
Metzer and 48 others, of Auglaize county,
Ohio, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 15 cigat
manufacturers of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a redaction of the tariff on
imported cigars.
Also, a petition for a pension to Mrs. Cath-
arine Keck, mother of Anthony Keck, aged
fifteen years and two mouths, who was killed
at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, by the discharge
of fire-arms stored in a Government warehouse
and caused by the burning of the same.
Also, a petition of 36 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of William
S. Finch, of Arkansas, for removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of citizens
of Ohio, graying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Montgomery
county, Ohio, praying Congress for an appro-
priation in aid of a voyage of exploration in
the arctic regions, to be conducted by Captain
C. F. Hall.
By Mr. SWANN: A memorial of the Bal-
timore Board of Trade, praying for the repeal
of such portion of the act of 1799 as subjects
vessels to condemnation for the acts of their
officers, crew, <fcc.
Also, a memorial of the same, praying for
the establishment of a light-house at the en-
trance of York river, Virginia.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of Peter
H. Jonte.
By Mr. VOORHEES: A resolution of the
Indiana State University, in regard to military
instruction in literary and scientific institutions.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
The following notice for leave to withdraw
papers was given under the rule:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition and papers j
of Mary M. Polley, which had been referred 1
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions in De- i
comber, 1866, were withdrawn from the files i
of the House and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Wkdnesday, March 2, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Charles C. McCabe, of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of
compensating certain citizens of that State for
services rendered in the recruiting and organiz-
ing of troops in that State in the year 1862 ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of A.
Chapin, and others, citizens of Massachusetts,
praying the enactment of a law conferring upon
the medical officers of the Navy such relative
rank and privileges in the service as will pro-
tect them against the arbitrary conduct of supe-
rior officers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a petition for the
abolition of the franking privilege, all the sig-
natures to which are by legal voters of Rhode
Island and Connecticut. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented twenty-four peti-
tions of citiz'ens of Ohio, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mi-
nerva Lewis, administratrix of the estate of
Ezekiel Lewis, deceased, praying compensa-
tion for the steamboat Admiral, taken posses-
sion of by the United States authorities in the
spring of 1862, used by them as an ordnance
boat, and burned at Columbus, Kentucky;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
J. B. McCreary. of Kentucky, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of John
B. Boggs, praying compensation for property
taken, used, and destroyed by United States
troops in 1865; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petitions of Paul Mc-
Neel, George S. McNeel, William S. Beard,
J. M. McNeel, R. S. McNeel, T. C. Wooddel,
George Edmiston, and Andrew G. McNeel, of
Pocahontas county, West Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
J. D. Halyburton, of Virginia; P. R. Grattan,
of Virginia; N. G. Sanderson, of the District
of Columbia; J. S. Peck, of Virginia; William
Eggleston, of Virginia; J. C. Wade, of Vir-
ginia ; and C. I. Johnston, of Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of B. J.
Fuller, Ira Reynolds, B. H. Reynolds, Ira R.
Fuller, and W. H. Muller, of Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition, signed numerously and very
respectably by citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia, representing themselves to be residents
of the city of Washington, and humbly peti-
tioning " your honorable body to pass an act
for the suppression of dram-shops and regulat-
ing the sale of intoxicating liquors in the Dis-
trict of Columbia." I move its reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have several petitions
relating to the question of suffrage. These
petitioners represent that there are inequalities
that ought to be remedied, and they ask that
suffrage may be extended, without regard to
sex, to all citizens. I move that they be referred;
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motipn was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PBTITION8.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Two from citi-
zens of the United States.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of George
H. Corliss, praying for the extension of his
Eatent for improvements in steam-engines,
ave instructed me to make an adverse report;
and we have come to the conclusion to, ask to
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition. I desire to attract the atten-
tion of the Senate to tbe report of the com-
mittee. It may be that the conclusion of the
committee is not acceptable to some of the
members of the Senate. If there be no ob-
jection, however, they ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition,
and submit a report, which I move be ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 53) for the relief of Francis S. Mc-
Donald, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1258) to regulate the salaries of chief '
justices and associate justices in the Terri-
tories, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 124) granting lands in the State
of Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermilion lake, in said
State, reported it with amendments.
