1870.
THE OOJSTGrEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
2567
of £100,000, or $480,000. These bills would be
worth $480,000 in gold, which can be remitted
by the agent of the company in New York by
other bills drawn against shipments of cotton or
otherwise to the company's bankers; so that
this sum is placed in England by means of
the credit given by our merchants, and is there
used as needed.^ By redrawing before matur-
ity of the first bills of exchange and remitting
to take up the first from the proceeds of the
second bills, this sum of $480,000 can be
kept floating; and if it be necessary to build a
steamship the means can thus be provided by
the credit given by our own people. An
American company cannot do this, because
they have no bankers abroad who are simply
themselves under another name, but of one
and the same responsibility. Our steamship
lines can only be constructed upon the credit
and means furnished here. To construct a line
with the number of steamships required by this
line under this bill would take a capital equal to
that of any of the foreign lines before named,
or, say, $15,000,000.
Weltnow that all our great railroads, requiring
sachlarge amounts tobuild them,cannot be con-
structed by subscriptions to their stock, but must
be by credit or by bonds of the company, mort-
gaging the road and appurtenances, good tangi-
ble security. Hence it is folly to talk of capital-
ists constructing steamships by money raised
upon the stock of the company. Credit must
be used to an equal amount as in constructing
railroads. The security upon steamships is not
so reliable as upon a railroad, its rolling-stock,
and appurtenances. Something further will
be required than mortgages upon the ships in
order to sell the bonds running as long as
railroad bonds. For this reason the bill asks
for a credit upon a pledge of the State bonds
and the steamships, as heretofore slated, the
policy of which, 1 trust, has been fully vindi-
cated.
This argument in favor of granting the credit
of the United States in some shape to aid in
huilding up American steamship lines is of
general application to all the United States ;
but the Senate will pardon me for urging
another argument of special application to the
southern Stales.
Some sixty million acres of the public do-
main have been granted in aid of construct-
ing railroads in the northwestern States. No
one questions the wisdom of this liberal pol-
icy. The South as well as the North rejoices
in the common increase of the Republic, and
in the power and wealth resulting to the States
thus favored by the General Government. If
these more than princely donations of land
have enriched these particular States they
have also promoted the general prosperity.
May not we of the South in turn ask of the
Government, in the way provided in this bill,
aid in favor of the Mediterranean and Oriental
Steam Navigation Company, whose success,
though in some respects of special benefit to
the South, will, as before stated, add to the
strength and honor of the whole country. It
will confer especial advantages upon fourteen
of the sovereign States of the Union, and I
cannot bring myself to believe that any Sen-
ators upon this floor will oppose the passage
of this bill, but will give it God-speed as the
harbinger of a brighter era dawning upon the
Republic for the revival of her former com-
mercial greatness and renown.
] crave the indulgence of the Senate while
I urge the adoption of the amendment re-
ported with the bill by the unanimous concur-
rence of the Senate committee.
This amendment embraces three points,
which may be briefly stated :
1. To grant eighty acres of land for every
tons measurement of the ships built by the
company.
2. To grant six hundred and forty acres per
annum as a compensation for the support and
education of each American youth on board
its ships for the marine service of the United
States.
3, A grant of one hundred thousand acres
of the public lands situated in southern States
for each $100,000 of their bonds deposited
under the provisions of the act in aid of immi-
gration by these States.
In relation to the first point, it will require
for each vessel of the company of three thou-
sand tons measurement a donation of eighty
acres of land for each ton's measurement. I
think I have fully shown, in the course of my
remarks, saying nothing of the outlay of the
Government for the construction of war ships
of the class of the proposed ships of the com-
pany, that it costs the country a much larger
sum annually to keep in commission one of
its war ships; that this annual cost is at least
$365,000, or $125,000 more than the grant of
land at one dollar per acre, and $65,000 more
than the same at $1 25 per acre.
This difference in ten years, even calling the
land $1 25 per acre, will be $650,000, and in
twenty years $1,300,000. Can there be any
doubt on this point mi the ground of political
economy? There is, however, another con-
sideration rising above the value of dollars and
cents. The honor and dignity of the Republic
is at stake in building iron steamships in com-
petition with our great commercial rivals of
England and France.
Caii the Government refuse to make this
donation of eighty acres of land for each ton's
measurement in aid of this great policy, so
necessary to vindicate the honor of the coun-
try, especially when in a pecuniary point of
view it will save to the Treasury a large amount
of money?
But the equity of this grant of land in aid of
constructing the steamships of the company
will perhaps appear in its strongest light from
the fact that the cost of building a first-class
iron steamship^ in this country of American
materials and in American ship-yards against
the powerful competition of Great Britain and
Prance, will at the outset be at least $300,000
more than one of the same class built abroad. A
vessel of the character proposed by the com-
pany, built in this country, will cost $800,000,
while on the Clyde itcouldbe built for $500,000.
For this reason it is that we ask for this land,
to bear up the company against this powerful
competition. In a brief time, under the stim-
ulus given to American artisans, if the steam-
ships of this line are built, the ship-yards of
the North, as well as those of the South, will
be able to compete with those of England and
Prance. Besides, large expenditures \vill be
required to be made by this company to pre-
pare its ship-yards and a dry-dock at Port
Royal and for the necessary landing sites and
depots at Norfolk.
Certainly, Mr. President, Congress will not
impose upon private enterprise and capital the
great expense of initiating this policy so inti-
mately connected with the public good.
The Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Nav-
igation Company of New York is not incorpor-
ated exclusively to build, own, and navigate
steamships and other vessels, and for running
iron steamships between this country and Eu-
rope, the Mediterranean and India, via Suez,
but is, as well, a great emigrant company for
the introduction of emigrants into the south-
ern States. By the bill the company is re-
quired, with the consent of States, to establish
institutions like the Castle Garden emigrant
commission of New York, for the encourage- !
ment and protection of immigrants, in the J
harbors of Norfolk, PortRoyal, andBrunswick, i
and thus to accomplish for the South and ;
Southwest what the Castle Garden commission i
has done for the Northwest. The eminent I
success of the latter, as Secretary Seward de-
clared, "rendered a national bureau of immi-
gration at present unnecessary." The plans
of Castle Garden in its organization and regu-
lations, apprpved by more th^u twenty years'
experience, will be adopted by the company as
far as practicable at all of its depots in the
harbors named. The encouragement of emi-
gration from Europe is one of the main pur-
poses of this company.
This company will introduce by steamshins,
through its emigrant depots, and distribute
throughout the South yearly, more than fifty
thousand people. When the labor and expense
of collecting an army of this number of men
and transporting it a distance of a few hundred '
miles are considered, we may obtain some con-
ception of the magnitude of the great work
this company has in hand.
To gather together through its agencies in
southern Europe fifty thousand people yearly,
to etnbark and transport them safely with their
household goods across the ocean three thou-
sand miles, and again distribute them over the
length and breadth of the southern States, re-
quires the aid of a powerful corporation, of a
large number of employes, and millions of cap-
ital invested in steamships, emigrant depots,
agencies, and supplies.
Government lands—the title perfect, and the
method of purchase so simple as to be com-
prehended by the European peasant—will do
more to populate the South than all other
means combined. Wherever and in whatever
country the working classes are land-owners
the prosperity, independence, and welfare of
the; rural population advance in proportion to
their ownership of the soil. ''There is, in
fact, an indescribable something in the owner-
ship of land, and especially in the cultivation
of one's own land, that elevates, ennobles, dig-
nifies—something that has raised the European
serf and peasant of fifty years ago to be the
terror of kings and the main prop and support
of liberal government." The European work-
ing classes are ambitious to be land-owners.
It can be said that these people now emigrate,
not in proportion as they become poorer and
more wretched, but as they become more com-
fortable and better able to try their fortunes in
the New World.
For these reasons the Mediterranean and
Oriental Steam Navigation Company have
asked that certain of the public lands be placed
in their hands, to the extent of eighty acres for
each ton of iron steamship they may construct
for mail, freight, and emigrant business, as pro-
posed, with southern Europe; that patents for
these lands shall be issued in warrants of
eighty acres, which shall be located only by
the settler, and in quantities of not more than
one hundred and sixty acres to each. Thus,
instead of this steamship company becoming
a land monopoly through the land clause con-
tained in the bill, the fact is the company is
only the almoner of the United States, and
extends to the other side of the ocean, through
means of these land warrants, the homestead
law; makes that law operative and practical
there. The company asks for the lands in
eighty-acre warrants, showing conclusively that
it does not contemplate locating the lands for
itself, and holding them under patents, and
hence it cannot become a land monopoly.
When the emigrant reaches our country, by
law he can take up and become the owner of
one hundred and sixty acres of the public
domain. Why should not this steamship com- .
pany be granted lands for the purpose of plac-
ing the same in possession of the working peo-
ple of the better class on the other side of the
water, to induce them, by actual ownership
before leaving their present homes, to come
here and settle under these Government war-
rants on lands in the southern States ?_ What
the South wants and the country requires are
intelligent and industrious emigrants, with
their families. To obtain these we must hold
out inducements; and in no way better than
through the medium of this_ company and in
the way pointed out can this be done; that
is, by means of land warrants placed in the
company's hands, to give to the emigrant be-
