4456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,1
Parker to tlio deponent during the said royago satis-
fied the deponent beyond any doubt on his arrival
at the islands that these were not the islands which
the said Parker stated ho had before seen, and which
ho then expected to see; but that they were in every
respect, whether as to situation, appearance, alti-
tude, or sizo, different'islands, which had neverbeen
seen or visited by the said Parker at any time pre-
vious to this. That the said Parker gave the depo-
nent the latitude and longitude of the island which
he then sought and expected to find, and which he
said he had formerly seen. That he, the deponent,
sailed according to the said Parker's directions, ana
having arrived at the degree of latitude and longi-
tude indicated by the said Parker, he could and did
find no island or islands whatever; after beating
about from the said point for seven days the depo-
nent fell in with Johnson's Islands, andlanded upon
them on the 9th day of March, A. I). 1858.
"That the deponent as soon as ho arrived at tlio
said islands discovered that they were not and could
not be the same islands seen previous by the said
Parker, because the said Parker, during the aforo-
said voyage, had repeatedly stated that it was one
island of considerable superficial extent, and of such
altitude that it could bo seen at sea from the dis-
tance of twenty miles; whereas the deponent found
noi one island, but two islands situated closo to-
gether, each of very small extent, to wit, the one
about one and a quarter miles long by three quar-
ters of a mile wide; tho other about oue hall of a
mile long by one quarter of a imlowide; and that
from the deck of a vessel the highest of the islands
cannot be seen from a greater distance than eight
miles. And further, that the said Parker has stated
to deponent that there was no reef or reefs about the
island, and that a landing could be easily made on
the windward side, whereas deponent found the
islands entirely surrounded by reel's extending
northeastwardly and southwestwardly about twelve
miles in length, and that it was very difficult for
anybody to Jand on tho windward side of thoislands,
by reason of the heavy surf constantly existing on
that side ; and thai deponent was compelled to land
and did land on the leeward side of tho islands, as tho
only practicable place a landing could bo made.
And further, thai, said Parkci slated to deponent
that he had never been or landed upon the island as
described by him: .and in fact that the deponent
when he landed loiind no marks whatever ol any
former landing or possession having been made ur
taken of these islands.
" And further, the deponent on the day on which ho
arrived at the islands landed upon them at nine
o'clock a.m. on I he siimo day m his boat, with a crow
of two men, and that the deponent was the first person
who landed upon them at this time; and ho there
and then took possession of them for tho benefit of
the owners and charterers of the schooner Palestine.
That the said Parker landed from tho schooner as
aforesaid, in the second trip of tho boat in the after-
noon of tho same day, to wit, tlie day on which she
arrived at the islands. And further, deponent tie-
poses and says that ho has not now nor has ever had
any interest of any kind whatever in these inlands,
or in the deposits of guano upon them; bui that he
was theofficer in command of tho aforesaid schooner
on the said voyage, and received his monthly pay as
such officer. And further deponent says not.
"WILLIAM R. PEllRDIAIf."
This is certified to by (he notary public
before whom the affidavit was taken.
I have not time to read other papers here,
which, as I say, I have taken from the desk
since the debate began this morning; but I
think if this is a specimen you will all agree
that these papers ought to be carefully ana-
lyzed. The paper I have now read shows a
fraud in this case. There can be no question
about it. There is this affidavit, under oath,
of the person who accompanied this Captain
Parker, was on board the ship with him, and
conversed with him on the voyage to take
possession of this guano island, lie reports
the conversation ot the captain, and he shows
how it was all inconsistent with the island on
which they landed. How is that explained?
Is there any Senator who can explain it?
The answer will be that you give her the
rights of her husband ; if he had none, then
no rights are imparted. But is that the way
to play legislation—in the face of positive
allegations of untruthfulness and of fraud, to
come forward and to recognize a title which,
according to certain evidence in the case, is
of a value sufficient to pay the national debt ?
Why, sir, was thero ever such a jumble pre-
sented to the Senate as this—one set of pa-
pers placing the value of the§e islands at this
incredible amount, and the other showing that
the claim of this party begins in falsehood and
in ignorance and in pretension?
All that I ask, however, in this matter is
that there should be inquiry. I am unwilling
that the Congress of the United States, that
the Senate of the United States, shoufd go for-
ward and plant o-ur flag and carry our jurisdic-
tion to an (island in the Pacific without posi-
tive inquiry into all the circumstances of the
case.
The question deserves inquiry. It is not a
common case of claim ; it is not even one of
those ordinary cases which come from our own
Committees on Private Land Claims—a land
grant in our own country, all of which is under
our own eyes, if I may so say, and within reach
of testimony ; but it is far away, where there
is very little knowledge, and we are without any
positive evidenco showing the circumstances
of the case.
The Senator from Alabama reminds me that
there is an affidavit, contrary to the one which
I have now read. I have not seen it; it has
not been brought before the Senate. But is
not that a reason for an inquiry ? Here is
what the lawyers would call a lis pendens;
there is a trial going on, affidavits on both
sides, and the Senator who has .the bill in
charge mildly suggests that there is an affi-
davit to the contrary of the one which I have
now read. But the Senate is called to act,
knowing nothing on the subject, not hearing
the other affidavit, not knowing anything of
the merits of tho case, not knowing the pos-
sible complications that may grow out of it,
not knowing the possible injustice that we may
do to other and absent parties.
.Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not know
but that I am altogether out of my reckoning
here. I want to say, however, in reply to the
inquiry sot on foot bythe Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. as to whether I moved the amend-
ment which 1 sent to the table prompted by.
my familiarity with the papers m the case,
that I have humbly to confess that I was not
prompted from any such source. I do not
pretend (o any familiarity with the papers in
the case. From my experience here in the
Senate, J have been led to doubt whether it
was not advisable for a Senator to studiously
avoid •'the papers in thecase." lam inclined
to think that "the papers in the case" are apt
to act upon a Senator very much as a fog on
the sea acts upon a navigator. When the nav-
igator gets in to .the fog he is lost; and I am
very much afraid that the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, if he does not get out of
" the papeis in the case" pretty quick, will be
equally and hopelessly lost.
No, Mr. President, I had not seen a paper
in the case, but I had seen the statute' of 1850,
and my construction of that was that the Uni-
ted States had an interest in having the*fi/oofs
completed in the State Department. If Mrs.
Parker or some representative of Capiain
Parker shall not be allowed, and shall not be
also induced, to establish on the records of the
State Department tho fact of the first discov-
ery of these islands, what becomes of the title
of the United States? If these facts did not
exist, if Parker was not tho first discoverer,
who was? Any other American ? Tf no other
American, somebody else did. These islands
have been discovered ; they have been meas-
ured, and their locality ascertained. Some-
body has discovered them. The first discov-
erer is entitled to the ownership of them. I
should be glad, for the sake of my country, that
the fact could be established that an Ameri-
can citizen made the discovery.
Now, if Mr. Parker, or any representative
of Mr. Parker, says he was the discoverer, I
want to open the doors of the State Depart-
ment for him to file his proofs there, and if
every other man who ever sailed the Pacific
makes the same pretense I will open the doors
of the State Department for him to make the
proof, because 1 want, as an American citizen,
not as a friend of these individuals, for I do
not know them, but as an American citizen I
want the fact established that the American
flag or an American seaman or an Americau
citizen made this discovery.
I do not understand whether the Senator
from Massachusetts means to take one side or
the other of that question. If he says an Amer-
ican citizen did not make the discovery, then
America has no title, and he is defending^ the
title of some other Power. If an American
citizen did make the discovery, then whoever
that was is entitled to just such privileges as
the act of 1865 points out. It does not follow
that the representatives of that d:seoverer are
entitled to the same rights; and this bill is
upon the theory" that they are not; but Parker's
rights were not established because ho did not
complete his proof; and just to the extent that
he did not complete his proof he leaves the
title of the United States defective.
I think, as I said before, that the act of 1858
was inexpedient, was profligate. It gave a
right to the discoverer which is not warranted,
but such right as the Senator from Massachu-
setts figures up here. Because there is this
guano, so many million tons, it does not fol-
low that it will put into the pockets of the
discoverer so many million dollars. This
is not a royalty, to be paid for the deposit
where it i^, but the exclusive right to remove
and sell that guano to American citizens, to
the exclusion of all the rest of the world, and
sell it alongside the vessel where the tackle
of the vessel can take hold of it and deposit it
in the hold. It costs something to remove
that deposit from the place where it lies to the
vessel's side. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts is so familiar with "the papers in the
case" as that he can tell us not only the quan-
tity of guano upon each of these islands, but
can tell us how much per ton it takes to remove
the guano ffom the island to the vessel's side,
then perhaps 1 will change the figures in my
amendment. I thought, judging from the size
of the island, that the amount of four dollars
and eight dollars a ton was too much. I think
one half of that would be a liberal induce-
ment to the representatives of Mr. Parker to
complete these proofs. If they can complete
them, 1 want them to complete thera-^not for
their sakes, but for the sake of the United
States.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a single remark to
make in regard to the affidavit which was read
by the Senator from Massachusetts. I do not
know what other affidavits there are in the case:
but that affidavit proves to me conclusively
that Mr. Parker was the discoverer of that
island, for this reason : the individual who
accompanied him to that place went under
his direction to the place, and he was guided
by Mr. Parker to that particular place, and
found it, under his special direction. The only
objection was that the description given by
Captain Parker at some time did not corre-
spond exactly with what they found there.
Of course he had not explored the island
thoroughly ; lie did not know all about its shape
and form, and therefore did not know that there
were two islands. After he got there he made
a more thorough discovery than he had before,
and found out facts existing in reference to it
which he did not know to exist before. Although
the witness says he was not the discoverer of
it, his affidavit shows conclusively to my mind
that he was the discoverer, and 1 do not think
I should want any better proof than the affida-
vit itself to show that Certain Parker was the
discoverer of this island.
I have but one word to say in regard to the
amendment. I think it improper to fix a max-
imum price for guano, or any other article
whatever. It seems to me that that price
would be fixed better by its value in the mar-
ket than in any other way. If it is worth only
two dollars, or one dollar, the parties wili not
get more for it. It it should be worth four,
or six, or seven, or eight dollars, it will be
determined in that way.
Mr. VICKEES. I send to the Clerk, and
ask to have read, a letter from the examiner
of claims in the State Department. He refers
to the application of Captain Parker.
The PRESIDING OFFICEK. The paper
will be read.
