3512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
May 17.
iating a vanquished people. Does it, sir? What
little I know of statesmanship I have learned
from history. I believe it to be God's hand'
writing on the face of this earth of ours; and
what does it tell us ? In the first place what
does international law tell us ia the first duty
of the victor and the sole right—yes, sir, the
right of the vanquished ? Clemency. What
does history teach us of the effect of disabilities
and test-acts in other countries with whose story
we are familiar? Why, sir, we ought all to be
familiar with that old English 6tory. It has
come down to us from the boobs of oar boy-
hood. What has England gained by five hun-
dred years of disabilities and test-oaths for the
people of Ireland ? Has it created or raised
up there a loyal generation loving the Crown
and ready to rally around the union jack? No,
sir. Ireland tells the story to-day of the effect
of disabilities and test- oaths.-
What have they done for England herself?
They were tried after the revolution of 1688.
Go look at the statute-book of the reign of
William III. On every other page is a dis-
ability bill or a test-act; aad the throne of
William and Anne and the Georges tottered
year by year upon its foundations for two gen-
erations, and twice the eruption broke forth
in 1715 and 1745. Cannot we learn something
from history?
What did Austria make by her pains and
penalties and disabilities in Hungary? Noth-
ing bpt smothered rebellion; nothing but out-
breaking revolution. At last she gave Hun-
gary a free constitution and free representa-
tion, and peace reigns throughout the land.
I might go on, sir; but such a monstrous per-
version of history as the argument of the Sen-
ator from Indiana seems to me to need no
further refutation.
So, Mr. President, finally let us apply to the
people of the southern Statefe, black and White,
men always loyal and men once rebels, the
great principle which wa .declared in 1864
and 1856 was the foundation of our party, the
great principle which wa re>declaredto be that
toundation in 1868, the resting of all just gov-
ernment upon the consent of the governed.
Give a free suffrage to the South, white and
black, allowing whiteand black to vote for the
man who will truly represent them, and let
that man represent them here and everywhere,
so that here and everywhere, from all partt of
our great Republic shall com$ up men repre-
senting every feeling and every sentiment and
every interest. And God knows tha Republic
now is strong enough to bear the strain of all.
The Senator said there are dark times be-
fore us. Yes, sir; if this policy of repres-
sion, if this utter departure from tho princi-
ples of self-government is much longer to bo
maintained, there are dark times befpre us.
We cannot live and maintain a free represent-
ative Republic upon the principles whicli the
Senator from Indiana advocates. If we were
a despotism, if we were a centralized mon-
archy, if we had, like Napoleon, six hundred
thousand bayonets, we might do it. But we
are a federative, representative Republic. We
believe our institutions to be the best that God
in His providence has ever vouchsafed toman.
We long and struggle and strive for their pres-
ervation. The Senator from Indiana would
destroy their very foundation. He would have
no representation of half the population of the
South; for nomad of that half snail come here
to represent the whole, nor shall the whole
vote for any man of that half to come here for
that purpose.
And now, sir, to say end final word of my-
self. When I said yesterday that I was a Re-
publican, that I stood upon the foundation
principles of the Republican party, and that
in the views which I humbly Entertain I be-
lieve myself acting in accordance with that
which had been the guiding element of our
policy all through the last troublous fifteen
years, f submit to you, sir, and to the Senate,
1 have demonstrated that I was right.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I desire to say that I see no objection to
the amendment of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, as modified. It will be sufficient if both
lines are stricken out, and I will accept that.
Then it retains the whole section except the
last olause, so as to read:
That any person who shall hereafter knowingly
accept or hold any office under the United States,
or any State, to which he is ineligible under the
third section of the fourteenth article of amendment
of the Constitution oftheXJnited States, or who shall
attempt to hold or exercise the duties of any such
office, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
against the United States; and upon conviction
thereof before the circuit or district court of the
United States shall be imprisoned not more than
one year, and fined not exceeding $1,000.
Then there was another clause forever dis-
qualifying them from holding office, which I
shall consent to have stricken out. That mod-
ification, I suppose, will be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state for the
information of the Senate that when the House
bill on this subject comes here, unless the Sen-
ator from Nevada consents, I shall move to
pass over the pending bill for the purpose of
taking up the House bill and considering it in
the place of the pending bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can move
to amend this bill by substituting for it the
House bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give this notice so that,
as that motion would have to be decided with-
out debate, Senators may examine the House
bill, which is found in the Globe of to-day.
Mr. RAMSEY. Those of us in this part of
the Chamber have been unable to hear the
notiee that the Senator from Oregon gives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I state that when the
bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment, which
passed the House yesterday, reaches this body,-
if nobody else makes the motion, I shall move
to substitute that bill for the pending bill and
its amendments. I give this notice now so
that Senators may look at the bill as found in
the Globe and bo ready to decide upon it if
necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not examined it.
I should like to inquire, is it substantially the
same as the Senate bill ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is substantially the
tome as the Senate bill.
Mr. SUMNER. In what is it better than
the pending bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It differs in some respects.
Senators can examine it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that change will
not be made without a knowledge Of the House
bill. I have not had a chance to examine it
in full, but from what I have seen of it it does
not answer the purpose in many respects.
Mr. POMEROY. If theSenatpr from Ore-
gon moves it as a substitute for the Senate bill
it is only in the natdre of an amendment, and
th&rtvbole subject will be open to discussion.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer to go on with my
remarks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ido not make the motion
at this time. I give notice now of the motion
so that nobody may be taken by surprise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragin
in the chair.) The Senator from Oregon gives
notiee that at the proper time he will mo ye the
House bill aa an amendment. The Senator1
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I must con-
fess some astonishment at the Bpeech of the
Senator from! Connecticut this morning, as well
as at the passion he has displayed, and the bit-
terness that breathes through every word of it.
My attention was not called to his speech until
he had been addressing the Senate for a few
minutes; but I believe he began by complaining
that I had used certain language toward him in
my second speech yesterday which he construed
as impugning his motives and as anattackupon
him. I shall first address myself to that point.
The Senator made a motion yesterday to strike
out a particular section. I spoke to that mo-
tion, and, if Irememborcorrectly, did not allude
to him, and only to the motion he had made.
I referred to no opinion that he had ever ex-
pressed in the Senate, and so far as he was
concerned my argument was entirely imper-
sonal.
But, sir, he rose in some heat to reply to
me, and he made an attack which, I confess, I
thought was rather gross and uncalled for,
referring to my speech on the Georgia bill,
misrepresenting it, and saying that it was dis-
ingenuous, and I believe he used the expression
"a complete misrepresentation of the whole
condition of affairs in the South." Having
thus, without provocation, made anattackupon
me of that kind, he now complains that I have
assailed him. It looks very much like begging
the question, after he has entered into the arena
and made an uncalled for attack, then to get
up here and complain that I have assailed him.
He forgot that blows were to be received as
well as to be given. He thought it was his
privilege to attack me, and call the speech I
had made two or three weeks ago, and which
was not in question at all, disingenuous and a
complete misrepresentation ; and then when I
reply he gets up and complains that I—what?
That I assume to be the champion of Repub-
licanism on tho floor of the Senate. My answer
to that is that it is not true. I have never made
that assumption at anytime, and I have never
felt that I had a right to make it. I have spoken
warmly for the Republican party, and I feel
warmly in its behalf, and that may have excited
the ire of the Senator; but I have never been
guilty of any assumption of that kind, and he
can point to no speech of mine from which such
a deduction can be drawn. The whole state-
ment from the beginning was gratuitous, and
seems to have been made as an excuse for what
he was going to say afterward.
But the Senator told us two or three times
in the course of his'speech to-day, and once 1
think yesterday, that ne was a Republican. It
is well that he put that statement in, for in its
absence a stranger might suppose, and probably
would have committed the error of supposing,
that the speech was made by a Democrat, and
a very bitter one, at that.
Sir, what is the language that lie'complains
of? This is the part of my speech that I heard
him read, and if he read anything else he will
please refer me to it:
"Sir, tlio speech of the Senator from Connecticut
will suit the rebels in tho South romarkably well."
That is the first sentence that he complained
of. Is not that true? Wijl not his speech
here to-day suit them remarkably well? Is
there a rebel in the South who will not thank
him for it; and particularly the disfranchised
and disabled rebels? Will they not feel Jiko
taking him to their very embrace? That part
of my speech he cannot coinplain ot', surely.
Then I went on to say:
" It will suit tho democracy of the North remark-
ably well."
Is not that true? I ask if the Democracy on
this floor are not very well pleased with tho
Senator's two speeches? Can the Senator deny
the truth of that, that his speech will suit them
and will be published by them both North and
South? Why, sir, it breathed the very Spirit
of Democracy from beginning to end. I shall
not question the Senator's Republicanism; but
by those who read the speeches it will be re-
garded entirely of a technical character; that
he is a Republican because he says he is a Re-
publican, but from no other statement in the
speech. Then I went on to say:
"But, sir, the Union men of the South, wh® are
trembling for their lives and their property, and who
know that, notwithstanding the speeches that arc
made in the Senate of the United States, thoy have
but little security"—
Ah, sir, is not that true ? Is there a southern
Senator on this floor who will controvert the
truth of that statement ?
" that they are ostracized, socially, in trade, profes-
sionally, and every othor way, will not thank nim
for iiis speech."
