im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr, CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the public agri-
cultural lands in the State of California to
homestead and preemption purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, who were directed by resolutions of
the Senate to inquire into the organization of
the Legislature of Georgia and its conformity
to the act of December 22, 1869, and whether
any further legislation on that subject was
necessary, submitted a report; which was j
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whdnv wa? referred the bill
(S. No. 699) to amend an act entitled " An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses ofthe United States, and to j
fix the number of the members ofthe House of !
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States," ap-
proved May 23, 1850, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the. Revision of
the Laws j which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. OS BORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 608) for the relief of Cornelia D. Loring;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee en Claims, land ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKLINO asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 609) granting wild lands in the Territory
of Wyoming to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad at or near Chorch Butte station, in
said Territory, to the headwaters of 8mith's
fork, in the Uinta mountains, and to secure to
the Government free transit for postal matter, ■
troops, &o., over the same) which was read
twiee by its title.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I beg te say that this
bill is one whieh I have b61 examined, and
I introduce it by request for the fmrpose of
reference. I move that ft be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to;
Mr. HOWEL I ask leave to introduce a
bill at the request of two of the ekiefe of the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians.
; By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of
the Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians,
in the State of Wisconsin; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Cdmmittee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 144) for the relief of
James C. Sloo; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post fioads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave.to introduce a bill (S. No.
611) granting a penjfon to Martha A. Pruett;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, arid by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 612)
granting a pension to Nimrod P. Ginger; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
african slave trade.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following reso-
lution and ask to have it printed, giving notice
that I shall call it up to-morrow morning:
Hfolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate what, if any,
measures are being taken by this Government to
aisist in suppressing the traffic in slaves now carried
on on the coast of Africa; also, the number and
names of the judges and consuls that have been ap-
pointed to positions along the coast: what amounts
nave been paid to them; what functions they per-
fd^t80 er t^6y r8side at or near thoir posts
And it further rttoUtei, That the President be
requested, to transmit to the Senate copies of any
reports that may have been reoeived from time to
time showing the extent to which the traffic in human
beings is now carried on,-as welt as the nationality
of tho vessels chiefly engaged in it; also, whether it
has been brousrht to the notico of tho Government
that our flag was extensively used as a safe means of
protecting those engaged in the traffic.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on tho
table, and be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1007) to establish certain post roads.
The message also announced that the House
had p&ssed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 179)
to extend the time for withdrawal of distilled
spirits now in bond in distillery warehouses;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
enrolled resolution signed.
: The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 124) to amend an
act entitled "An act for the relief of Henry C.
Noyes;" and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
phelps paine.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was requested by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. brownlow] to call
up Senate bill No. 512, that will probably take
but a moment to pass. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 512) for the relief of Captain Phelps
Paine was read theseoond time, and considered
aa in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the payment to Captain Phelps Paine of
$2,030 30, in full payment for services ren-
dered as sergeant major in the months of No-
vember and December, 1861, and as first lieu-
tenant and aide-de-camp from the 1st, day of
January, 1862jto the 25th day of March, 1863.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Military Committee
have thoroughly examined the case, and are
satisfied that the claim ought to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
northern pacific railway.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 121.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. ,
No. 121) authorizing the Northern Pacific ;
Railroad Company to issue its bonds for the !
construction of its road, and to secure the same
by mortgage.
Mr. POMEROY. I was remarking the other
day when this resolution was up before, and I
was interrupted by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, that while I had no objection to and,
indeed, was really in favor of the passage of
this measure, yet I thought the previous grant
of land was so large that we could hardly be
justified in enlarging it. The Senator fromx
Michigan, however, has represented, and sev-
eral other Senators have represented, that the
lands then granted have been occupied and
taken by settlers since the grant was made, and
that although this resolution does not grant
any additional number of acres, still it gives
the company facilities to get that number in a
section of country where they were not entitled
to obtain lands when the original law was
passed.
I do not know the facts in this case. It is
possible that the statement may be true; but
the company had a right, I think, under the
law to have the lands withdrawn from market
upon filing a preliminary map showing the line
of the road. If they had that right and the lands
were withdrawn, then all that were granted are
now secured to them. If they failed to file
that map, and have thereby lost their land, it
may be their misfortune; but whether the Gov-
ernment should make it up to them on account
of any neglect of theirs is a question not easily
decided; but I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion that they ought to have filed a preliminary
man and had the land withdrawn from market,
and in that way secured what was granted to
them in the original act.
This going so far from the line of their road
to make up deficiencies is an unusual privi-
lege ; and indeed the whole grant was unusual,
but it was given generously, and I think intel-
ligently,, too, by Congress in 18G4, because
they were to have nothing but the land. The
Northern Pacific railroad was a great enter-
prise, and yet men conceived the idea of build-
ing it without subsidy from Congress other
than a grant of alternate sections of land;
and with a generous spirit we granted forty
sections of land to the mile in alternate sec-
tions, leaving the even sections to be occupied
by settlers. I thought that that was abundant.
I thought it was all that could reasonably bo
asked. But now the Senator represents, and I
suppose it is true—I have not investigated it,
but I have no doubt of the truthfulness of the
statement—that settlers have taken it to a
considerable extent. This provision allows
the company to go to a greater width than they
were authorized in the original act to make up
these deficiencies. It is, of course, for the
Senate to decide. The bill has not been before
my committee and I have not examined it
specially; but I am rather adverse myself to
enlarging such a grant.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I said
before, the amendment which it is proposed to
strike out does not enlarge the grant originally
made;, that is, as originally contemplated in
the charter of 1864. It does not increase by
a single acre the real quantum of land which
was promised to the company by the charter.
This is all I think it necessary to say. The
fact that the lands have been taken from time
to time by settlers, by preemptors, and home-
stead owners, is one which of course woald
occur to the mind of every Senator. Whenever
it is supposed a line of road is about to run,
or will ran, settlers are likely to go and squat
on the lands and take them under the preemp-
tion act or homestead act. All the bill con-
templates is to make good to the company the
arrangement which the Government entered
into in 18G4, as to the quantum of land to be
given to the company. I hope, therefore, the
motion to strike out will not prevail.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator ought to be
njindful that the Government did not agree to
make their whole grant perfect. It never does
that.. When you grant alternate sections for a
railroad you simply grant what the parties can
get. It is never supposed that the grant can
be made full. I have known cases where mil-
lions of acres were granted on paper and they
did not get a thousand, because the land waa
occupied, and the; acquired only what there
was. That is all we pledged ourselves to do
in this grant, to give the company what there
was.
Mr. HOWARD. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the magnitude of this enterprise and
its necessity as one of the great railroads of
the United States, and I ask him whether he
will higgle with the company as to the quantity
of land which they are to take ? Is he not
willing to give them enough to enable them to
accomplish this great national work? I know
he is.
Mr. POMEROY. I said to the Senate that
this was a great national work, and in that
respect it overcame the objection I should have
urged against such a grant to any ordinary
enterprise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to have it
understood that this is an exceptional case.
So far as I am concerned, I believe that Con-
gress ought in all cases where a grant of this
kind is made to a railroad company, to make
up the deficiency to the company to a reason-
able extent. Now, it very often happens that
