5100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator occupying the chair
desires to state that on this question he is
paired with the Senator from Vermont, the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions, [Mr.
Edmonds.] If he were here the Senator from
Veunont would vote "yea," and the Senator
occupying the chair would vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cra-
!;in, Davis, Gilbert. Hamilton of Xcxu*, llowo. How-
ell, Johnston, MoCrecry, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
ot Vermont., Patterson, Pratt, Koss. Saulsbtny,
Stockton. Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Vickors, Wil-
lev. and Yates—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, .Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Brake, Fenton,
llatnlin, Harlau, Harris, Howard, Kollogg, McDon-
ald, Morton, Nye, O.-born, Pomeroy, Kamsey, llice,
llobertson, Sawyer. Schura, Scott, Sherman, hprague.
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and
W i l.-'on—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cattell, Conklins, Udmunds, Ferry, I'lanasr.ui, Pun-
ier, Hamilton of Maryland, Lewis, Norton, Pool,
ltevels, and Spencer—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. As that vole was to be con-
sidered a test vote on the bill, I hope we shall
now have a vote on the passage of the bill, or
else that we shall take up the Army bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that the vote will
be taken now on the bill. I agree to waive all
discussion myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. If this debate is to go on
I must ask that this bill be laid over informally
in order that we may take up and pass the
Army appropriation bill, and then this bill can
be taken up again. There must be a commit-
tee of conference on the Army bill, and it is
important that it should be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If this bill
is passed over the bill to prohibit contracts for
servile labor comes up next in order.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can pass the
Army bill in half an hour or so.
Mr. SUMNER. With that understanding
with my colleague I shall not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
business in order is the bill (S. No. 973) to
prohibit contracts for servile labor.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that also may lie
over informally in the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have one thing
at a time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to
pass over the pending bill, and also the bill to
prohibit contracts for servile labor, which is
the next business in order, with a view to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill. Is there objection V The Chair
bears none.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire again to renew the
notice that when this pension bill is disposed
of, I shall ask the Senate to consider the pen-
sion bill of which I gave notice when this one
was taken up.
bmdg15 across bio wabasii river.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the permission of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I desire to make
a report from a committee. The Committee on j
Post Olficcs and Post Roads, to whom was |
relet red the joint resolution (H. R. No. 231)
granting the Evansvilie and Southern Illinois
Railroad Company the right to build a bridge
across the Big Wabash river, to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage ; and if there be no objection I should like
to have it considered now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that joint reso-
lution wi 11 be pa ssed at once. It is simply giv-
ing the right to build a bridge across the Big i
Vv abash river to a railroad company. I under- ;
stand the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] j
has examined it, and has no objection to it.
Mr. ItAMSEi. There is no objection to it l
iu any quarter, and it might as well be dis-
posed ot now.
Mr. WILSON. Well, if it can be done by
unanimous consent I shall not object.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to grant to
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company, a corporation organized under an act
of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, the
right to construct an iron or wooden bridge for
railroad purposes and as a public highway,
eifcker with a draw or a continuous span, as it
may determine, across the Big Wabash river at
any point the corporation may select, either at
the little chain, in or opposite White county,
Illinois, and Posey county, Indiana, or at any
point above the same, extending up the river
as far as the town of New Harmony, in the
county of Posey and State of Indiana; and
should the railroad company hereafter at any
time consolidate with the Evansville, Carmi,
and Paducali Railroad Company of Indiana,
or any company now organized or hereafter to
bo organized in the State of Indiana, that the
rights and franchises hereby granted are to
inure to and become vested in the consolidated
company and its assigns forever ; but the bridge
to be constructed under this authority is not to
interfere with the free navigation of the stream
beyond what is necessary in order to carry into
full effect the rights and privileges granted, and
is to bo built at right angles with the currentof
the stream where the bridge may be erected,
and a space of at least one hundred and seventy
feet over the main channel of the stream is to
be left between the piers of the structure. If
the bridge shall he built with a draw of not less
than one hundred feet in width, and the draw
is kept in repair for the passage of boats at all
times, the detention of passing the bridge is not
to be construed as interfering with the naviga-
tion of the stream ; and the bridge is to be
considered a legal structure, and be a post road
for the transmission of the United States mails.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORTON subsequently entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution was passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the reason for that ?
Mr. MORTON. I will .say to the Senator
from Minnesota that upon examination I find
that this measure is entirely defective in one
particular. It can be corrected, but unless it
is corrected it will destroy the navigation of
the Wabash river.
Mr. POMEROY. My attention was not
called to it.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say iu refer-
ence to that, as I took some part in having
the joint resolution passed, that ] understood
it had been submitted to the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. RAMSEiY. It was; and he gave his
assent to it.
Mr. MORTON. I did not then notice one
clause of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wished to state
that fact as a justification for my taking part
in the passage of the joint resolution. I sup-
ported it on the supposition that the Senator
from Indiana had looked it over.
Mr. RAMSEY. The member of the House
who had the matter in charge submitted the
joint resolution to several of the Representa-
tives of Indiana, and they gave their assent.
Mr. MORTON. I can show the Senate in a
moment that this joint resolution, as it stands,
authorizes the destruction of the navigation of
the river.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the joint resolution was placed on the Calendar.
reports ok coiijjitxdes.
Mr. Ni'E, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George C. Bestor, of Peoria, Illinois, praying
additional compensation for expenses incurred
in constructing the iron-clad steam battery
Shiloh, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1051) for the relief of
George C. Bestor.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. Ii. No. 2370) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 20G1) to compensate the officers and crew
of the Kearsarge for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama, reported it with
amendments, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER,from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Williams Barker, de-
ceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1052) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain Williams Barker, deceased, Sarah L.
Spring, and Harriet Spring.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That Richard P. Hammond have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That Allen Rutherford have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 1605) to authorize the President to
accept the resignation of judges of any court
of the United States, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1604) making
appropriations forthe consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and tbev
wore thereupon signed by the Vice President":
A bill (II. R. No. 1604) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending .June
30, 1871, and for other purposes;
A bilHII. 11. No. 1857) for the relief of
Lot S. Boyless. administiator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 101-1) to relieve the estate
held by Louis M. Edge from succession and
stamp tax;
A bill (II. R. No. 2092) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the liseal
year ending June 80, 1871 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2180) to establish a port
of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 100) amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain oificera of the Army, apptoved July 20,
18UG; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2S0) making
an appropriation to pay the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland in accordance with
the award of the commissioners appointed
under trc&tyol July 3, lotj'i, to settle the claims
ot the Hudson Bay Company and of the Paget
Sound Agricultural Company.
