i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
818
necessary taxation for this purpose, and for the
support of the Government and the payment of
pensioners, they will submitwithout murmur
or- eomplaint, as they have in the past years
endured untold sacrifices to save their country
and. preserve ibeir institutions and liberties.
Bat, sir, speaking, as I know I do, the feelings
pftbe people of Iowa, whom I have the honor
in part to x'epresent upon this floor, and as I
believe of the masses of the people in all parts
of, the country, the Government must be con-
ducted upon principles of economy and frugal-
ity, apd the expenses reduced to the lowest
possible standard consistent with the efficiency
of the public .service and the honor of the
nation. To this end I am satisfied that our
worthy and honored chief Executive will lend
all his influence and cooperation, but he can
do bu.t little without the cooperation of Con-
gress. The great responsibility will rest upon
this body. •
- The country expects this Congress to do its
daffln this.respect, and I sincerely trust it will
not bedisappointed. I am well aware,sir, that it
is easier to preach economy than itis to practice
it. • I am aware that it is exceedingly difficult
to resist the pressure brought to bear here in
every conceivable manner in favor of each of
the thousands of claims urged upon us, many
of them appealing strongly to our sympathy,
our generosity, our gratitude, and our friend-
ship ; many of them small in amount, it is true,
and yet all making a vast aggregate, and from
the claim for twenty per cent, addition to the
wages of thefaithful, hard-working, and worthy
clerks in the Departments to the claims for
subsidy of untold millions by joint railroad
corporations, all urged with persevering indus-
try, all have their friends on the floor and in
the lobbies, -and all are demonstrated to be
just and right and consistent with true econ-
omy ; and yet if all were allowed the Govern-
ment would be bankrupted. It is our duty
sternly toresistthis general onslaught upon the
Treasury ; arid if we are not willing or compe-
tent to discharge our duty in this respect the
people should and will send those here who
are. It is much easier to spend money than it
is to earn it, and we should remember that
every dollar of the money we appropriate, often
with lavish and generous hand, comes from the
hard earnings of a laboring and heavily-taxed
people.
I desire to be understood, Mr. Chairman, that
I do not advocate a stingy, parsimonious, and
miserly policy; that is one extreme. Between
that and prodigality there is a golden mean of
true, wise, and just economy, which I do advo-
cate. There is one class of expenditures here-
tofore made pretty liberally which I trust will
be entirely discontinued. I refer to the expendi-
tures in the shape of subsidies to railroad com-
panies. In my opinion it is the settled con-
viction of the people that not another dollar
should be voted for that purpose. We have
now issued and outstanding bonds granted
as subsidies to railroads to the amount of
$62,625,000, and this in addition to grants of
public land to railroad companies to the enor-
mous amount of one hundred and eighty-two
million acres, being an area equal to five times
that of the State of Iowa.
This whole subsidy practice is wrong, m my
opinion, not warranted by the Constitution or
the principles and theory of our Government,
and all the specious arguments made to show
that the people are indirectly benefited by tho
expenditure as much or more than the amount
given are mere sophisms. The reverse is the
fact. It is taking the money from the pockets
of the many to enrich the few, and aiding to
build up powerful monopolies, always oppress-
ive in their character, crushing out by their
power all opposition and all competition and
paralyzing the true interests of the country.
It is true these subsidies are in the shape
°f a loan to be repaid to the Government,
yet I apprehend that no one believes that
they will ever be repaid to the Government.
I regard them in substance as a gift to the
companies, and I have no doubt they so regard
them ; and the action of Congress in 1864 re-
leasing the lien of the Government upon the
Union Pacific railroad, which lien it held as
security for the bonds issued, would lead a
reasonable man to suppose that Congress had
no intention of looking to the company for the
payment of tho bonds. I never could under-
stand the reason of this surrender by Congress
of the only security the Government had for
the vast amount of money given that company,
and it is a striking illustration of the power of
these rich corporations. I think we may as
well make up our minds to lose what we have
given, but for myself I say no more railroad
subsidies, no more robbing of the people to
enrich a favored few.
Another measure of wise and just economy
which I desire to urge upon the attention of the
House is to put an end absolutely to the pur-
chase of foreign territory. We paid to Russia
for the purchase of Alaska near ten million
dollars in currency. I believed at the time that
that purchase was unnecessary and inexpedient,
and yet through the wrongful acts of a reckless
Chief Executive, who, after the ratification of
the treaty and before he obtained the consent
of this House, took possession of the territory
and hoisted our flag over it, we were placed
in a position when to refuse to consummate the
transaction might have placed the Government
in an equivocal position in the eyes of other
nations; and anxious that nothing should bo
done to lay this Government liable to the charge
of bad faith the House thought it better to
pay the money; but I trust that no Executive
will ever repeat that violation of law and duty.
In the debate at that time I took occasion to
say that in no case thereafter would I vote for
an appropriation of money for the purchase of
territory, whatever the circumstances might be,
unless my judgment sanctioned the propriety
of the purchase, and such, I think I can safely
say, was the general feeling and determination
of the House; and my own conviction is that
there is no foreign territory the acquisition of
which would be so valuable to us as to justify
the appropriation of money for its purchase.
Sir, what do we want of more territory? The
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in his
exceedingly able and valuable report just issued,
informs us that we have now 1,831,998,400
acres including Alaska, and excluding Alaska
1,465,468,770 acres, and of this amount on the
1st of June, 1868, there was but 496,884,754
acres surveyed, leaving yet unsurveyed, exclu-
sive of Alaska, 968,584,016 acres, or nearly
two thirds of the entire area yet unsurveyed.
Now, sir, with this extent of unsurveyed and
unsettled territory I see no pressing necessity
for any further purchases, and I think it more
wise and prudent to spend our surplus money
in the improvement of the land we have. The
country is informed unofficially, and there is
no doubt of its truth, that an agreement was
entered into, I will not call it a treaty, on the
24th of October, 1867, between the President
of the United States and the King of Denmark
for the purchase by the United States of the
island of St. Thomas, for which it was agreed
that the United States shall pay to Denmark
for said island the sum of $7,500,000 in gold,
which would be equivalent at this time to over
nine million dollars in currency.
This island consists of about forty-four square
miles of rocks, earthquakes, and volcanoes;
indeed, we are informed by the authorities of
Denmark, as an excuse for delay in a vote
taken by the people of the ^island as to their
ratification of the agreement, that tho delay
was caused by earthquakes, which compelled
the postponement of the election, and yet for
this island we are to pay $320 per acre if we
carry out that agreement. The agreement has
not yet been acted upon by the Senate. What
action that body may take is immaterial, for
if I do not misunderstand the feeling of the
House no appropriation can be obtained for
its payment. For-one I shall never consent to
vote a dollar for that purpose; and I deny iu
to to'' the power of tho President and the Senate,
without the consent of the House of Representa-
tives, to incorporate foreign countries and for-
eign peoples into this Government. It they
can admit St. Thomas they cao admit St.
Domingo, aijd Moxico fch® South Ani6xic ift
States. This power is not included in the
" treaty-making", power, and in no sense ue-
ducible from it; and most explicitly do I deny
the power of the President and the Senate to
appropriate money from the Treasury without
the consent of the people's Representatives;
and this the last'House of .Representatives
solemnly declared, after full discussion on the
Alaska purchase, by a majority of two to one
in a full vote; and, sir, the sooner this mania
for the acquisition of foreign territory is put
an end to the better for the country.
I trust the motto of this House will be mil-
lions for the defense of what we have, bat not
one cent for the purchase of more.
Sir, the Republican party has now the abso-
lute control of the Government; a great respon-
sibility rests upon it. As a member of that
party I desire to speak plainly, for I shall not
be a party to any breach of good faith with the
people. We all know that in the canvass when
this Congress was elected our speakers and
our newspaper organs were profuse in their
promises of economy and retrenchment, and
now, sir, it is our duty, and it is expected of
us, that these pledges shall be made good.
I see by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the estimated expenditures for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, exclusive
of pensions and Indians and interest on the
the public debt, is as follows:
Civil and miscellaneous   Sfi0.Q10.060
"War Department  50,000.000
Navy Department   18,000,000
Total $128,000,050
I do not desire at this time to go into an
examination of the items included in the total
estimate. I regard all of these amounts as too
large, more especially the first two. By cut-
ting down the expenses of the Army I have no
doubt the cost of the Department of War for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, could be
readily reduced to $33,000,000 without impair-
ing the efficiency of the service ; indeed, I see
the Secretary of War has himself reduced tho
estimates of his heads of bureaus very mate-
rially, so much so as to reduce the sum total to
$34,500,000. But little more reduction would
be required to bring it down to the sum I sug-
gest ; and I speak of this, Mr. Chairman, with
the more pleasure as the gallant and distin-
guished soldier who occupies that responsible
position, and who thus with stern and unflinch-
ing hand applies the principles of economy and
retrenchment to the Department of War, is a
citizen of Iowa, and a fair specimen of the live
young Republicans of the Northwest. I trust
he will persevere in this course, and I know he
will receive the thanks of the entire country.
I am aware, sir, that the difficulties with the
Indian tribes for the past few years resulting
in an Indian war has materially increased the
expenses of tho War Department. But I hav<-
no doubt that the course pursued by the pres-
ent Administration toward those unfortunate
beings will soon put an end to all difficulties.
Had the Indians been dealt with honestly and
fairly there would have been no difficulty, but
for years they have been robbed and plundered
by thieving agents in a manner and to an
extent disgraceful to a civilized and a Chris-
tian people.
If the Government but enforces honMtv
and good faith in us dealings with them then-
wiU be no difficulty. For myself I have in this
Indian question more faith in the Bible than I
have m the sword, more confidence in '-good
faith and fair play " than I have in violence
cruelty, and coeiuion ; and the history of i/tl.
difficulties and war with the Florida
