1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3513
Nor will they. Are they not ostracised pro-
fessionally, in trade, every way? Do not thou-
sands of them tremble for their lives and for
the security of their property ? Is not- the tes-
timony concurrent and overwhelming, that so
far as the courts are concerned in several
southern States, they furnish no remedy to a
Union man ? In several of the States they can
scarcely collect a note of hand, a plain account,
nor can they punish a man for murdering a
member of their family. Such a punishment :
has not been inflicted in any of those States.
Can he, dare he deny these things?
The Senator says things were very much i
exaggerated down at Brunswick, in Georgia;
and the drift of his speech is that the Union
men of the South have no cause to complain;
that there is safety, there is peace there. That
is the impression the Senator seeks to make
upon the country. I take broad issue with
him. Oh, sir, it is cruelty, it is inhumanity
that cannot be exaggerated, to say that the
Union men of the South ate in a position of
security, of peace; that they have the ordinary
remedies of the courts for their rights and for .
their wrongs.
Now, Mr. President, upon the subject of gen-
eral amnesty I desire to define the Senator's
position. I wish to bring it out of the indefi-
nite sea of talk and general declamation and
bring it right down to the point, and see what
it means and what it amounts to. He wants
all disabilities removed, and every southern
man, no difference what may have been his
crimes in Tegard to the rebellion, made eligi-
ble for office ; not only to vote, but to be voted
for, for the highest office in the land. To
come down to particulars, he wants Jefferson
Davis made eligible to retarn and resume his
seat now occupied by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi who is before me, [Mr. Revels. ] If
the Senator's policy is adopted, and Jeffer-
son Davis lives, he will return here and take ,
his seat, legislate for this country, and exercise
a powerful influence in directing our affairs, i
That is one of the direct and most probable con- j
sequences to result from the Senator's policy.
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator allow me s
to ask him a question? !
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. i
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he thinks the ascendency of j
the Republican party in the State of Mississippi j
hangs npotf so sleflder a thread as the mere j
feet that Jeff. Davis is under disability?
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no; I-do not think any-
thing of the sort-, but I think, the way things
are going, in all probability the Democratic
party, the rebels, will come into power in the
State of Mississippi. I know that will be the
case if the policy of the Senator prevails; and
then, if Jefferson Davis is eligible to take a
seat on this floor, they would trample down
every other man ia that State to send him back-
here ; and the Senator from Connecticut, ac-
cording to his speech to-day, would take him
by the arm and lead him up to your desk, sir,
to have the oath administered.
Tben take another case.- There is John C.
Breckinridge, once the Vice President of the
United States, who is covered by the exclu-
sion of the fourteenth amendment, like Davis.
He would have him authorized to return and
take a seat on this floor.
And so with Toombs in Georgia ; and so
with hundreds;of men who can be pointed out
who were prominent in bringing on the rebel-
lion. The Senator wants all disabilities swept
away at once, that these men may be returned
to take part in the Government of the United
States. Now, sir-, we have a clause in the
fourteenth amendment that authorizes the Con-
gress of the United States to remove the dis-
abilities of any of these men. We are disposed
to do it whenever any of them signifies that he
has become loyal, or desires to sustain the
Government. I am prepared to vote to re-
move the disabilities of any of them who Will
give ns his assurance in sincerity that he in-
tends to sustain the Government of this coun-
try; but I will never do it for one who is not
willing to give that assurance. The good meii
among them will give that assurance. The
men who are entitled to return here are willing
to give that assurance. It is those who are
persistently rebellious, and who hate this Gov-
ernment in their hearts, who ^ill not give the
assurance; but they are the men of all others {
whom the Senator from Connecticut wants
relieved, so that'they may come here and take ;
part in this Government.
A southern Senator said to me to-day, "I j
am willing to relieve disabilities when the war
is over." Sir, the war is not over, and will not !
be over until there is peace and security for j
Union men in the South. It will be time i
enough then to consider this question. But,
sir, while murder stalks abroad at noonday
and at midnight, while there is no peace or
security for the great body of the Union men
in the southern States, I regard it as wicked
to propose to restore those men to power and
bring them back to make laws fbr this country.
Mr. President, I spoke yesterday of the in-
justice of relieving theae'men of tneir disabil-
ities and restoring them to political privileges.
I Baid- they had been guilty of crime; it was :
not punishment, it was a mere disability, the
result of crime. That is the effect, but it is
not what we call punishment. The Senator
confounds the two things. I said it was the
grossest injustice to the Union men, it was a ;
violation of every principle of justice j1 but the
Senator takes the other ground, and says it is
the grossest injustice to so-called rebels to
refuse to remove their disabilities.
Sir, taking his argument to-day, I cannot
understand how he ever wore the uniform dur-
ing the war. His argument is that there is no
crime in rebellion ; that is what it amounts to.
If your argument is right, sir, every man who
fell upon the battle-field by your Bword was a
murdered mfin. If you were right, sir, during
the war, then you are all wrong now in your
argument. If you are right in yonr argument
you were very wicked in the war. You have
argued to-day that these men have been giiilty
of no crime ; that it is the grossest injustice to
keep them out of the exercise of political rights 5
that we are doing wrong; that we are acting
wickedly in so doing. Sir, what is the Iogte
of it? That rebellion is no Crime ; that treason,
is no crime. Th® Senator has juatviedrebel-
lion by his speech to-day. Aby sir^ if I felt
as he does I would take My seat on the other
side of this body. No; that is not patting it
strong enough; he oughtto array himself upon
the side of those who have steadily denounced
this Union and denounced its defenders. Sir,
if he is right in his argument to-day there is
more work for him to do. Why doeB he not
move to repeal the law that pensions Union'
soldiers, or else to include the rebel 6oldiers
in it? They saw®&P iee ; they saw hard service:
they wor6 guilty of no crime; they have done
no wrong; if you keep them out of power yt>u
are wronging them, aceordingto his argument; j
and how can you conciliate them and do justice
except by pensioning them as we pension our \
own soldiers ? That is the result of all he said, |
and this is what it is coming to; If his arga- ;
ment does' not clean that it means nothing j
at all. ' _ . j
Why, sir, look at the comparison that he
made here to-day. What was it? He eom- i
pared the rebels of the South to those rebels
in England who might be fighting against a
particular member of the rdyal family or ft par-
ticular house that was claiming the Crown. He
compared these men and the leaders who were
seeking to destroy this great and free; Govern-
ment of ours in behalf of slavery to those who
might follow the house of Lancaster or the
house of York, in which there was no princi-
ple involved; and he says as they granted am-
nesty so ought we to grant amnesty. Oh, sir,
how weak that comparison I How completely
this would strip the rebellion of all crime ! How
does it elevate the moral position of these
rebels to compare them with men who were
fighting, not against liberty, not against a re-
public, but in behalf of a royal family that they
thought was entitled to the Crown, instead of
some other family that was actually in posses-
sion of if?
But, sir, how far short does the comparison
come t 1 ask if in all those cases the conquer-
ors did not punish the leading rebels? Look
at the executions; look at the beheadings.
Why, sir, he is as false in his history as he is
in his argument. So far from granting amnesty
to all of them, the leaders were always pun-
ished, and then the rank and file were pardoned.
Is not that the history of it?
But, sir, what does he do? He compares
the rebels against this Republic to the Hun-
garian patriots, the men who were struggling
against the most terrible tyranny in Europe.
He compares these patriots to thp rebels that
were straggling against this Republic and to
make slavery perpetual. It all goes to strip
the rebellion of any crime; it strips it of any
immorality. These men are just as good, they
were doing just as right, in a moral point of
view, as those who fought upon our. side! The
rebels of the South and the patriots of Hun-
gary are put upon the same basis! And the
rebels of the South and the adherents it may
be of the house of York are put upon the same
baste 1 -
The whole argument, from first to last, is in
the drift of the Democratic party; and that is,
that there was no criminality in the rebellion;
that the men who made this war, who brought
it on arid'who carried it on, are just as good,
as patriotic, and as much deserving of the con-
fidence and esteem of this Government as the
men who fought to sustain the Government:
and all this within five years of the end of the
war! Yet the Senator tells us that he is a
Republican, f shall not question that; but
those who'are'.curious On that subject I will
ask to read his speech.
Why, Mr. President, there is no mistaking
the drift of all this ; but I want po say One'tford
here inf referent^ to Georgia. The Senator
says there is a reason/for the troubles &eor-
 fl .1 IVMXVM A(\HA«IV1 .n^l^ ♦ /v rMTtll. mftL.
afterward intimate that reason was 1' Why,
sir, that-there is corruption down there' on the
part of the Republican leaders and officials.
I-shall not now enter into a discussion of th^t
subject. It ^as not becoming in him to &ay
So at this particular time. There have been
somfecharges made,and they have been referred
t(i a committee of th)s body; and rintil.that
committee reports, it was entirely becoming
sjnd proper for him to remain silent npon that
^abject. He does notkn6w whether the charges
are frue or not. If that Committee, fehall find
that the charges are true I shall be prepared to
go as far 11s the furthest in condemning them.
But he, without knowing, adopting the rumors
that are in the papers,- and most of them I am
informed come from Tebel sources, intimates
that Republican officials' and those in charge
of a, Republican State government are guilty
of corruption. t
Ah, Mr. President, he can justify the rebels
of the South and enter into an argument to
prove that those who ate embraced, in the;
fourteenth amendment particularly are our
friends. The fourteenth amendment is par-
ticularly unfortunate, as it happened most
strangely to embrace those who are the true
patriots and friends ofthe Repnblican party
and leaye out those who are our real enemies !
That is his argument. While he sees things
clearly in behalf of the rebels he is willing to
rush to conclusions against a Republican gov-
ernment in a southern State. I will jrot enter
into tljat question now; I shall Waif.until t"iu
compiittee reports. It may turn-otat that Re-
publican officials doWn there have been guilty
of gross corruption ; and if that so turns out
