1870.
THE CONGBESSIOtf AL GLOBE.
5401
AMENDMENT Olf HOMESTEAD ACT.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Massachusetts to pass a little
soldiers' bill which will take but a moment. It
is House bill No. 2052 to amend the homestead
acts.
Mr. WILSON. What is it about ?
Mr. ROSS. It is a bill authorizing dis-
charged soldiers to take a quarter section of
land within railroad withdrawals under the
homestead act.
Mr. WILSON. Will it lead to any debate?
Mr. ROSS. I think not.
Mr. POMBROY. They can take eighty acres
now, and this bill proposes to allow them to
take one hundred and sixty.
Mr. ROSS. As the law now stands anybody
can take eighty acres, and this bill will allow
discharged soldiers to take one hundred and
sixty acres.
Mr. WILSON. Well, let it be read, subject
to objection by any Senator.
Mr. ROSS. Certainly.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
thai every private soldier and officer who has
.served iu the Army of the United States dur-
ing the rebellion for ninety days, and remained
loyal to the Government, and every seaman,
marine, and officer, or other person, who has
served in the Navy of the United States, or in
the Marine corps or revenue marine, during the
rebellion for ninety days, and remained loyal
to the Government, shall, without the payment
of any fee or commission to any register or
receiver of any land office, be entitled to enter
one quarter section of land, not mineral, of
the alternate reserved sections of public lands
along the lines of all the railroads, or other
public works in the United States, wherever
public lands have been or may be granted by
acts of Congress, and to receive a patent there-
for, under and by virtue of the provisions of
the act to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, and on the terms and conditions
therein prescribed ; and all the provisions of
those acts, except as herein modified, are to
extend and be applicable to entries under this
act. And every person entitled to the benefit
of this act may locate one quarter section as
herein provided, at his option, in one entire
quarter section or in not more than two sub-
divisions of a quarter section riot more than
five miles apart. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office is authorized to prescribe
the necessary rules and regulations to carry
this act into effect and determine all facts
necessary therefor.
Mr. POMEIIOY. There are some amend-
ments reported by the Committee oil Public
Lauds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very important
bill.
Mr. WILSON. If there is to be any debate
upon it, 1 shall have to object.
Mr. POMBROY. As soon as the amend-
ments reported by the committee are concurred
in, I think no one will object.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. AVILSON. I am told there will be
debate on the subject. I therefore ask to go
on with the Army bill.
Mr. POMBROY. Then I notify the Senator
that 1 shall move it as an amendment to the
Army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects, and the bill can-
not be considered at this time.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the objec-
tion if the bill is not to take any time.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
is withdrawn, and the amendments reported by
the Committee on Public Lands will be read.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I renew the objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I made an objection to that
bill. I have not read it, and it is a very im-
portant measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and it goes over.
ORDISR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a few mo-
ments. I desire to get a vote on a bill which
was nearly concluded at the session last night.
Mr. WILSON. That will lead to discussion.
Mr. THAYER. If there is any discussion,
I will not press it; I will allow it to go over.
Mr. WILSON. What is the bill?
Mr. THAYER. Senate bill No. 510, grant-
ing land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Sioux City, in Iowa, to Columbus, in
Nebraska, which was under consideration last
night. The Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
seuly] wishes to submit an amendment to it,
which I shall accept.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can get through
with the Army bill in half an hour.
Mr. THAYER. This bill will only take three
or four minutes. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 510.
Mr. WILSON. If it leads to any debate I
shall have to object.
Mr. THAYER. If there is debate upon it
I will let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska moves that the Army bill be
laid aside informally, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 510.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought to go on in
regular order. If this request is granted, other
Senators will ask the same thing.
Mr. WILSON. I shall have to object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2082)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was on page 1, lines nine and ten, to
reduce the appropriation for the pay of the
Army from $11,707,000 to $11,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, to add
after the appropriation for the pay of the Army
the following proviso:
Provided, That so much of section six of an act
entitled " An act to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of tlieUnited States," approved
July 23, lSUli, as authorizes the enlistment and em-
ployment of Indian scouts, is hereby repealed.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that on further
reflection the committee have determined to
oppose that proviso, and 1 hope it will not be
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proviso
will be regarded as withdrawn if there be no
objection. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is withdrawn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to withdraw
my objection to the consideration of the bill
which the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross]
desired to take up; at the same time, I wish
distinctly to avow that under no circumstances
will I vote for the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The with-
drawal is not in order at this time.
Mr. WILSON. Isendto the Chair an amend-
ment, to be inserted as additional sections.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec.—. And, be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent he, and he is hereby, authorized and directed,
on or before the 1st day of J uly, 1S71, to reduce the
number of enlisted ruen in the Army to thirty thou-
sand, and thereafter there shall be no more than
thirty thousand enlisted men in tile Army at any one
time, unless otherwise authorized by law.
Pr<\ —. And be. it further en ded. That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorised, at his discre-
tion, honorably to disehargo from tho service of the
united states, officers of the Army who may apply
therefor on or before the 1st of January next; and
such officers, so discharged under the provisions of
this act, shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the
pay and allowances duo them at the date of their
discharge, one year's pay and allowances.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discre-
tion, to place on the retired list of the Army, on their
own application, any commissioned officers who have
been thirty years in the service, and the officers who
may be retired by virtue oi this section shall be
entitled to the same pay and emoluments as are now
allowed, or may hereafter be allowed to officers
retired Iroin active service.
See. —. And be it further enacted, That the proviso
of the sixteenth section of the act approved August
3,1861, limiting the number of ofiicers on the retired
list to seven per cent, of the whole number of exist-
ing officers, be, and the same is heroby, repealed;
and hereatter the number of officers who may bo
retired in accordance with existing laws shall be in
the discretion of the President^ J'/ovuUd, That the
whole number on the retired list shall at no time
exceed throe hundred.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the offices
of General and Lieutenant General of the Army shall
continuo until a vacancy shall occur iu tho same,
and no longer; and when sueh vacancy shall occur
in either of said offices, immediately thereupon all
laws and parts of laws creatine said office shall be-
come inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this act,
from thenceforward be held to be repealed.
Skc. —. And be itfurther enacted. That no appoint-
ment to tho grade of major general shall be made
until the number of ofiicers of that grade is reduced
below three, after which the number of major gen-
erals shall not exceed three.
Sec. —. And be 11 further enacted, That no appoint-
ment to the grade of brigadier general shall be mado
until tho number of officers of that grade is reduced
below six ; afterwhich the numberof brigadier gon-
erals shall not exceed six.
Sec.—. And be it f urther enacted. That the grade
of regimental commissary in the several cavalry regi-
ments is hereby abolished; and the lieutenants now
holding the appointments of regimental commissary
may bo assigned for duty to companies of their regi-
ments, and shall fill the first vacancies that may
occur in their respective grades of first or second
lieutenant in the regiments to which they now be-
long ; and nothing herein contained shall aifeet their
relative rank with other lieutenants of their grade.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the grades
of regimental commissary sergeant and regimental
hospital steward are hereby abolished. The num-
ber of corporals in each company of cavalry, artil-
lery, and infantry shall be reduced to four; and tho
said non-commissioned ofiicers shall have the privi-
lege of receiving an honorable discharge, with lull
pay and allowances to the actual date thereof, if they
shall so elect, in preference to remaining in tho ser-
vice in such other grades asmay be assigned to them
by'the Secretary of War.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the General
of the Army, commanding officers of the several mil-
itary departments, and chiefs of the several staff de-
partments of the Army shall, as soon as practicable
after the passage of this act, forward to tho Secre-
tary of War a list of officers serving in their respect-
ive commands deemed by them unfit for the proper
discharge of their duties from any cause exceptinju-
ries incurred or disease contracted in the line of their
duty, setting forth specifically in each case the cause
of such unfitness. The Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and directed to constitute a board to con-
sist of one major general, one brigadier general, and
threo colonels, three of said officers to be selected
from among those appointed to the Army on account
of distinguished services in the volunteer ioree dur-
ing the late war, and on recommendation of such
board the President shall muster out of the service
any of tho said officers so reported with one year's
pay. But such musterout shall not be ordered with-
out allowing such officer a hearing before such board
to show cause agamst it.
Bl:c. —. And be it farther enacted, That all vacan-
cies now existing, or which may occur prior to the
1st day of January next, in the cavalry, artillery, or
infantry, shall bejillcd in duo proportion by tho
supernumerary ofnceis, having reference to rank,
seniority, and fitness, as provided m existing law
regulating promotions in the Army. And vacancies
now existing in the grade of second lieutenants, or
which may occur prior to said date, may be filled by
the assignment of supernumerary first lieutenants;
and officers so assigned shall take rank from the date
of their original entry into the service. _
Sec. —. .1 nd.lc itfurther enacted, That if any super-
numerary officers shall remain after the above pi o-
visions areeamod into eifecttheyshall befuiloughed
without pay, until they are assigned to fill vacancies
occurring m the cavalry, artillery, and infantry regi-
ments; or they shall be discharged with one year's
pay and allowances.
Sec. —■. And be itfurther enacted, That the profess-
ors of the United States Military Academy whose
serviee in the Army and at tho Academy exceeds
thirty-five years shall have tho pay of colonel, and
those whose like scrviec is less than thirty-fi'/e, but
exceeds twenty-five years, shall have the pay o£
lieutenant colonel; and all other professors shall
have the pay of major ; and hereafter there shall be
allowed and paid to said professors ten per oeut. of
their current yeaiiy pay for each and every term ut
five years'continuous serviee: Provided, That sueh
addition shall m lio ease exeoedforty per cent, of said
