3514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
we shall be united in their condemnation. Bat
if it shall turn out, on the other hand, that thev
have been hunted down for the purpose of
destroying their influence and power and for
the purpose of giving power and prestige to
the rebels of the South, then the Republican
party, I am sure, will regret it.
Ah, Mr. President, he refers to the fact that
certain Senators and certain Legislatures in the
South have talked in favor of general amnesty.
I can understand a good part of that, and I in-
tended to tell my friend from Alabama [Mr.
Wauxer] yesterday that he was committing a
great mistake; and he will find it 60. These
rebels, old politicians, are all anxious to be re-
lieved of their disabilities, and they are looking
to a Republican Congress to do it, and they are
cajoling Republican Congressmen, and they
are kind and friendly ana flattering until the
thing is done; but when it is done, and they
are invested with political power, they will hurl
defiance in the faces of the men who have done
it. No, sir; lam not mistaken about the char-
acter of the great body of the men who are
embraced in the fourteenth amendment I
believe that you, sir, [Mr. Cragin in the chair,]
took a part in the enactment of that amend-
ment. What was your idea? That that dis-
ability would cover the cases of most of the
old politicians, those who had been in office
before the war, who had taken an oath before
the war to support the Constitution of the
United States, as members of Congress, Gov-
ernors of States, and those in high official
position, the men whose criminality was the
greatest?
The fourteenth amendment was intended to
embrace that character of men. But it seems
now, according to the argument of the Senator
from Connecticut, that you made a great mis-
take ; that that class of men above all others
are the innocents, are the men who desire to
be in close and fraternal relations with the
Republican party and with the Government
of the United States, and that the real enemies
of the Government are left out. Sir, I do not
believe a word of it. Now and then you will
find a man embraced in that category who in-
tends to become loyal or is loyal; and when-
ever he has that feeling he will say so, and we
will remove his disabilities; but where you
find one of that kind you will find five hundred
who are no more malleable than cast iron,
which cannot be bent. No, sir; that is the
character of the great mass of those men;
and it cannot be changed by the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. President, I have spoken longer than I
intended when I began. I did not commence
this controversy with the Senator from Con-
necticut ; he began it himself. As I said
before, my first speech yesterday against his
motion had no word of reference to himself
that I can remember at all; and I have looked
over the Globe since he began to speak this
morning and I can find no word of reference
to him. I said nothing that was intended for
him ; but he afterward referred to me in lan-
guage that was gross and unprovoked, and after
I replied to him he comes here this morning
like a young gentleman slightly under age,
and makes his plea that I had attacked him.
No, sir; I did not begin it, and when the Sena-
tor begins an attack, an unprovoked and unjust
attack, while I have the strength and the truth
on my side he will find me ready to respond.
So far as his general sentiments are concerned,
expressed here this morning, leaving out what
he lugged in about the Declaration of Inde-
Eendence, I abhor them. I abhor the spirit of
is argument. It is the argument that begot
the rebellion; it is the argument that justifies
it. The spirit of the rebellion breathes through-
out his entire speech.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1293) to enforce the rightsaf citizens of the Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States of this
Union who have heretofore been denied that
right on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
bill which has just come in from the House
read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was about to inquire
if it would he printed as a matter of course
without any motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
after it is submitted by the Chair. It has not
yet been.
_ The bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union who have
heretofore .been denied that right on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I move that it be printed,
and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut and the Senator from
Indiana somewhat dispute between themselves
as to which of their positions and speeches
here best fuit what both designate the south-
ern rebels. The Senator from Indiana, if he
desires to resurrect the doctrine of State rights,
if he desires to resurrect the doctrine of seces-
sion, if he desires to resurrect the doctrines
which he says he abhors so much, has made
just the speech on this occasion to produce
that effect.
Mr. President, if all the southern white men
are disfranchised and not allowed to hold seats
on this floor or upon the floor of the other
House, if they are not permitted to sit on the
bench of the united States courts, if they are
not' permitted to be consuls, if they are not
permitted to be foreign ministers, if they are
not to look to this Government for any of its
rewards, ambitious men in the States, men
who desire to have a voice in the formation of
the laws and public affairs, have but one place
to look to, and that is to their own States. If
they are denied the right to be heard on this
floor, then they must be permitted to go, and
they will go, to a place where they can be
heard; ana that is to the Legislature of their
own State, to the judiciary of their owa State,
and to those theaters for the exhibition of their
powers, for the exhibition of their faculties,
and for the outlet of their desire to take part
in public affairs.
Now, what can contribute more to drive the
affections, the wishes, and the hopes of the
people of the southern States from the United
States than to say to them, "Although you
are citizens of this Government, although you
pay taxes for the support of this Government,
although you must bear arms in its defense,
one great right which belongs and ought to
belong to every citizen is denied to you; and
that is the right to be a Representative of your
people, the right to make the laws which you
are required to support and obey, and the right
to haye a voice in the legislation of your coun-
try, and a share in its honors and emolu-
ments." The natural effect, the inevitable
effect of that will be to drive all the young,
ambitious men to the only theater which is
open to them; it will cause to revive in their
bosoms that old feeling of State rights, that
old love for State sovereignty which the war
was intended to eradicate and has to a certain
degree crushed out.
Can the man in the South who is unable to
have a seat on this floor have the same regard
for the Government as the man who is allowed
the emoluments and the privilege of aiding in
the administration of the affairs of the nation?
Can he have the same feeling for it that he
would have if he were allowed to come forward
and take a share in public office, public debates,
public legislation? Undoubtedly he cannot.
Mr. President, surely the natural result of
this course will be that every man in the South
will look, not to this Government, but to his
State, with reverence and love, as the place
which is to honor him, the laws and history of
which he has studied and understands, the
offices of which he has filled and of the tradi-
tions of which he is proud. These are the
things which attach a citizen to his country,
and the country which denies these things to
its citizens rejects their love.
It is not only the case with the present gen-
eration, but with the rising generation; for if
my son should say to me, " Why are you not
a candidate for Congress; why are you not
upon the bench of the court; why are you not
a foreign minister; why are you not a consul ?''
And I would reply, " Because, although I am
a citizen of the United States, I cannot hold
office without taking what is called the test-
oath ; I am not permitted to do it." What do
you plant in the heart of that boy? Do you
plant there affection, the love for the old flag,
for the United States? No, sir; you plant in
his bosom the seeds of inextinguishable hatred
toward that Government which disfranchises
the person most dear to him. The child will
not stop to reason; he will not stop to think
whether or not his father was right or wrong;
he knows that the man ha.reverences most on
earth is by this particular Government dis-
franchised and kept out of all participation iu
governmental affairs ; and his affections, his
regard, his patriotism do not go to that Gov-
ernment, but to the one by which his father is
permitted to take part in public affairs.
Mr. President, I do not think that the peo-
ple of the North understand or have ever under-
stood the feelings, the ideas, and the desires
that animated the southern people in the late
struggle. We have a complex form of gov-
ernment ; we have State governments and we
have the United States Government. The peo-
ple of the South and many people in the North
were educated long ago, from the very founda-
tions of the Government up to the period of the
war, to believe that they did not owe any alle-
giance to the United States; that they owed
obedience merely to the laws of the United
States; that their State was the government to
which they owed allegiance; their State was
to them the government to which their hearts
should go out. To them the Constitution of
the United States was merely a compact by
which was created an agency to enable the
several States to carry on foreign relations and
other matters of that sort; that it was not a
Government in the sense we now understand
it, but an association of States for the purpose
of carrying out a certain class of powers best
exercised by it and not by the States. The
allegiance of the people, as they understood
and then felt, was dae to the State and to the
State only, and when the question came to
those people of siding with the United States
or siding with their State, it was a question not
of rebellion against the United States with
them, but of rebellion against their own State.
In taking sides with their own State they did
not think they wero rebelling against lawful
authority. On the contrary, their idea was that
any other course would be a course of rebellion
against the power to which, and to which only,
they owed their allegiance. That being the
case, that being the feeling which animated a
large part of the people both North and South,
and much the larger part South, the term
"rebel'' in the offensive, in the criminal sense
in which it is attributed to them has no appli-
cation. They resisted the power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; they resisted
its authority; but they resisted it for the pur-
pose of sustaining and upholding the govern-
ment to which they thought their allegiance
was due, and which they thought it was rebel-
lion to resist.
Therefore, I say, Mr. President, that the
criminal intent which belongs to the term
"rebel," as used on this floor and elsewhere,
did not adhere to the people of the South, or
most of them. In the sense of resisting the
United States Government, undoubtedly they
