2570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
able iron ores that may be found on the route
in the western part of the line may all belong
to this company, as well as the most valuable
coal mines.
Now, what I first wish to call the attentiou
of the Senate to is that these grants are quite
enough to build and equip that road, even at
the Government price of the land. You give
to the road its right of way four hundred feet
wide, far more than it can have any necessity
for. You give it all the materials it needs.
You give it all the ground it needs for work-
shops, depot-statious, water-stations, and the
like. You give it all that as a gift, and in
addition to that you give it land worth at the
lowest Government price $32,000 to-the mile,
and that to build a road which can be built
more cheaply than any road of equal length
could bo built on the face of the globe. Yes,
sir; more cheaply than any road can be built
on the face of the globe of equal length, because
nature has graded the wholo of that road from
the Ilocky mountains to Lake Superior. Any
man who has passed over the Union Pacific
road has seen that nature has done the grading
for all these Pacific roads. From Omaha to the
foot of the Rocky mountains there is scarcely a
cut three feet deep, scarcsly a fill three feet
high, and we are told by the engineers who
have been over this Northern Pacific road that
the route is better and the road can be more
cheaply built than could the Union Pacific. It
is a dead level plain almost the wholo ol' the
way; no grading to be done, no deep cuts, no
great, fills, no expeuse in bridging, but all that
is to be done is first to dig the place for the
ties, put them down, and put the rails upon
thorn.
The average cost of the railroads in Ohio,
of the three thousand and odd miles in Ohio,
with all their equipments, with all their expens-
ive depot stations, water stations, and the like,
has been about fifty-two thousand dollars to the
mile. Ofthat expense a very largo portion was
occasioned by the necessity of buying the right
of way through a highly cultivated country;
another large portion of it by the necessity of
buying grounds for depot stations, water sta-
tions, warehouses, cattle yards, and the like;
and still another large portion of it by the
necessity of fencing their roads required by a
statute of the State. And yet with all these
elements of cost, and with the immense equip-
ment they have, four or five times as much as
this road will need for ten or twenty years to
come, the average cost of the roads in Ohio
perfectly equipped, and the most of them fenced,
according to the last report of the railroad
commissioner of that State, made in Decem-
ber last, was §52,000 to the mile ; and that
with no gift at all of the right of way ; no gift
of materials, no gift of sites for water stations,
depots, cattle yards, orthelike ; nothing of this
kind whatsoever; and with an equipment en-
abling them to do the business of the railroads
ofthat State, the great transit State, as it may
be called, in the railroad system of the United
States.
Why sir, I affirm, and affirm without fear of
successful contradiction, that the grants made
by the cbarterof this company to the company
will defray every dollar of expense of building
and equipping the road, so that the result of
the whole thing issimplyth.it the Government
builds and equips this road and gives it to a
private corporation. Say what you will about
it, argue as much as you please upon it, talk as
much as you choose of the advantages to the
country of the road, the simple, naked result
of the whole thing is that the Government
builds and equips the road and gives it to apri-
vate corporation to he a monopoly in the hands
of that corporation. That is the whole of it.
Mr. President, before we shall grant further
privileges to this private corporation, before
we shall bestow upon it further gifts, it seems
to me we should have good reasons for what
we do. When I spoke upon the general sub-
ject of railroad giants the other day I gave
the figures from some estimates I had seen in
unofficial documents of the amount of the
grants made by the Government of the United
States to railroad companies. I find upon ex-
amining the official documents that those esti-
mates were far too low ; that the grants were
far more than I had supposed they were. Why,
sir, what have been the grants to the Pacific
railroad companies alone? To four Pacific
railroad companies what have been the grants,
the Union Pacific, the Central Pacific, the
Northern Pacific, and the Atlantic and Pacific,
four roads ? They are, as the Commissioner
of the General Land Office reports in his last
report, which is on the desks of Senators,
one hundred and twenty-four million acres,
nearly as much land as there is in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and
Michigan. Five times as much land as there is
in the State of Ohio lifts already been granted
to four railroad corporations. In addition to
that, fifty-eight millionacres have been granted
to other railroad corporations, making one
hundred and eighty-two million acres in all,
a grant in the aggregate more than the entire
territory of what wo used to call the "Great
Northwest,"
And now, sir, it is proposed to go still
further and make an additional grant and give
additional advantages to this road, the North-
ern Pacific, which of all roads has been the
greatest beneficiary of' the Government.
That, is notall. The promoters of this road,
when they asked for itand asked fortius enorm-
ous grant of land, such a grant as never had
been made before, professed that with it, and
without any money subsidy, and without any
mortgage of the road to defraud anybody, they
would go on and make the road. They pro-
fessed extreme honesty, I infer from the char-
ter that was passed giving them this grant, that
they would not put any bonds upon the market
by which anybody could bo deceived or by
which the road could bo sold out. They would
not ask any money subsidy from the Govern-
ment at all, but they would raise the necessary
capital and go on to build the road, and rely
on the land subsidy to reimburse themselves,
together with the profits of the road.
Now, sir, what is it that they ask? They
ask that Congress shall authorize them to make
a mortgage, not simply upon the road, but
upon every dollar's worth of propety, real,
personal, or mixed, that they own; and jiot
only that, but upon their corporate franchises
and franchise of being a corporation. Jt'that
mortgage is given—a mortgage given befoie
there is one single shovelful of earth dug out,
before there is anything done whatever ; a
mortgage put upon this road without any lim-
itation whatsoever as to the price tor which
the bonds may sell—what, I ask, will bo the
ultimate fate of the road under such a mort-
gage—a mortgage unlimited in amount under
which $200,000,000 of bonds may be put upon
he market without any limitation whatsoever
as to the price for which they shall sell or the
interest which they shall bear ? Docs not any
man who has the least experience in the his-
tory of railroads in this country know that
there can be but one outcome to such a mort-
gage as that., and that is the sale of all this
property under that mortgage and its purchase
by a ring in the company itself? That is the
common history of railroads—the sale of every-
thing under this mortgage and a purchase by a
ring among the stockholders themselves. That
is to be the long and the short of it.
After the profits that shall have resulted from
manipulating the bonds, after the commissions
that shall have been paid to some banker or
broker, perhaps an interested individual in the
concern, after bo shall have squeezed the orange
and got all he can get out of it, in the end the
whole thing will go to sale under the mortgage,
and all the properly belonging to this company
and given to it by the Government will become
the property of a ring in the corporation itsi-lf,
and treed from its liabilities because cold under
the prior lien of the mortgage. Then those
who are creditors to that company, thea those
to whom it has become indebted, may whistle
for their pay. This ring will have the road and
all its property under the prior lien of the
mortgage, and the stockholders who are not in
the ring and the creditors who are not secured
by the mortgage may whistle for their pay.
But, sir, there are other considerations that
make this measure much more objectionable
to me. They are the same general considera-
tions that I spoke of the other day when speak-
iug upon tho Oregon bill. I object to this
immense monopoly of land. Forty-seven mil-
lion acrcs of land, as much laud as is embraced
in the States of Ohio and Indiana—and that
grant is to bo enlarged if this resolution shall
pass—are placed in the hands of this company,
if this resolution shall pass and this charter
shall stand as it is, and a deed is to be given
the company without any restriction whatever
either as to the persons to whom thoy shall sell,
the price for which they shall sell, or the timo
when they shall sell.
Now, sir, it is with a view, if we cannot pre-
vent these land grants, of remedying the evils
that must grow out of such a monopoly as that,
that I have proposed the amendment which
has been read; and also in order to guard tho
interests of the United States in some particu-
lars that 1 think need our attention. I do not
ask by this amendment that these conditions
shall be forced upon the company. The com-
pany may agree to them or not agree to them.
If it agree to them, they become binding upon
it. If it disagree to them, then tho only effect
will be that it will take nothing under this reso-
lution.
Now, 1 wish somewhat in detail to call the
attention of Senators to the necessity of this
amendment. The amendment I have pre-
pared reads as follows—I will take it up con-
dition by condition:
And tho rights and privileges hcroby conferred
upon paid company and tho grants of land hereby
made to it aroconferred and made upon tho follow-
ing express conditions, to wit:
First. That tho alternate sections of land hereto-
fore or hereby granted to said company, (exccpt such
portions thereof as shall bo laid out by said company
m town or city lots, and such portions thereof as shall
ho used by it for depots, ditches, water-stations,
round-houses, coal, wood, lumber, ;iml cattlo yards,
sites forworkshops, and other buildings or structures
necessary for said road or branch road,) shall be sold
by said company to actual settlers upon tho same,
and to no other person or persons; and no such set-
tler shall bo entitled to purchase more than one hun-
dred :md si.tty acros thereof, nor shall lie or those
ctniminK undor himrecoivo adeed therefor until tho
samo shall liavo boon actually occupied by him, or
by him and them, at least two years.
The first objection that will be made to thi.s
1 take to be that it applies to the grant here-
tofore made as well as to the alternate sections
granted by this resolution, if it shall pass, and
therefore it may bo said it is interfering with
the rights already vested in the company. In
tho first placo J have to say that this company
po far does not appear to have acquired any
iight.s to this land. On the contrary, accord-
ing to the opinion of the Attorney General, an
opinion which I had in my hand a little while
ago, but which I handed to another Senator,
no right t.o the land is vested in a railroad com-
pany under these land grants uutil a survey is
actually made and the map thereof filed in the
Department of the Interior. I understand that
this company has not made such a survey nor
tiled such a map.
If that be the case, then its right to this land
is simply inchoate ; it never has become per-
fect. 11 does not appear that the stockholders
of this company have ever subscribed any great
amount, of stock. It does not appear that they
have ever paid a dollar upon their stock. It
does not appear that they have ever invested
anything in this enterprise. It does not appeal-
that it is anything so far but a mere paper com-
pany; and if that, is the case it would be no
violation of the rights of the company, no vio-
lation of plighted faith, if wo were to repeal the
grant out ami out. If that is the case it is cer-
