5402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 9,
yonrly pay; nnd said professors are hereby placed
upon the *Mme looting as regards retirement irom
lu-t vo seivice as otiicers of the Array.
fcix. —• And be it further enacted, That the pay
and allowances of the enlisted men of the Anny
shall remain as Uiosainc were fixed bylaw, on and
j/uor to J anc 30, 1870, until ihe 3Uth of June, 1871;
ntui it shall be unlawful lor any oiiicer to use any
enlisted man as asorvant iu any ease whatever.
JSko.—. And be it jurthcr emitted, 'lhac section two
of tho act uiuiiJcd "An act making: ,;pprupii.il«ons
tor tnc support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1808, and for other purposes," appioved
j.M.ueh.2, 16(57. be, and the sumo is heioby, repealed.
Sfo. —. And be it further enacted, Thai the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to drop from the rolls of the Aiuiy lor
desertion any officer Who is now, or who may here-
alier be, absent from duty three months without
leave; and any officer so dropped shall lorleit all
p.iy and allowances due or to become due, and shall
not be eligible lor leappjintment.
Sue. —. And be it Jurtlwr emtueii. That it shall not
be lawful lor any ollieer oi the Aimy ot me United
States on the active list to hold any oml olhce,
wnethcr by election or appointment, and any such
olheer accepting; or exercising the 1 unctions ot a civil
otiiee shall at once cease to be an ollicei' ol' the Ariuy,
ami In* commi>sion Mi,ill be vacated thereby.
Sko.—. And be a juither enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be eon&ti tied to pi event tnc assignment
to duty, a? additional second lieutenants, of the
graduates of the Military Academy.
Skc. —. And be it Jurther enacted, That the Secre-
taiy of Wai shall prepare a sy&tem of general regu-
lations for the administration of the affairs of the
Army, which, when approved by Congress, shall be
in lorce and obeyed uniil altered oi levoked by the
samo authority; and said regulations shall bo re-
pui ted to Congress at Us next session: Provided, That
said regulations shall not be inconsistent with the
laws of the United States.
Skc.—- And be tt Jut ther cnacted, That the Secre-
taries of War and the Navy bo, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed so to arrange the comae of
Mudifs and the order of recitations at the Military
and Naval Academies that the students m said in-
stitutions will not bo required to pursue their studies
on tne Sa.bb.nh.
Sec.—. And be it jurther enacted* That from and
niter the passage of this act the Secretary of "War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to peiuntone tiad-
iny establishment to be maintained at any military
on the frontier not in tne vicinity of any city or
town, when, iu his judgment, such establishment is
neuUed tor theaccouunodation of emigrants, fioi&ht-
ei>, and other citizens; and the persons to maintain
Mich trading establishments shall be appointed by
him: J*iovidedt That such traders shall be under
piutcetion and military control as camp-followers.
Tne joint resolution approved March 30, 1867, to
authorize the Commanding (General of the Army to
penult traders to remain at certain military post's is
hereby erpealed.
Sko.—. And be it further enacted. That any retired
othcer may, on his own application, bo detailed to
sei ve as profes&or in any college; but whilo so serv-
ing such officer shall be allowed no additional com-
pensation.
Si':c.—. Audbe it further cnacted, That the pay and
emolmm'nisot the officers of t lie Army shall be as fol-
lows: the pay of the (-ieneral, Lieutenant (General,
major general, and brigadier geneial atiaii continue
a.s now provided by law ; the pay of colonel shall be
&3.;>0U; the pay of lieutenant colonel shall be ^3,OUO ;
thopayot major shall be b'l,oUO; the pay of captain,
mounted, shall be ^2,000; the pay oi captain, not
mounted, shall bobi,bUU: the pay of adjutant shall
be -M ; the pay ot regimental quartermaster shall
be $L,bOU; the pay of liist lieutenant, mounted, shall
be £ 1,000, the pay ot lir&t lieutenant, not mounted,
shall be s-i.OoO; the pay ol second lieutenant, mount-
ed,.'•hall be the pay oi second lieutenant, not
mounted, sha.il beCd,40.J; the pay of chaplain shall
bccd,40J; thei>;iyot nid-do-eauip to major general
shail be $200 per annum in addition to pay of his
rank; the pay of aid-de-camp to brigadier general
jdi.illbeS-lGOpor annum in addition to pay ol his rank;
the pay ot acting assistant commissary shall be &100
in audition to pay of his rank; and there shall be
allowed and paid to each and every commissioned
officer below the rank of brigadier general, including
chaplains and others having assimilated rank or pay,
ten per ccnt. of their current yearly pay foi t-ach
and every term of five jears of service: Pmvtdtd,
That the total amount oi such increase lor lengtn of
service shall m no case exceed iony per cent, oti
thojeaily pay of his grade as established by this
ae' ; Ami provided, Jurther, That the pay of a colonel
shall m no case exceed $-1,o{j0 per annum, nor the
pay ot a lieutenant colonel &-1.000 per annum; and
these sums shall be in full ot all commutation of
quarters, fuel, forage, servants'wages, and clothing,
longevity rations, and all allowances of every name
and nature whatever, and shall be paid monthly by
the paymaster: Ptovtded, That fuel, quarters, and
forage in kind may be furnished to olficers by the
quartermaster'sdepartment, as now allowed by law
and regulations: And provided further, That when
any officer shall travel under orders, and shall not be
furnished transportation by the quartermaster's
department or on a conveyance belonging to oi
chartered by the United States, he snail be allowed
ten cents per mile, and no more, for each mile actu-
ally by him traveled under Mich order, distances to
be calculated accoid'ing to the nearest post routes;
ami no paymenl.aliali be made to any olheer except
by a paymaster of the Army. Officers letired from
active service shall receive seventy-five per ccnt.
of the pay of the rank and allowances upon which
they are retired.
Mr. NYE. Thesectionsof this amendment
ij are not numbered, and I will speak of them as
li 1 go along, as they appear here. Section two
of the amendments reads as follows :
i! That the President be, and ho is hereby, authorized,
i at Ins discretion, honorably to discharge l'rom the
j service of the United States, officers of the Army
| who may appiy therefor on or before the 1st of Jan-
ij uarynext,; and such officers so discharged under the
!i provisions of this act shall bo entitled to receive, in
addition to the pay and allowances due them at the
date of their discharge, one year's pay and allow-
ances.
That is, where they desire to be discharged.
I have no objection to that particularly. The
next section provides:
That t he President be, and he is hereby, authorized,
at his discretion, to plaeo on tho retired list of tbo
Army, on their own application, any commissioned
officers who have been thirty years in tho service ;
and the officers who may be retired by virtue of this
Miction shall bo untitled to the same pay and emolu-
ments as iro now allowed, or may hereafter bo
allowed to olficers retired from activeservico.
Tho section to which I desire to call the atten -
tion of the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee is the section which gives power to the com-
manding olficers of the military departments to
designate the officers under them whom they
consider unlit for service, and to send them
before a retiring board. That section reads as
follows:
That the General of the Army, commanding offi-
cers of tho several military departments, and chiefs
of tho several stuff departments of the Army, shall,
as soon as practicable after the passage of this act,
fonvaid to tho Secretary of War a. list of officers
serving in their respective commands deemed by
them unfit for the proper discharge, of their duties
from any oauso except injuries incurred or disease
contracted 111 the line ot their duty, setting forth spe-
cifically in each caso theeauso of such unfitness. The
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and directed
to constitute a board to consist of one majorgeneral,
one brigadier general, and three colonels, three of
said otlicers to be selected from among those ap-
pointed to the Army on account of distinguished
services in tho volunteer force during tile late war;
and on recommendation of such board the President
shall muster out of the service any of the said officers
so reported, with one year's pay. But such muster
out shallnot bo ordered without, allowingsuch officer
a hearing before such board to show cause against it.
I am opposed to that provision in toto. There
is a way to get officers out of the Army which
is much more direct than this, and not half so
humiliating. Any person at all familiar with
the Army or the Navy knows that it is as diffi-
cult to avoid jealousies and unjust judgments
in it, and quite as difficult to manage as a choir
of country singers. I do not propose to put it
in the power of any commanding officer to
make out. a list of the officers under him who
ought to be retired, and to make him tho
judge of whether they are fit to discharge their
duties or riot, lie is not the proper tribunal
to do that. Let me illustrate it. An officer,
a lieutenant, is stationed at Alcatras, Califor-
nia, and this board is sitting in Washington.
He receives notice from the board or the proper
officer thathis name has been sent forward as
unfitted for duty, and that the question will be
tried m Washington thirty days from that time.
There he is, a poor lieuteuant, without money
enough to get here, and no provision made to
pay his expenses. He is judged without a
hearing. He is sentenced before he starts,
because when that list is sent here it is an inti-
mation to the board that those officers must go.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Nevada
will notice the clause with which this section
closes:
But such muster-out shall not be ordered without
allowing such officer a hearing before such board to
show cause against it.
Mr. NYE. That is just what I have been
speaking about. Suppose the board is sitting
in Washington, and the officer who is to be
mustered out, or who has received notice that
his name has been sent to the board, is sta-
tioned in the State of Oregon or in Alaska,
lie receives notice that his case will be heard
on the 1st day of November. He ruay be with-
out tnonev enough to get here, without even a
leave of absence to come, unless it be inferred
from that provision allowing a hearing that he
shall be allowed to come. - What sort of a hear-
ing it is to be, whether upon affidavits or other-
wise, the bill does not provide. I say it would
work the grossest injustice and make every
marked man a victim to his commanding offi-
cer. Sir, he must be unheard if bo is thus
stationed: he cannot be heard in any satisfac-
tory way before this board ; lie has not the
means to got here. The bill does not provide
for furnishing him with the means to go to the
place where the court sits. As well might you
say that I could have a hearing to-day in Lon-
don, on a charge that alfected my honor and
my profession, as to say to an officer in Alaska,
" Thirty days from now you are to have a hear-
ing in the city of Washington." That section
ought to be stricken out, or so amended as to
provide that if these officers are to have a hear-
ing the Government shall furnish them tho
means by which they shall be heard before the
tribunal wherever it sits. But I appeal to the
Senate that the section will inevitably work
injustice. Whether the cause of alleged unfit-
ness be real or imaginary, whether it rests in
a desire honestly to get rid of an officer for
just cause or from some jealousy or hatred
toward him, the forwarding of his name under
this section as it stands is equivalent to his
rejection from the Army. 1 insist, upon it that
it is not fair, and that it should not prevail.
1 know how arbitrary the rules and regula-
tions of the Army are, and what-the etiquette
of the Army is ; and I know that the little fish
get into the mouths of the whales. Some of
the big officers run with their jaws wide open,
and everybody they cannot swallow they try
to get rid of in some way. I protest against
this section in behalf of these defenseless offi-
cers, as meritorious in many cases as their
accusers. Under this section, wherever there
has been a rivalry between officers the inferior
officer may be made a victim to his commander.
Although he may be his senior in years and his
superior in official qualifications, yet when this
fiat goes forth from Alaska to Washington the
subordinate will be retired from the Army.
There is another point in this section to which
I desire to call the attention of the chairman
of the committee, and that is the clause which
provides for the sending before this board of
any officers deemed unfit for the proper dis-
charge of their duty "from any cause except
injuries incurred or disease contracted in the
line of their duty." Who is to be the judge
of that? Ho you propose to give to this supe-
rior officer in command the power to diagnose,
to feel the pulse, and to determine whether
the disability or sickness of any officer has
originated from exposure in the field or not?
Wherever the desire is to get a man out of the
service the report will be that lie did not
receive his injuries in the field. You propose
to leave that to this board to determine. That
is tho duty for examining surgeons to determ-
ine. You propose to allow a little upstart of
an officer who may command a post to send
the name of his superior in every way forward
for trial, f ask the honorable Senators who
compose the Committee 011 Military Affairs to
see to it that this section is so arranged that
Army officers shall not be subject to these an-
noyances and to this peril of losing their official
positions.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President  
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Michi-
gan to give way to enable me to make a motion
which will take but a moment.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
PltoPOSED RECESS.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half past
seveu o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. No; 110.
Mr. COLIC. Will the Senator hear me? I
