1870.
THE CONGrUESSIONAJL GliOBE.
3515
were iu that respect technically in rebellion;
but in the sense of criminal intent of resisting
the government to which they owed allegiance
they were not in rebellion.
In most European countries, taking them
for illustration, nobody disputes the authority
of the reigning sovereign; no subject of Great
Britain disputes the fact that Victoria is the
rightful queen of that country ; that to her his
allegiance is due. If he nndertakes to subvert
her Government, expel her from the throne,
set up another sovereign there, he does it
knowing that he is attacking, seeking to over-
throw the only Government to which he owes
any allegiance. There is no divided allegiance
there, uo question of whether it is this Govern-
ment or that to which he owes allegiance. In
that case it is a simple question of rebellion
against what he himself admits to be the con-
stituted and regular Government of his coun-
try.
But here in our case is a divided allegiance.
Here are two governments, both of which the
citizen lives under, and when a question of con-
flict came between them every citizen was bound
to elect between them ; he was bound to ask
himself, '' Which of these now must 1 support ?
On which side must I go ? Do, my duty, my
honor require me to side with the United States;
or do my duty and my honor require me to
side with the State in which I was born, in
which I live, and to which I owe allegiance ?"
That was the question every man had to ask
himself; every man had to decide for him-
self ; and those who believing conscientiously,
believing in their very heart of hearts, believ-
ing as much as they could believe anything on
earth that their allegiance was due to the State
of Virginia or to any other southern State, had
but one choice to take, and that was to go with
the government which they, believed was theirs,;
to support the State to which they owed alle-
giance. They exercised that choice conscien-
tiously and maintained it with valor and honor..
Now that the contest is over, now that the
doctrine of secession is buried, now that the
doctrine, of nullification is buried, we of the
South have no idea of undertaking to disturb,
this Grovernment. We desire to, make this
Union great and glorious; but we wish it to be
free also. And while, we are perfectly satisfied
that the right course to pursue is to remove
everything that makes a distinction between a
southern man and a northern man, to remove
everything that makes a distinction between a
so-called rebel and a so-called loyal man, we
do not think that the Union can ever be made
perfect, ever be made a proper Union, ever be
a Union of sentiment, ever be a Union of feel-
ing, until that is done. To have a Union of
States it is not merely necessary to restore the
States to the Union, but in order to have, a
Unfori of States you must have a Union of
equal States, a. statute-book free from laws of
discrimination, upon which nothing is to be
found that makes one man worse than another.
We have had on this floor and everywhere else
denunciations of caste, and the very men who
denounce caste are establishing an order of
pariahs, men who shall be as mnch outcasts,
against whom every man is entitled to point,
the finger of scorn, men who are to be denied
every political right, just as much as pariahs
of I ndia. While they seek to remove one class
of men from what they call the degradation of
caste, they seek to impose the same thing upon
another class.
I am content that caste, so far as the colored
man is concerned, shall be utterly and entirely
abolished. I am content that ne shall have
every political right; I agree that he shall
vote, that he shall hold office, that he shall be as
free as the white man; but I am not content,
if I can help it, that the white man should be
less free than the colored man. I am not con-
tent that while yon destroy caste as to one, you
shall make it as to another. And when that
is done, the Government that does it is not the
Government which is going to execute and
carry out in good, faith the republican form of
government to which we belong.
Mr. President, this particular bill under con-
sideration is entitled " A bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment." The fifteenth amend-
ment itself authorizes Congress to enforce it by
appropriate legislation, and I, for one, have no
objection whatever to having an appropriate,
bill passed for the purpose. But this bill is
neither appropriate for that nor for any other
purpose; and it has in it one feature that ought
to taint, and does taint any legislative measure
in which it is contained; that is a feature which
holds out to a fallen people the profits to be
realized from turning informers, it will repro-
duce Titus Oates all over the country. This is
a bill really of bribery, holding out to the people
all over the country rewards to be obtained by
becoming informers, rewards to be obtained j
and money to be made by watching thepolls, by !
seeking to entrap men, by using the power given '
to them by this law for the purpose of putting !
money into their own pockets and punishing
and impoverishing any one against whom they
are willing to swear.
Every nation, and especially every great
nation like ours, should legislate to improve ;
and not to degrade the morals of the commu-
nity. We have United States laws and we have ]
State laws punishing murder, forgery, and '
counterfeiting the coin and the paper money
of the country. For all these ,Tu'gh felonies we
have statutes upon our books; but in none of
them do we consider it worth while or proper
to hold.out rewards to men to become inform-
ers. This whole bill is filled up with provis-
ions by which some men may maKe money out
of somebody else by becoming informers under
its provisions. Any man who is greedy enough,
who is so lost to a sense of honor, who wants
to put $500 in his pocket, has the means of
doing it provided for him by this bill.
Now, let us see whether that is not literally
its effect. The third section of the bill provides
a mode by which a man who is denied the right
to vote may vote, notwithstanding he has not
been registered. It reads as follows :
That whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution and laws of any State, or the laws of any
Territory, any act is Or shall be required to be do&e
by any citizen a# a prerequisite to gualify or entitle
him to vote, the offer of any such citizen to perform
tha act required to be done as aforesaid shall, if it
fait to be carried Into execution by reason of the
wrongful aet or omission aforesaid of tho person or
officer charged with the duty of receiving or permit-
ting such performance, or offer to perform, or acting
thereon, be deemed and held as a performance in law -
of such act; and the person so offering. and failing
as aforesaid and being otherwise qualified, shall be
entitled to vote in the same manner and to the same
extent as if he had in fact performed such act; and
anyjud$e,iB3l>ector*or other officer of election whose
duty it is or shall be to receive, count., certify, regis-
ter, report, or give effect to the vote of any such citi-
zen. who shall refuse or knowingly omit to receive,
count, certify, register, report, or give effect to the
vote of such citizen, upon the presentation by him
of his affidavit—
Not upon, the affidavit of somebody else, nor
upon legal proof, but upon the presentation of
the affidavit of the party himself, he shall be
entitled to vote. Nor can the officer dispute
the fact nor test whether it is true or not. No;
but the section proceeds: .
Stating such offer and the time and place thereof,
and the name of the offioer or person who?® duty it
was to act thereon, and that he was wrongfully pre-
acf, shall for every such offense forfeit and pay tho
sum of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby.
Now, you will observe that that section re;
lates to things which are done in public. The
registrars who take the votes are men who must
do that duty before the world. Their offices
are open to inspection and to the presence of
everybody. Nothing can take place there that
is not susceptible of proof. If 1 go and demand
to be registered, I do so in the presence of
other men who are there for the same pur-
pose. ' If 1 am refused I can easily take wit-
nesses there and make the demand in their
presence. While there is that opportunity of
proving the fact this law repels that sort of
legal and impartial proof. It does not require
the party to produce evidence, but in lieu of
that it only requires him to make his own affi-
davit touching facts he could establish by per-
haps twenty-five or fifty, or may be five hun-
dred persons. The offer of registration is
entirely susceptible of proof; it can hardly be
made except in the presence of witnesses, and
yet that sort of impartial evidence is not only
not required, but is absolutely repelled by the
provisions of this bill.
But this is not all, sir. It would seem to be
proper that an officer who is to be punished
for misdemeanor, to be fined and imprisoned,
and made to pay a large sum of money to the
party aggrieved, should have some opportunity
of contesting the charge against him. It would
not seem to be right that he should be com-
pelled to pay a sum of money to the aggrieved
person, that he should be compelled to pay a
sum of money to the country, that he should
be made to languish in prison, without some
opportunity at least to contest the fact whether
or not he has been guilty of the act complained
of. < This bill does not give him that oppor-
tunity. This bill makes the affidavit of the
party considering himself aggrieved absolute
evidence of the fact? and does not allow the
officer accused any right to contest it. If an
action is brought in a court against an officer
under this statute, all that the party is required
to do in order to recover is simply to produce
his own affidavit that he had on a certain day
applied to the registrar and had been denied
registration. That would entitle him under
this bill to recover. If the officer was indicted
for a misdemeanor, the punishment of which
is fine and imprisonment, all there would have
to be proved to support that indictment, and
it could not be repelled under this statute,
would be to produce to the jury the affidavit
of the party who considered himself aggrieved.
Surely, Mr. President, such a law as that ought
not to be passed. No law ought to be passed
which allows a man to be fined and impris-
oned without giving him the opportunity to
contest the charge made against him; and yet
this bill does that very thing.
The fifth section, to which the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thckman] adverted yesterday, is
the one which authorizes the issue of a writ of
mandamus. I really expected that the Sen-
ator from Ohio yesterday would move to strike
out the word "mawdawms" and substitute u E
plttribus unum. [Laughter.] That phrase is
fully as applicable as the word mandamus, and
certainly, with the sense given to it lately on
this floor, is much more compendious, and
covers a great many more things.
Then, sir, there is another section of this bill
which c6ntains in twelve lines more to be con-
demned, more to overturn the form of our gov-
ernment, more to unsettle the relative rights of
the different departments of our Government,
than was ever pnt in the same compass. I
refer to the eleventh section, which provides—
That whenever the President of the United States
shall have reason to believe that offenses have been—
That is a very indefinite expression, but here
is something worse—
or are likely to be committed against the provis-
ions of this act within any judicial district, it shall
be lawful for him, in his discretion, to direct the
judge, marshal, and district attorney of such district
to attend at such place within the district, and for
such time as he may designate, for the purpose of
the more speedy arrest and trial of such persons
charged with a violation of this act; and it shall be
the duty of every judge or other officer, when any
such requisition shall be received by him, to attond
at the place and for the time therein designated.
Mr. President, when was it heard of before
in the legislation of this country that the Presi-
dent of the United States was authorized to
give a judge an order? Why, sir, the judiciary
of the country is independent of the President.
Do you call that an independent judiciary when
the President of the United States, an execu-
tive officer, can issue his orders to a judge tell-
ing him what to do, where to go, and when to
hold his court? The time for holding court
is fixed by the law. The place of holding
