1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Gong.... 2d Sess.
The Iron and Steel Swindle—Mr. Marshall.
Iio. op Reps.
In April of the same year there were produced 825
tons, as follows:
Ore $8 18
Coal  8 05
tfeneral charges  5 83
Total..
..$22 06
The interest on investment docs not form any part
of these expenses. My estimate for the iron deliv-
ered iri New York used to be twenty-six dollars per
ton. You will notice a difference in the cost of the
items at different times. Wo had sometimes very
poor coal. Then if the furnace worked badly the
cost. would be necessarily increased.
"While I wns there (Durham) I gathered all the
information I could about the cost ot producing pig
iron on the Lehigh. The ore and wages cost a little
more than atDurliam,andthecoalless. My impres-
sion whilo there w;s« that we produced iron about
one dollar per ion less than the cost of it in the Le-
high valley. We endeavored to mako No.l, and
failing in that was incidental. A lower grade would
have been produced for less money.
The company having chargc of those furnaces now
was organized less than a year ago, with a capital of
£300,000. The stockholders, someoi them, have told
me they expect to clear the first year, if iron con-
tinues at its present price, $150,000. This, I think, is
too high; but I have no doubt they will clear from
one to one hundred and twenty thousand dollars. I
am sure there is no business m the country of any
importance that pa\s the profit the manufacture of
pic; iron does.
I am, youis, most respectfully,
D. W. TUTIIILL.
Under date of February 4, 1870, Mr. Tut-
hill further writes:
"Upon reflection, if, is but just that I should sav a
gentleman connected with 0110 furnace upon the Le-
high, with whom I talked frequently about, the cost
of making pig iron, always assured mo that, it cost at
hislurnace twenty-eightdollars per ton. Asupcrior
quality of iron was manufactured there, and would
command in the market a ready .s.ile at a higher price
than tHe Durham iron, I do not blame the makers
of pig iron (or omitting to reply to the questions in
your circular. Were I now interested in the manu-
facture, I certainly would not answer you. At the
same time I consider the duty on pig iron an enorm-
ous burden on the people, for the benefitof lessthan
ton thousand persons who aic interested in making
this article. Reduce the duty on pig iron a,nd the
rolling-mills will need less protection."
Again, the report of the Society for the En-
couragement, of Domestic Industry in Rhode
Island, presented by a committee of which
James Y. Smith, the eminent manufacturer,
is chairman, Providence, January 18, 18G0,
gives the following as the present cost of pro-
duction of pig iron in that State :
Iron ore. three tons    C'V 50
Ithode Island coal, one ton, live hundred
weight   ■_    4 07
Limestone, live hundred weight  1 00
Interest on works      2 00
Labor, management, &c    5 00
Cilice charges  2 50
, $22 37
United States money   
The evidence furnished by the Commissioner
and bv Professor Waterhouse and others is con-
clusive that the cost of manufacture at Caron-
delet, Missouri, cannot exceed twenty-live
dollars per ton. But why detain the House
fuither upon this point? The evidence is over-
whelming, and all that is furnished to the con-
trary comes from sources interested in mislead-
ing and deluding the people.
The averageprice of pig iron in the principal
markets of the United States for the past year
was about thirty-seven dollars per ton. At a
former lime,indeed, it ranged very greatly above
this. It is manifest, therefore, that when Mr.
Wells says that the price of pig iron to the
American consumers has been unnecessarily
enhanced during the past year to an average of
from eight to ten dollars per ton he understates
rather than exaggerates the fact. And this en-
hanced price has, as I have heretofore stated,
day by day entered in some shape the home
of every man in our whole country and seized
upon a portion of his earnings. And all this
is done at the mandate of organized capital at
the expense of the great body of people. To
continue this wrong and robbery now, with ail
the facts we have before us, is without excuse
or plausible pretext. No pig iron is now or
will be under this law imported, except in a
limited quantity of kinds not produced in this
country and needed for special purposes. Gov-
ernment can derive little or no revenue from
this tax, and it is consequently a mere gratuity,
wrung shamelessly from the people for the
benefit of capital.
STEEL BAILS.
But the great outrage of this bill is in the
proposed duty on steel rails. To understand
_it it is necessary to state a few facts bearing
upon the question. The railway interest is
one of the greatest importance to the whole
people. Already we have nearly fifty thou-
sand miles of railroad, and are building them
at the rate of five thousand miles per annum.
Commissioner Wells estimates the values
created by the railway service during the past
year at $350,000,000, being over one hundred
million dollars more than the values created by
our colton and woolen manufactures and iron
production, pig and bar, combined. Railways
are now absolutely necessary for the easy and
cheaper transportation of our products to mar-
ket. The cheaper we can build and operate
them the more we will have, and the less will
it cost us to travel on them and send our pro-
duce over them. "We will get better prices for
what we have to sell, and what we buy will
cost us less. This is manifest. The chief
itejn of expense in building and operating
railroads is the cost of iron and steel. 'The
cost for rails alone to build the new and sup-
ply the wear and tear of the old roads is enorm-
ous. The great desideratum in railroad en-
terprises has been the production of a good
and durable rail at a moderate cost. This
great want has at last been supplied, but the
greed of the monopolist is quickened by the
prospect of enormous gains, and while all the
world elsewhere are rejoicing at and enjoying
the benefits of this great discovery legislation
interposes to deprive us of these benefits.
How long will it be that our Government shall
prove to bo the greatest enemy of our people?
How long will it still be used as an instrument
of oppression and wrong? I warn you, gen-
tlemen, that the people are at last aroused,
and that the day is near at hand when these
money-changers will be driven ignominiously
from the legislative temples which they have
desecrated and disgraced.
The Bessemer process of manufacturing steel
was invented some sixteen years ago. With
repeated experiments and various improve-
ments it has become a magnificent success,
and if the malign hand of legislation could be
withheld it would become to us an incalculable
blessing. By it a steel rail i3 made whose dura-
bility and service are twelve times greater than
that of the common iron bar. It is made at a
cost very little in advance of iron, and as the
process has improved and the manufacture in-
creased it has constantly grown cheaper. The
rails are now sold in England at about forty-
eight dollars per ton ; much less than the price
here of the common iron rail. If Government
wohld withhold its interference and the laws of
trade were left free to operate we would have
this fine Bessemer steel rail for all our new
roads, thus greatly lessening the danger of
travel and reducing nearly one half the cost of
freights. "With the present inferior rail the
cost of the wear and tear of a road is enorm-
ous. With the steel rail the cost of repairs
would be reduced probably nine tenths. This
difference must be made up by the customers
of the road, for the owners will not lose it if
they can avoid it. In other words, these mil-
lions of money that make up the cost of this
wear and tear must be wrung from the sweat
and toil of the producing classes of the country.
On the fifty thousand miles of road now in
the United Stales there are, on an average,
one hundred tons of rails per mile, or five mil-
lion tons. The estimates of new rails needed
for repairs are from seven to ten per cent, per
annum. At the latter rate five hundred 1 lion-
sand tons are annually required for repairs
only. It is estimated that there will be buiit
the present year seven thousand miles of new
road, requiring seven hundred thousand tons
of rails ; thus making in all, at a low estimate,
over one million tons of rails that are needed,
annually for the use of our roads; and this
wantand demand are constantly increasing. In
getting this supply cheaply and of the lje.it
material the whole people are interested. A
wise Legislature would regard this want, and
would welcome with open arms anything that
would supply this need with a cheap and dura-
ble rail.
But whatis our condition, present and pros-
pective? The present duty on steel rails is
forty-five per cent, ad valorem in gold. 'This
to a large extent cuts off importation, deprives
us of the use of this excellent rail, except the
few made in this country and which are sold at
an enormous cost, and thus the Government
gets littlo or no revenue therefrom. What
ought to be done in this case? What would be
done promptly and without hesitation if we
were in fact legislating for the benefit of the
people? The answer is obvious. The duty
should be promptly repealed and evety fetter
struck off that prevents our people piucnrinjj
anywhere the very best rails and at the cheap-
est possible price. What obstacle interposes?
Listen a moment. A very plain tale explains
the whole difficulty.
Three gentlemen, one a member ol' the pres
ent House, another a member of the last Con-
gress, have unfortunately for the country cen-
tered in themselves all the patents and the sole
right of manufacturing steel by the Bessemer
process in this country. They are thus secure
from competition at home, and with adequate
protection they can prevent importations from
abroad, and can therefore charge us just what
they please for the rails they may deign to make
for us. Any one apt in figures can easily make
an estimate of the lordly bounties we give to
these men by such legislation.
This duly ought to be repealed now, lo-day.
If these men have any rights it would be better
to buy them out at any price, to pension them
and their families at any named sum, than that
this harassing, ruinous tux should be fastened
upon the people. But it cannot be repealed or
reduced now. I have had no hope that it would
be repealed by this Congress. The voice of
the people must once more be heard before
this can be effected. But I was not prepared
for what is now about to be forced upon ns and
upon the country. The present tax or duty
upon steel rails, as I have said, is forty-five
per cent, ad valorem. This amounts to about
twenty-two dollars per ton at present prices in
Europe. The bill before us instead of reducing
or abolishing this duty actually proposes to
increase it to $33 CO in gold per ton, increas-
ing the cost thereof, of course, to that amount.
If of the one million tons of rails annually
required for our use we should hereafter pur-
chase the steel rails, the tax imposed upon our
people by this duty would be over thirty three
million dollars per annum ; a sum soenormouo
that the mind can with dillieulty grasp or com-
prehend it; a robbery, Mr. Speaker, of such
gigantic proportions that it is amazing that any
one would dare to champion it, in the lig'.-it of
day and in the lace of an intelligent people.
One great evil of our high duties on railroad
bars, the tax on the best portion of which yon
now propose so unjustifiably to increase, has, I
think, not been suflieiently considered. . The
heavy duties imposed have weighed so heavily
upon the resources of the builders of our roads
that they have been compelled, or a; le;i«t
induced to buy the very cheapest rails they
could produce. The consequence is ilm^Ar.ir!'-
ican railroad iron isaclass by itself in Enr.ipe.
Of it Air. Ahram S. Hewit, m his report licit-
