1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
States and of the rights'of the States, by cen-
tralizing anil consolidating power in the Fed-
eral Government, would be heard to pray jnst
as the gentleman from Massachusetts was
heard to implore this afternoon for constitu-
tional rights. I hope now since the gentleman
froth Massachusetts has taken the position he
has, that gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, notwithstanding the ruin they have
brought upon the country, will reconsider
what they have done, will come back to the
position which the fathers of the Republic occu-
pied, and that they will stand with us, with the
Democratic party, in defense of State rights.
Let me tell you, Mr. Chairman, that this
Union depends for its life upon the mainte-
nance of the rights of the States in the Union.
It was uplifted, created by the States; it has
no existence except in the life of the States ;
itmastfall, itwill be destroyed, when the States
fall, when they are destroyed. I hope that the
gentleman from Massachusetts will from this
time stand side by side with us in defense of
the rights of the States of this Union. I know
the pill is a bitter one; it is hard to take; but
he helped to make it. I know, as I predicted
yesterday, as well as I know of any fact from
logical conclusions from facts, that the time is
coining when the New England States will be
upon their knees in the House of Representa-
tives begging that their rights, the original
rights of the States as secured by the Constitu-
tion, shall be maintained; and I hope if I
shall be here, or any one who represents me
shall be here, upon this floor that we will be
able to maintain their rights, notwithstanding
the terrible and outrageous wrongs which they
have committed upon the States which they
have attempted to reconstruct; which, in fact,
they have overthrown or helped to overthrow.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
what there is in the history of any of the New
England States which warrants him in expect-
ing that they will ask for any of their rights on
tlisir knees?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why, because New Eng-
land has been first and foremost of all those
who have attempted to rob the people of the
southern States of the rights of States. That
is all I desire to say, and I am much obliged
to the gentleman from California for his cour-
tesy in yielding to me.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield the gentleman
three minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I had not the opportunity
yesterday to develop any reasons which existed
in my mind for the vote which I gave then, but
as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] has seen fit to infer from some remarks
which I made to-day that they are in conflict
with the position I took yesterday in the vote
I gave for the Georgia bill, I desire in a few
Words to state to the gentleman and to the
House, if it be of any consequence to it to know
it, that in no matter will the gentleman from
Wisconsin or anybody else find me more
scrupulous than in regard to the rights of the
States. But I beg the gentleman from Wis-
consin to make the distinction, a failure to
makewhichon the part of his party has involved
the country in the direst war ever written of in
the history of the world—the distinction be-
tween State rights and State sovereignty._ The
failure of his party to make that distinction as
a rule of conduct has involved the country in
the tears and cost and burden and woe of a
war. Sir, there is aa obligation resting upon
this Congress under the Constitution of the
United States, under which I cast my vote yes-
terday, in regard to not only the State of
Georgia, but the State of Wisconsin and the
State of Massachusetts, too, that the United
States Congress shall maintain in the State of
Wisconsin and in the State of Massachusetts,
no less than in the State of Georgia, if the
occasion shall arise, a republican form of gov-
ernment.
I agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] that it is not a power that
we ought to exercise without due care and
for such reasons as will commend themselves
to the public judgment. Bat it is a power
as clear and as incumbent upon the United
States as any other power existing in the
Government. It is a question of fact whether
occasion exists for the exercise of that power
in reference to Georgia, or will ever exist
in reference to the State of Wisconsin or
the State of Massachusetts. And we, upon
whom the obligation rests to exercise that power
when the occasion shall arise, must judge of
the occasion itself. No other tribunal is put
over us to judge for us and to say to us, " Now
is the time and these are the exigencies that
require of you the exercise of that power."
We are to judge of the occasion as well as the
exercise of authority.
But, sir, we are to judge of it upon our oaths
and upon our responsibility to the country, and
upon our regard for that Constitution which
clothes us with the power. And when we exer-
cise it we must exercise it fearlessly and boldly,
if the necessity exists. For my part I believed
on yesterday that the occasion existed for the
exercise of that power in reference to Georgia,
and the vote which I gave rested solely upon
that power in the Constitution, and it trenched
in no part upon the rights of the State of
Georgia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for <1 moment?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desired when I arose
to halve propounded a question to my friend the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
It seems to me that the gentleman has ignored
the point which I designed to make upon him.
He will bear me witness that I made no refer-
ence to his vote on yesterday with reference to
the State of Georgia. I had no reference in
particular to his vote upon that question or to
its effect upon the State of Georgia.
I did have reference, however, to his votes
upon those questions which have so vitally
affected those States which as they say we have
reconstructed. The gentleman now, as I un-
derstand him, has laid down the broad doc-
trine that whenever the occasion requires, in
the judgment of Congress, the Federal Govern-
ment may intervene and reconstruct the State
so as to make the State what it considers re-
publican in form. I believe no such thing.
The doctrine which the gentleman undertakes
to adduce from that clause of the Constitution
which provides for the Federal Government
guarantying republican forms of government
to the several States is in my judgment in
antagonism to the Constitution of the United
States. To guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment is to guaranty a preexisting govern-
ment of the State.
I maybe mistaken, but it seems tome that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has conceded the entire position claimed by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom,] to
whom he made answer this morning. If he
concedes that the House of Representatives or
the Congress of the United States is the sole
judge of the time, the circumstances, and the
occasion when the Federal Government may
intervene to reform or reconstruct the govern-
ment of a State, then he concedes the right
which I understood the gentleman from Illinois
to claim: that whenever the time should come,
whenever the occasion shall arise, we might
amend the Constitution of the United States
so as to provide that the New England States,
or any other of the smaller States, should sub-
mit to the will of the people and have their
representation in the Senate of the United
States lessened or reformed to accord with the
opinions which may be entertained for the time
being by the people of the United States.
I do not admit any such doctrine. The Con-
stitution of our country is the test, by which wo
must determine the powers and the rights of
Congress; and so far as regards its right to
intervene tinder that clause which authorizes
the United States to guaranty to each State a
republican form of government, it must inter-
vene under the circumstances only contem-
plated by that provision. The fact that some
things may be done in a State contrary to the
will or opinion of Congress does not authorize
such intervention. The interference of Congress
must be because the State has made its govern-
ment anti-republican, not because an act ot
murder or of assassination or any other wrong
may have Tjeen committed in the State, not
because the government, the constitution of
the State and its administration, are contrary
to the views of Congress on republican govern-
ment.
Mr. BECK. I trust I may be allowed 
Mr. SARGENT. I think I mast decline to
yield further.
Mr. BECK. I hope I may be permitted to
read ten lines from the Federalist.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it understood that the
time consumed in this debate shall not come
out of the hour to which I am entitled?
The CHAIRMAN. There was no such
understanding.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that understand-
ing wil 1 be had. I certainly would fiot trespass
upon the time of the gentleman from California.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the time occupied in
this debate will not be deducted from that to
which the gentleman from California is entitled.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
it will be understood that the gentleman from
California shall be entitled to his hour after he
shall have resumed the floor.
There was no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have in my remarks
been drawn far away from the point which I
desired to make ; but in view of the turn which
the debate has taken I will yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I desire merely to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Wisconsin and
the gentleman from Massachusetts to the views
of Mr. Madison as laid down in No. 43 of the
Federalist. The question discussed is when
the United States government or any of its
departments may intervene, under the clause
empowering the United States to guaranty to
each State a republican form of government.
Mr. Madison, in the paper to which I have
referred—and his views coincide with those
expressed by Mr. Hamilton—uses this lan-
guage :
"It may possibly be asked whether it may not be-
come a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments without the concurrence of the States them-
selves. It may be answered that if the General
Government should interpose by virtue of this con-
stitutional authority it will be, of course, bound to
pursue the authority. But the authority extends no
further than to a guarantee of a republican form of
government, which supposes a preexisting govern-
ment of the form which is to be guarantied. As long,
therefore, as the existing republican forms are con-
tinued by theStates they are guarantied by the Fed-
eral Constitution. Whenever the States may choose
to substitute other republican forms they have a right
to do so, and to elaim the Federal guarantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is that
they shall not exchange republican for anti-rcnubh-
can constitutions."
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, quoting Hamilton and Madison
says: '
The Federalist has spoken with so much force and
propriety upon th,s subject that it supercedes all
further reasoning."
Now, the question that I want to put is, As
we had decided that Georgia had adopted a
constitution republican in form and admitted
her Representatives, in what regard the con-
stitution of Georgia was less republican in form
alter her Legislature decided that certain mem-
bers were ineligible than it was before, as that
is all that is complained of?
nf!rpELI)1KIJ?,(?B' My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Jjeck] well knows my opinions upon that
subject. I do not believe that by the action
ot the Legislature declaring the ineligibility of'
certain members the government of tin, .Stale
