1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
Mr. WILSON. My proposition is to retain
these identical words aud add my amendment
with a view of modifying the clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be arrived
at by the Senator from Iowa temporarily with-
drawing his motion. Xhen the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts can be enter-
tained, to add these words, and then the motion
to strike out the paragraph including these
words can be renewed.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to '
having the text amended, if it can be, so as to
meet the judgment of the Senate, ana I there*
fore withdraw my motion for the present.
Mr. WILSON. I move the amendment to
add what I have stated. I do not wish to take
a moment of time; but I will simply say that
I do not desire to interfere with any grants we
have already made to railroads. But here is a
new grant to be made, and I maintain, for one,
that all future grants which we make in any
part of the country shall have such a provision i
as that upon it if I have the power to put it on.
I intend to vote for it at any rate.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that provision will
not be put on any bill. I think it is manifestly
unjust on its face. What can justify selling
and along the line of a railroad next to a town
worth forty or fifty dollars an acre, made so
valuable by the railroad, at the same price as j
land twenty miles off? There could not be
any scheme so unjust to railroads and settlers
as that-absurd scheme of selling the land at
the same price. I have no time to argue it.
Mr. WILSON. This provision only touches
land thirty or forty miles from the railroad: it
only applies to the additional land.
Mr. STEWART. The principle is involved.
I hope the Senator will withdraw it on this bill
and let us discuss that principle before it is
adopted. I can show that it is conceived in
injustice and in ignorance of the subject.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has stated that the grant to this company
embraces an area of some forty-seven million
acres. Without this railroad every one must
admit that those lands would not be worth over
twenty-five cents an acre. Consequently the
grant would not be worth over $12,000,000,
and it will only have that value by the railroad
being built through the country. Then you
are practically giving to this railroad company
some $12,000,000 to build a road that will
cost them $100,000,000. You have given to
the Central and the Union Pacific railroads,
reaching the gentleman's own State, a grant
of land of twenty five million acres and a sub-
sidy of $100,000,000, or nearly that. Now
he says that be is not willing to give to this
corporation forty-seven million acres, worth
$12,000,000, to build a road that will cost
them $100,000,000; and he wishes to attach
a provision to this bill that will practically
defeat the building of the road. All the best
lands on the line of the road have been taken
up. All the best valleys through Montana
and the interior of the country on that line
have been already taken up. The company
desire to be compensated for these laritis thus
taken. The line has been practically sur-
veyed ; the people know where it is to be
located. They have followed the line of the
survey; they have taken up many of the best
lands. The company now desire the privilege
oftaking lands thirty or forty railesfrom the road
in lieu of those not received under the grant.
How are those lands to be accessible forty
miles from the road without buildingadditional
roads to them? I say that these lands will be
of very little value. They will not be worth
twenty-five cents an acre without the building
of this road. I hope certainly no provision
will be attached to this bill that will defeat the
building of the road. You should remember
the wants of the community who emigrated to
the section of the country on the northern
Pacific, and who were really the means of pre-
serving it from Great Britain. Those people
demand a road built to that country that they
may have access to and direct trade with the
eastern States. I trust that no such provision
will be attached to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the funding bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the order of
the day be postponed for half an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not, unless we can
have a vote on this measure.
Mr. THURMAN and others. No, no!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone for half an hour can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Seiiator
from Michigan move to postpone the special
order absolutely?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The funding bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. LEWIS. Before the Senator proceeds
I ask unanimous consent of the Senate to take
up a bill that will only take a few moments for
consideration—Senate bill No. 596.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it to consider the bill?
Mr. LEWIS. It is a bill that will only take
a few moments—to remove the disabilities of
the member from my county in the Legislature
of Virginia
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massacusetts yields, subject to a demand
for the regular order. The Senator from Vir-
ginia asks that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of bill No. &96.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
596) to relieve certain persons therein named
from legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBERTSON. As chairman of the
Committee on Disabilities, I will say that this
bill relieves the disabilities of only two per-
sons, Henry B. Harnsburger and Nicholas K.
Trout. They were original Union men, old
citizens of Virginia. Mr. Harnsburger re-
ceived the certificate of election as member
of the Legislature from General Canby ; but
he hesitates to take his seat for fear that he
may be accused of some bad motive. The
Senators of Virginia on this floor requested
me to report this bill and ask for its passage.
The name of Nicholas K. Trout they de-
sired inserted in this bill for this reason: he
was an original Union man, and his disabil-
ities are purely technical. I do not think any
reasonable objection can be offered to either.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting therefor.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize the con-
struction and maintenance of a bridge across
the Niagara river; and
A bUl (H. R. No. 1086) amendatory of the
act entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain," approved
May 20, 1862, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and June
21, 1866.
hgusb bills referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for
extending the time for the withdrawal of spirits
from distillery warehouses was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize the
construction and maintenance of a bridge
across the Niagara river was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1086) amendatory of the
act entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain," approved
May 20, 1862, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and June
21,1866, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities^ and to establish specie payments,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Corbktt to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to strike out the
first three sections of the committee's amend-
ment and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States be, and hereby is, authorized and empowered
to issue coupon and registered bonds of the United
States to the extent of $1,000,000,000, in bonds of
$1,000 each and having thirty-five years to run. inter-
est payable semi-annually, principal and interest
payable in gold coin; each bond to bear interest for
the first three years at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, for the six - years following five per cent,
per annum, and for the next six years four and a
half per cent, per annum, and for the twenty years
following four per cent, per annum, the bonds and
the income therefrom to be free from all tax what-
ever. The Secretary of the Treasury may exchange
the same at par for the bonds commonly called "five-
twenties," at the option of the holders of said bonds;
or he may place the said bonds at home or abroad
upon the market at a uniform fixed price, the pro-
ceeds of which shall be used in redeeming "five-
twenty " bonds now outstanding.
Mr. SUMNER. Before proceeding with my
remarks on the bill before the Senate I send
to the Chair a series of amendments which at
the proper time I propose to move, and ask that
they be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks to have the amend-
ments printed. The Chair hears no objection,
and the order will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. The measure now before
the Senate concerns interests vast in amount
and influence. I doubt if ever before any-
nation has attempted to deal at one* with so
large a mass of financial obligations, being
nothing less than the whole national debt of
the United States. But beyond the proper
disposition of this mass is the question of
taxation, and also of the extent to which the
payment of the national debt shall be assumed
by the present generation, and beyond all is the
question of specie payments. On all these
heads my own conclusions are fixed. The mass
of financial obligations shonld be promptly
adjusted in some new form at smaller interest;
taxes must be reduced; the payment of.the
national debt must be left in part to posterity;
specie payments must be provided for.
The immediate question before the Senate
is on a substitute reported by the commit
tee for the bill which I had the honor of intro-
ducing some weeks ago. Consider! ng m y con -
nection with this measure, I hope that I shall
not intrude too much if I recur to the original
bill -and explain its provisions.
There are certain general objects which
must not be forgotten in our present endeavor.
I have already said that the taxes must be re-
duced. Here I am happy to observe that the
popular branch of Congress, in the exercise
of its constitutional prerogative, has taken the
initiative and is perfecting measures to this
end. I trust that they wiil proceed prudently
bat boldly.
In harmony with this effort the expenditures
of the Government should be revised and cut
down to the lowest point consistent with effi-
ciency. Economy will be an important ally.
Even in small affairs it will be the witness to
our purposes. Through these agencies our cur-
rency will be improved, and we shall be brought
