5404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
tell them, "You shall not sell whisky to the
soldiersand certain things that aro forbidden
they cannot sell; but it does not regulate at all
the prices of the merchandise. In other words,
the commander of the post does not become
a merchant, in fact, to fix tho price of goods.
I think it is due to tho soldiers to have a fair
competition for the articles sold at the post. I
move to amend that section by adding the words
'•one or more," and I do not know that that
will give full freedom, because probably who-
ever has control will appoint some one to suit
him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the first question 011 the amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
C.V1UU0XTEII. J
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. NYE. What I want to accomplish by
the amendment I propose is to allow compe-
tition in trading at tho military posts. 1 move,
therefore, to strike out that section providing
that there shall be but one trader at a post,
and prescribing the manner in wliieh he shall
be appointed.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose the object of
that provision is to prevent bringing a large
number of traders on the military reservation,
where they are liable to supply liquors to the
soldiers ; and as the commissary and quarter-
master have all the necessary supplies, such as
Hour, beef, pork, and everything necessary for
the Army, I understand the object is simply to
supply other necessaries and luxuries to the
Army, such as perhaps wines and liquors to a
certain extent. I presume this is intended to
prevent a larger number of traders being there,
and perhaps selling indiscriminately liquors to
the soldieis. 1 suppose that is the object.
Mr. NYE. That is not all the object of these
traders by any means.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to insert the words " one or more," so as
to permit one or more trading establishments.
That will put it at the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War. 1 think he ought to have con-
trol of that matter for the good of the service.
It will be remembered that we put this matter
in the charge of the Commanding General of
the Army for special reasons during the last
Administration ; and we now propose to repeal
that and put the matter where it should be, in
the hands of the Secretary of War.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Oregon will see that this section has a much
wider scope. It is not only to provide mer-
chandise for the soldiers, but what is indeed
for the accommodation of emigrants, freight-
ers, and other citizens.
Mr. CORBETT. I have 110 objection to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, leaving it at the discretion of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. NYE. 1 do not consider it to be the
business of the Secretary of War at all to say to
an emigrant over the plains you shall pay such a
price for goods'if another man will sell them
ibr less ; that makes the trade a monopoly.
'I'his is for the accommodation of emigrants,
freighters, and other citizens: " and the per-
sons to maintain such trading establishments
shall be appointed by him." I move to strike
oat that section.
Mr. THAYER. That section is in conformity
with the present law precisely.
Mr. NYE. Why reiinact it, then ?
Mr. THAYER. For the reason stated by
the chairman of the committee. The power to
appoint these persons was placed in the com-
manding general of the Army. It had always
previously been vested in the Secretary of War.
it is proposed now to replace it in the Secre-
tary of War, because it is considered in the
nature of a civil office and properly coining
within his province. There lias always been
at each post one sutler's or tiadmg establish
ment. These are positions in which you cannot
well expect competition ; and it is not de-
sirable, for this reason: there is always a coun-
cil of administration, composed of officers of
the post, who fix a system of chargcs at which
goods shall be sold to soldiers. The officers
of course protect the soldiers against any ex-
tortion by their system. If you open it to com-
petition—and I gather these observations from
officers and from experience 
Mr. NYE. Lot me call attention to a sin-
gle fact that I know. Take Fort liiley ; now
there is a Mr. Dent there, a Mr. Duffy, and
another gentleman whose name I do not know
now, heavy traders. If the Secretary of War
has to choose between them, what will be the
result? Suppose the two he does not select
have 5100.000 worth of goods there; they are
not worth a cent if this passes, and they arc
not. appointed, because they will be driven off.
Mr. THAYER. Are they on the reserva-
tion, or in the village adjoining?
Mr. NYE. On the reservation.
Mr. THAYER. I doubt whether there is
over one trader there.
Mr. NYE. 1 tell you there arc three, to my
certain knowledge, and the Senator has no
right to doubt it.
Mr. THAYER. I do not doubt the state-
ment of the honorable Senator from Nevada,
if he has personal knowledge in regard to the
number of traders at that post; but I say the
law is just as I stated it, to permit one trading
establishment. Whether that gives power to
appoint more than one, I do not say.
But, sir, it is a matter which must be vested
in the discretion and control of somebody; you
cannot permit promiscuous trading establish-
ments on the military reservations; and to
whom can you better leave that question than
the officers themselves? for, as! stated, they
arrange the tarifl'of charges so that the soldiers
may be protected against extortion.
I was conversing with a general of the Army
not long ago, speaking in regard to one post.
A man was there before the post was organized
who had a preemption, and therefore has re-
mained, because they cannot oust him. Ho
had a trading establishment; the man appointed
by the Secretary of War had one; and very un-
fortunately this competition resulted in bring
ing in an inferior article of goods, and the
officers and soldiers were very rnucli dissatis-
fied. This section was prepared to carry out
the views of the Secretary of War and of
officers of the Army, and it was submitted to
them to see whether it was the proper oue to
be placed on the bill.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask a question of the
honorable Senator, who is quite familiar with
war, and the usages of war, and the matters
concerning military posts. I am not, except as
a looker on. Suppose the case I have stated
to be true, that, (hree men are engaged in trade
at Fort Riley. The Secretary of War has got
to choose between the three; and not neces-
sarily that, for he may send another man there;
and then suppose these three traders have,
at an expense of half a dollar a pound on
$100,000 worth of goods, got their goods there.
A new man is appointed ; they have to go away,
and they have to freight their goods some-
where else. What is the consequence? It works
an utter destruction of these men. They had
better make a fire and burn up their goods right
there.
Mr. THAYER. Nothing of that kind can
occur.
Mr. NYE.
in this way.
Mr. THAYER. Not at all.
this amendment, " one or more," and leave it
to the discretion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. NYE. That does not mean anything.
The honorable Senator is right about the origin
of this section. It leaves it discretionary with
the Secretaiy of War. He is here to put his
diserWion oil paper, saying there shall be one
and lit; shall appoint him. 1 can see that it
It must occur if this bill passes
Let us accept
may work great injustice and work wrong to a
great many men, and I want to avoid that.
Mr. THAYER. There has been but one
heretofore at each post. Now, I propose to
give him more latitude, to appoint more if
necessary. We must leave something to the
discretion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. NYE. I always speak with great reluc-
tance when I come in contact with my friend
from Nebraska on military affairs ; but I can
tell the honorable Senator that he will find
there is no single post within the reach of
emigration where there is not more than one
trader to-day, and the object of this is to cut
it down to one, and make a monopoly of it.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to repeat what
I said before, that this amendment is exactly in
the language of tho law as it existed for years.
Mr. NYE. Why reiinact it?
Mr. THAYER. We propose to enlarge the
discretion by inserting the words "or more."
Mr. NYE. But you did not propose that;
I proposed it.
Mr. THAYER. We accepted it. We agreed
to it readily.
Mr. NYE. The object of this section was to
make a monopoly of that trade to one trader,
who, of course, will be a favorite of the War
Department, with due deference to his quali-
fications, of course. Now, I can see and tell
the Senator that it will work wrong to numer-
ous individuals if that provision is carried.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if he
does not desire to leave it in the discretion of
the Secretary of War to appoint one or more,
and to judge as to the suitableness of those
persons for the position? There may be some
men unprincipled, and who would be likely to
sell liquor to soldiers, and who would be totally
unlit for that position. I would simply leave
it in the discretion of the Secretary of War to
appoint one or more, so that he can have a
supervisory power.
Mr. NYE. That is always within the con-
trol of the commandant of the post, as my
honorable friend from Mississippi [Mr. Ames]
will say. If a trader misbehaves himself they
drive him off. That is within the control of the
commandant of the post, if he does improper
things by virtue of his power.
Mr. CORBETT. My experience on military
posts has been that where there is a large num-
ber of troops, always on the edge of a reserva-
tion there are large trading posts. It has not
been customary to allow more than one trader
on the immediate reservation ; but if he charges
too high for things others will establish them-
selves adjacent to the reservation and come in
competition with him.
Mr. NYE. I think this is the lav/ as it is,
and I ask the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, who inaitjaiton all these points, whether
heretofore these traders have not had their per
mission or authority from the post commander ?
This proposes to take it away from the post
commander and give it to the Secretary of
War.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator permit
me to correct him ?
Mr. NYE. I have the indorsement of the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. CORBETT. No; he says he does not
know.
Mr. THAYER. I will read the statute.
Mr. NYE. What statute?
Mr. THAYER. Page 23, volume fifteen,
Statutes-at-Large, approved March 20. 16u7 :
11 That the commanding General of tlio Armv shall
be authorized to permit a trading establishment to
be maintained after the 1st .lay of July. 1X67, at an«
military post on the frontier not in the vicinity o'f
any city or town, anu situated at any point between
tjie one hundredth meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich and tho eastern boundary of the State of
California, when, in his judgment, such establish-
ment is needed tor the aceomniouation ot emigrant?,
Ireifrhteis, or other citizen.-."
Mr. NYE. We ail know when (hat was
done and u hat. it was done for. i hat was in
ifc-07. 'I hat w,ts done to Uke the appointment
out 0! tUe hands of a certain person.
