1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to specie payments, while the national credit
will be established. Not at once eau all this
be accomplished; but I aoi sura that we may
now do much.
As often as I return to this subject I am im-
pressed by the damage the country has already
suffered through menacing propositions affect-
ing the national credit. I cannot doubt that
in this way the national burdens have been
sensibly increased. By counter-propositions
in the name of Congress we have attempted
to counteract these injurioas influences. We
have met words with words. But this is not
enough.
There is another remark which I wish to
make, although I do little more than repeat
what I said on Mother Occasion. It is that a
national debt when once funded does not seem
to affect largely the condition of the currency.
The value of the former is maintained or de-
pressed by circumstances independent of the
currency. But on the other hand, the condition
of the currency bears directly upon all efforts
for increased loans, and this is of practical
importance oa the present occasion. The rules
of business are the same for the nation as for
an individual; nor can a nation whenitbecomes
a borrower hope to escape the same scrutiny
wliichisapplied'to an individual under similar
circumstances. Applying this scrutiny to our
ease, it appears, that on our existing bonded
debt, we have thus far performed all existing
obligations, uot without discussion, I regret to
add, that has left in some quarters a lingering
doubt with regard to the future and not without
art opposition still alive if not formidable. But
thecaseis worse with regard to that other branch
of the national debt, known as legal tenders,
where we daily fail to- pecform existing obli-
gations* so that these Botes act nothing more
than so much faMfid paper* With regard to
this branch ef the national debt, there ia an
confession ofipsolveaey, and each day
renews the confession. Now, the immuta-
ble law* of credit wfcioh all legislative enact-
ments are impotent to e^uikeraat or expunge,
the nation must gaffer whea it enters the market
as a borrower. Failing to pay these obligations
already dae  it mast pay more for what it bor-
rows. .Nor can we hope far more tbaa partial
anccess ontil thiadishoaor is removed.
With these preliminary remarks, which are
Bather hints than argu meats, I come direetly
tp the measure before the Senate, and here I
begin with the &ett section.
X wish the Seoftte wo«l«l note the difference
between thia seetieit ia my bill and in the sub-
stitute ef the committee. I proposed to author-
ize the ef $G 00,000,000 of Ten-Forty five
per cents, and prescribe the use to which the
proceeds of ?aekbond shouldbe applied. The
emu m it tee propose $400,000,000ofTen-Twenty
five per cents, and leave the application of the
proceeds the subject of discretion. Between
the two propo&itioas there are several differ-
ences; qrst,ia the amount; secondly, ia the
length of the boud; asd thirdly, in the appli-
cation of the proceed*,, : >
Here I beg to observe that the original sura
of $500,000,000 was not inserted by accident
or because it was a rottnd and euphonious sum.
Nothing of the kind. It waa. the result of a
careful examination of the national del)t ia its
detai ls, especially in the light ef the national
credit. It was adopted because it was the very
sum required by the nature of the case. 4-t
least so it seemed to me. A brief explanation
will shew if I was not right.
The year 1862, which marks the date of oar
legal tenders, marks also the date of a new
system ia regard to our loans. Senators are
hardly aware of this change. Previously our !
standard for Sixes was an immutable loaa for 1
twenty years. By the new system, this itumn- ;
tability was continued as to the right of demand
by the bondholder, but the right of payment i
was reserved to the nation at any time after
five years. This change, as we now see, gave ;
positive advantages to the nation. Its disad- jj
vantages to the bondholder were so apparent
that it encountered resistance, which was over-
come only after undaunted perseverance and
final appeal to the people. Now, by recurring
to the schedule of the national debt, you will
find that the first loan within the sphere of
this discretionary system is the Five-Twenties
of 1862, which, on the 1st of February last,
after deducting the purchased bonds, were
$500,000,000. This, therefore, is the first loan
falling within our discretion, the first loan we
are privileged to pay before maturity, and the
first loan presenting itself for payment. In
these incidents the loan of 1862 has precedence.
] It stands first.
| But there ia a reason, which to my mind is
of peculiar force, why this first loan should
be paid in coin at the earliest possible day.
It seems to me that I do not deceive myself
: when I consider it conclusive on thia question.
The loan of 18C2 is the specific loan, which has
been made the objective point of all the move-
ments under the banner of repudiation. It is
the loan to which this idea first attached
itself. It is the loan first menaced. There-
fore, to my mind, it is the loan which should
be first provided for. I know no way short of
universal specie payments by which the national
credit can be so effectually advanced.
Happily the substitute of the committee in-
volves noquestion of principle. My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will bear with me when I
say there will be no difference between us Oft any
question of principle. Thesum of $400,000,000
may be taken instead of $500,000,000. Each
loan proceeds on the same idea of meeting our
liabilities. But 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator unless he desires.
Mr. SUMNER. Rather when I have con-
cluded. I prefer not to be interrupted now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely wished to ask
a question in regard to a point stated by the
Senator; but if it be understood that I shall
hare ait opportunity of doing so when the
Senator shall have concluded let him proceed.
Mr; > SUAfNER. Very well. But as we
look farther -we find differences which involve
important consequences. The loan proposed
by the committee has not, to my mind, the
elements of success promised by the other
loan.' It is assumed in both cases that the
coin for the redemption of the existing obli-
gations shall be obtained in Europe. Then
we most look to the European market in
determining the form of the new loan. Now,
I have reason to believe that a coin loan to the
amount of $500,000,000 may be obtained in
Europeon Ten-Forties at par, provided the new
bonds are of the same form and purport as
the Ten-Forties which are already bo popular,
and provided farther, that the proceeds of the
loan are applied to the payment in coin at par
of the Five-Twenties of 1862. The reasons are
obvious.' The Ten-Forties have a good name,
which is much to start with. It is like the
credit or good will of an established mercan-
tile house, which stands often instead of capi-
tal ; and then the fact that the proceeds are to
be absorbed in the redemption of the first Five-
Twenties, so often assailed, will most signally
attest the determination of the nation to main-
tain its credit. These advantages cost nothing,
and it is difficult to see why they shoald be
renounced.
The change from a Ten-Forty bond to a Ten-
Twenty bond,as proposed by the committee, is
a'change, so far as I can perceive, made np
of disadvantages. To the nation there is the
same rate of interest, and there is the same
fixed period daring which this interest must be
paid y while, on the other hand, the period of
optional payment is reduced from thirty years
to ten years. If there be advantage in this
reduction, I do not perceive it. If, at the ex-
piration of ten years we are in a condition to
pay, we may do so as readily under a Ten-Forty
as under the Ten-Twenty proposed. If, dur-
ing the subsequent ten years of option, our
advancing credit enables us to command a
lower rate of interest, surely we may do so just
as favorably under one as under the other.
There is no benefit within the bounds of imagi-
nation, so far at least as I can discern, which
will not redound to the nation from Ten-Forties
as much as from Ten-Twenties. On the con-
trary it is within possibilities from disturbance
i in the money market of the world, or from
i other unforeseenfircutnstances, that it may not
be convenient during the short optional period
of the committee to obtain the necessary coin
without a sacrifice. The greater latitude of
payment leaves the nation master of the situa-
tion, to pay or not to pay, as is most for the
national advantage.
It seems to be understood that the proposed
loan is to be made in Europe. As coin is more
abundant there than here, this would be only
according to the natural course of things.
This might be by voluntary exchange for the
bonds of 1862 on the part of holders, or by
promiscuous sale. So much of the proceeds
as were not required for the bonds of 1862 held
abroad, would naturally be applied to the pay-
ment in coin of these bondsat home. As some
of these bonds are now deposited as security
for bank circulation, it would seem as if this
operation must strengthen the coin reserve in
the banks to such a point as to aid the tran-
sition to specie payments.
There is another consideration, which I can-
not leave unnoticed. It is sometimes said that
by waiting we may obtain better terms than
now; that we may make a loan at four and a
half per cent., or it may be at four per cent.
Naturally I ask, how long shall we wait ? Upon
whatterms? Atwhatcost? Waitingtenyears
for a four per cent, loan—and I see no reason
to expect any large amount at this rate during
this time abroad—it will be at a money cost
of fifty millions, and if in the mean time we
have not vanquished repudiation so that its
hisa ia no longer heard, we must wait another
ten years at the money cost of another fifty
millions. Even if within five years we could
make a loan of the amount desired at four per
eent., there would be no pecuniary advantage
from the delay; while during this critical period
our expenditures would be five millions anna-
ally more than they need be.
There is still auother consideration of prac-
tical value. We must not make an effort and
fail. Our course must be guided by such pru-
dence that success will be at least reasonably
certain. For the nation to offer a loan and be
refused in the market will not do. Here as
elsewhere we must organize victory. Now, it
id to my mind doubtful, according to the inform-
ation within my reach, if the loan proposed
by the committee can be negotiated success-
fully at par, while there is reason to believe
that such a loan as 1 have proposed, with its
more popular conditions, would be received
with favor. Bankers there may be who would
gladly see themselves announced as financial
agents of the great Republic; but it remains
to be seen if there are any competent to handle
a loan t>f $600,000,000 who would undertake
it on the terms of the committee. I am clear
that it is not prudent to make the experiment
when it is easy to offer another loan with pos-
itive advantages sufficient to turn the scale.
Washington, in his Farewell Address, said,
Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a
situation? Why quit our own to stand upon
foreign ground?" In the same spirit I would
say, Why forego the advantages of a well-known
andpeeuliarsecurity? WhyquitourTen-Forties
to stand upon a security which is unknown,
and practically foreign, whether at home or
abroad?
In the loan as proposed by me there are
three conditions, to which I call attention again:
first, the amount, which is $500,000,000 ; sec-
ondly,the terms of the bonds, being Ten-Forties;
and, thirdly, the proceeds are to be applied
to the first loan of 1862. In such a loan we
find assurance of success, with the promise of
