2572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
to plan a railroad throughout the vast Ter-
ritories of the Uuited States. Why, loo!: sit
any map now upon which these plans are kud
down, and the whole territory oi' the United
States west of the Mississippi is a perfect
net-work of projected railroads. Every man
who thinks he can make something by such
a scheme goes to work to get up a railroad
project. Every little neighborhood whose
imagination can be excited by the idea that
it is to be traversed by some new road, which
is to bear tbe commerce of Asia to the east-
ern States, and the commerce of the East to
Asia, is hot foot for a new railroad and for
a great subsidy from tbe Government to build
it. I was pointed the other day to plans before
the Senate now for railroad subsidy by two
companies, and a gentleman assured me that
you could sit in the cars on one railroad and
shake bauds with a passenger in the cars on
the other. And yet they are here for hundreds
of thousands of acres, nay, for millions of
acres of the public domain. The whole coun-
try is thus out up by projected railroads, and
all of them are asking Congress to give them
tbe public domain. I for one will not. consent.
1 am willing to select out of these enterprises
those, that, have merit, those roads that ought
to be built, and ought to be built now, and 1
am willing to give them aid in the. manner I
have indicated, and 1 am willing to give them
the right of way and the right to take mate-
rials: but as to vesting in them the fee in the pub-
lic domain, thus withdrawing itlrom the actual
settlers upon it, thus withdrawing it from the
operation of your preemption and homestead
laws, thus taking it from the men who are en-
titled to go on 11, to bo held in perpetuity by a
corporation) and increasing the dillieulty to the
poor man in becoming the owner of it, 1 never
will consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. lilCE. I wish to say a word or two
upon this amendment, more with a view to seo
whether 1 understand tho principle on which the
Government, land has heretofore been granted
for public improvements of this kind. I have
always understood that the proposition to grant
public land to railroad companies was based on
tho idea of developing tho country, of encour-
aging settlement throughout the country where
the road was to run. 1 havo understood also
that the granting of laud to settlers under the
homestead law was exactly for the same pur-
pose. I have always understood that tho pre-
emption law was based on the same idea. I
have never understood i hat any of these grants
were made for charitable uses, for tho purpose
of extending a charily to A, 13, or C, who might
go on this or that piece of land; but that they
were made for the purpose of encouraging the
settlement and development of tho wilderness
that was granted away in this manner.
If that be true, the railroad company stands
exactly in the same condition as a settler, and
there is no more propriety in saying that the
railroad company shall sell their land, after
they have made it valuable, at $1 25 an acre
than there is saying that the settler under the
homestead law when ho sells his land, after
he has improved its value, shall sell it also at
25 an acre. Doth were given their land
lor the same purpose. The Government made
the grants in order that settlement might be
extended into the wilderness, and in order to
crowd back the savage and increase civiliza-
tion. When the homeftcad settler does it, he
gets his one hundicd and sixty acres of land or
whatever amount, the Government sees proper
to allow. He has gone there under a contract;
he lias gone there not, as a subject of charity,
but as a man who has been granted one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, provided he will
go forth into that dangerous country and make
settlement. So the railroad company goes out
on the same mission. We contract with the
company, "If you will go into the wilderness.
build a road, and thereby open that country
to settlement, we will give you so many acres
of land to the mile.'' Why should not their
title be as absolute as that of the homestead
settler? Why entangle them and complicate
them by tying up their grant as to the manner
of sale ? The value of the land consists in their
power over it. The value of their land con-
sists also in the improvements that they make
upon it by reason of making their railroad.
Now, shall we complicate that value, shall
we decrease that value, by providing for all
time to como how they shall dispose of it,?
No, sir. Whatever wo give them, tho true pol-
icy is to give them absolutely; and the stock-
holders, as sensible men, as men who look to
their own interests, will sell that land to those
who will settle along the line ancl become
patrons of that road. Their interest demands
that they should sell it, not at §1 23 an acre,
perhaps, but at a tair price; and there is no
charity required to any man whose way is
opened into that country, and who is able to
buy one hundred and sixty acres at $1 25 an
acre. He is no object of charity that wo shall
require of tho company to sell to him for that
sum. No, sir. Ho goes there, not as a pau-
per, but as a citizen ; and ho goes there on a
route made easy by tho railroad. Ho takes his
family ; ho buys his land for what it is worth,
and what ho can afford to pay. Tho way has
been opened for him. lie is not the pioneer,
but tho men who make tho railroad are tho
pioneers who havo made that kind valuable,
and ho can go as he would go into one of the
older States and pay for the land what it is
actually worth. That is the real policy on which
1 have always understood these grants were
made to either settler or railroad company.
I would say further, thai as this settlement
and development of the country is desirable,
whatever course is necessary to induce it I
am willing to take. If it is noccssary to give
the number of acres of laud por mile that is
given in this bill 1 am willing to do it, because
the land is without value until the lailroad is
made. 'They arc what make that land worth
even $1 25 an aero. They are what make it
worth anything to tho country. Therefore I
say, ivhatover ir. takes to build the road, what-
ever it takes to induce capital—for no company
will have capital enough in the pockets of its
own stockholders to buihl such a road—to come
forth and invest in the road, 1 utu willing
should bo done. As the roads of tho western
country in Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas, Illinois,
and all the, groat routes havo been built with-
out this qualification, we know that.th.it policy
is successful. Therefore. I say, continue the
policy; continue it, as long as it succeeds in
building roads, -and do not change it out of
an idea that we must do something peculiarly
handsome to settlers. Wo may do thai when;
they arc the pioneers, but not where some-
body else is tho pioneer for them.
If 1 have been mistaken in all these ideas, if
I have been mistaken about the object of giving
away this land, my conclusions arc wrong. If
the grants have really been given for charitable
uses, then 1 am wrong in my conclusion, then
although you havo given the land once to the
railroad to open the country you should after-
ward give it to the settler as matter of charily;
but I do not think 1 am wrong. I do not think
we have acted from that motive. I think tho
motive ail the time has been that we might
open up the wilderness, thatwc might settle the
great Indian question, that we might civilize
that which is savage and cultivate that which is
wild.
Mr. COItBHTT. Mr. President, this subject,
is not a new one. .1 ho Northern Pacific lail-
road is a project that as long ago as I can
remember was a cherished object. As early
as 1845 the building of a Northern Pacific rail-
road was a cherished desire of the people who
emigrated to the Pacific coast; and when a
portion of that country was in dispute, and was
being settled by the English, many of our emi-
grants went from Missouri and the other west-
ern States with a view of taking up lands in
Oregon, thereto make homes, with the expecta-
tion that a Northern Pacific railroad would ulti-
mately be built exteuding from the Atlantic to
tho Pacific.
This object has partly been inaugurated by
the grant of a subsidy of lands in alternate
sections for forty miles across this country.
That grant was made some six years ago, and
along the designated route settlers have settled
and taken up lands. The company, in going
over the line and making a cursory survey of
the route during the past summer, have ascer-
tained that large tracts of country have been
taken up by settlers. They find that miners
and settlors have followed the line of tho North-
ern Pacific road, taking up all the valuable
portions of the country along the valleys near
the road; and in order that they may prosecute
this work with vigor and energy they ask now
that Congress shall give them an additional
grant of land outside the present limits, enough
to make up the quantity of the original grant,
provided they can find that grant within ton
miles on either side of the limits of the alter-
nate sections heretofore designated.
Mr, President, I havo been desirous of en-
couraging this road in everyway possible, and
I am anxious for its speedy construction. Our
people are deeply interested in this project.
There is no one thing, I suppose, that they havo
more at heart than tho building of tho North-
ern Pacific railroad. That will tend to develop
not only the Atlantic but the Pacific coast.
Willi tho interior of tho country lying on this
route we have had much oxjierience in trade
and commerce. Wo find the expense of tho
transportation of goods, flour, and other pro-
ducts to tho interior to be from ten to fifteen
cents per pound, and much of the time it has
been far greater. During the winter season of
the year it is perhaps as high as from twenty to
twenty-five ccnts per pound. It is impossible
for the people in that interior country to carry
on agricultural pursuits. It is only in mining
that they can engage profitably at present. We
hope by the development of this vast country
through tho building of the Northern Pacific
railroad to make it a farming as well as a
mining country. We believo that there are fine
valleys there that can by development be made
to produce the cerealsandall thesmalier grains
and be made a profitable field for farming. It
is no greater distance from thereto market than
it, is perhaps now, or was a few years ago, from
Chicago to New York. From Montana and
along by the valleys through that country they
can take, grains and ship them to the Pacific,
when llus road shall bo completed, perhaps
cheaper than they now can from Minnesota to
New York. The cost of transportation as 1
remember it when I was traveling in that coun-
try fast summer was something like $1 25 to
$1 40 a barrel from Minnesota to New York
or Philadelphia by railroad.
It costs in my country to transport flour by
teams one hundred and twenty-five miles from
Portland up the Willamette valley $1 25 per
hundred, or $2 50 per barrel, or nearly twice
the expense that it costs to transport flour
from Minnesota to New York by railroad. For
one hundred and twenty-five miles it costs
something like $2 50 a barrel to take it to a
market where they get five dollars a barrel for
theirllour. Consequently it costs one half for
the simple transportation of the flour from tho
place where it is produced to the market, and
hence that portion of the country is very little
devoted to the raising of wheat, aud the peo-
ple of all that region have to devote themselves
l,o grazing purposes, raising butter and such
like products that can be taken to market at a
small expense.
If that be the case at a distance of one hun-
dred and twenty-five miles I should like to
know what can be the value of the lands in
the interior of this country a thousand miles
from the Pacific coast and a thousand miles,
