1870.
THE (XWGRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
reduced taxation, repudiation silenced, and the
coin reserves in the banks strengthened, it
may be. $150,000,000. With these objects in
view I hope I shall be justified in the effort I
have made.
On the other hand, should the amendment
of the committee prevail, I see small chance
of any near accomplishment of these objects.
And the more I examine this amendment, the
less does it commend itself, at least as com-
pared with the other proposition. Why the
amount is placed at $400,000,000 I am at a
loss to conceive. Here is no equivalent of any
one loan, nor of two or more loans. It is an
accidental sum, and might have been more or
less for the same reason that it is what it is.
The terms Ten-Twenties seem also accidental,
as they are unquestionably new. Of course, it
is assumed that the amount proposed of Ten-
Twenties at five per cent, will absorb an equal
amount of Five-Twenties at six per cent, irre-
spective of any particular loan ; but I am at
loss to see on what grounds the holders of the
Sixes can be induced to make the exchange.
Will the substitute bonds be considered of
equal value ? I affirm not. But assuming that
they are acceptable, how shall they be accept-
ably distributed ? Shall the first comer be first
served ? If all were at the same starting point
the palm might be justly bestowed upon the
most swift. In the latitude allowed stretch-
ing over all the Five-Twenties, there would be
opportunity for favoritism, and with this oppor-
tunity there would be temptation and suspicion.
All this you voluntarily encounter in departing
from the simple proposition, which I have laid
before the Senate, while our financial question
is handed over to prolonged uncertainty.
I am now brought to the substitute of the
committee for the second and third sections in
the original bill. Here again the amonnt is
changed from $500,000,000 to $400,000,000.
I am not aware of any reason for this change;
nor is there any peculiar reason, as in the case
of the Five-Twenties of 1862, for the amountof
$500,000,000. The Question between the two
amounts may properly be determined by con-
siderations of expediency, among which will
be that of uniformity with outstanding loans.
A more important change is in the time the
bonds are to run, which is Fifteen-Thirty years
for the bonds, at four and a half per cent., and
Twenty-Forty years for the bonds at four per
cent. Here occurs again the very argument
with regard to the inferiority of Ten-Twenties,
as compared with Ten-Forties. By the same
reason, the Fifteen-Thirties will be inferior to
the Fifteen-Fifties, and the Twenty-Forties will
be inferior to the Twenty-Sixties of the original
bill.
I have already shown on a former occasion
the superior value of a long bond, according
to experience, not only at'home, but abroad.
This prolongation of the bond is in the nature
of compensation for the reduction of interest.
Already for a loan at six per cent, we have
offered Five-Twenties, bnt for a loan at five per
cent, we have offered Ten-Forties. In the
same proportion, we should offer Fifteen^Fifties
for bonds at four and a half per cent., being
a difference of one half per eent. in the in-
terest for which there must be compensation
in the duration of the bond. Already we have
established the ratio of compensation for the
redaction of interest, and I see no reason why,
by a tentative process, we should change this
standard. The experiment can do no good,
while it may do barm. It is in the nature of
a restriction on our discretion and a limitation
of the duration of the bond, which, I fear,
must interfere essentially with its marketable
character.
If a Ten-Forty bond at five per cent, is an
equivalent for a Five-Twenty at six per cent.,
and the quotations of the former are now within
two per cent, of the latter, then would a Fifteen-
Fifty at four and a half per cent, and a Twenty-
Sixty at four per cent, be equivalent also. The
prolongation of time enlarges the option of
the nation, while it increases the value of the
j bond in the market. That which is most favor-
able to the nation, is most favorable to the mar-
ket value of the bonds, and that which ia un-
favorable to the nation is unfavorable also to
the market value of the bonds, rendering their
negotiation and sale more difficult and pro-
tracted. Thus at every turn are we brought
back to the original proposition.
Against this conclusion there is one other
argument, founded on the idea of English con-
sols. It is sometimes said, if the short tesm of
Five-Twenty years is the standard for a six per
cent, bond with a graduation toTwenty-Sixty for
a four per cent, bond, why may we notgo further
and establish consols at three per cent., run-
ning, if you please, to eternity? The technical
term consols is an abbreviation for the consol-
idated debt of Oreat Britain, and in the eyes
of a British subject has its own signification.
It means a debt never to be paid, or at least it
is an inscribed debt carrying no promise of
payment. There is another British security,
small in amount and carrying near the same
interest as the consols, which may be paid at
the option of Government, known as "term-
inable annuities." I would not have any debt
of the United States assume either the form or
name of consols. I would rigidly adhere to
definite periods of payment. This isthe Amer-
ican system in contradistinction to the British
system. I would not only avoid the idea that
our debt is permanent, but I would adhere to
the form of positive payment at some fixed
period, and keep this idea always present in the
, minds of the people. Without the require-
i ment of law I donbt if the debt would be paid.
Political parties would court popularity by a
reduction of taxation. The Treasury of the
United States, like the British Treasury, would
! always be without a surplus, and the national
| debt would be recognized as a burden to be
endured forever. Therefore do I say, no con-
i sols.
There is another consideration having a wide
influence, but especially important at the West
and South, which should induce us to press for a
reduction of the interest on our bonds, if not
to four per cent, or four and a half per cent.,
then at least to five per cent.; and here I pre*
sent an argument which, if not pressed before,
is none the less applicable.
Do Senators consider to what extent the
Government determines the rates of interest in
the money centers of the country? Not only
for itself does it determine, bnt for others also.
Government bonds enjoy preeminence, as an
investment, and if the interest is high, they
attract the disposable money of the country.
Government Sixes are worth more than a six
per cent bond of any private corporation or
| individual, no matter how well secured. There-
I fore, it is easy to see that so long as we retain
j our standard at six per cent.—so long as we
have Sixes—will the capital of the country seek
these bonds for investment, permanent or tem-
porary, to the detriment of numerous enter-
| prises important to the national development,
I which are driven to be the stipendiaries of for-
eign capital. Railroads, especially at the West
and South, are sufferers, being sometimes de-
layed by the difficulty of borrowing money,
and sometimes becoming bankrupt from ruin-
ous rates of interest always in competition with
the Government. But what is true of railroads
is also true of other enterprises, which are
pinched and even killed by these exactions in
which the Government plays such a part. All
are familiar with the recurring appeals for
money on bonds even at eight percent., which
is more than ean be paid permanently without
loss, and even at sach a rninous rate there is
difficulty in obtaining the required amount.
Doubtless the excessive interest now de-
manded is partly due to our fictitious cnrrency,
where failed paper is forced upon the market;
| but beyond this influence is that of our Sixes,
j absorbing disposable capital. I venture to
i assert that if we could at an early day reduce
these Sixes to Fives, there are millions which
would be released to seek investment in other
securities at six per cent., especially to the
relief of the West and South. The reduction
of interest to four and a half per cent, and
four per cent, would release further millions.
A recent incident in the financial history of
Massachusetts illustrates the disturbing influ-
ence of our Sixes. An attempt to obtain a
loan in Europe at five per cent, was unsuc-
cessful, chiefly because the national Govern-
ment offered six per cent.
Therefore, for the sake of public enterprise
in its manifold forms, for the sake of that
prosperity which depends on human industry,
for the sake of manufactures, for the sake of
commerce, and especially for the sake of rail-
roads by which all these are quickened, we
must do what we can to reduce the general
rate of interest which is now such a curb on
enterprise, and here we must begin with our
own bonds. Without any adverse intention
the national Government is a victorious com-
petitor, and the defeated parties are those very
enterprises whose success is so important to
the country. A competition so destructive
should cease. Keeping this before us in the
new loan, we shall adopt that form of bond by
which the interest will most surely be reduced.
Thus, while refunding the national debt, we
shall open the way to improvements of all
kinds.
This is what I have to say for the present on
the refunding propositions of the committee.
Their object is the same with mine. If I differ
from them in details, it is because after care-
ful consideration it seems to me that in some
particulars their system may be improved.
Proceedingfrom these pivotal propositions,
I find other things where I must again differ.
When I first addressed the Senate on this sub-
j ject I took occasion to declare my objection to
the idea of agencies or offices in the commercial
centers of Europe, where interest should be
paid. I am not ready to withdraw that objec-
tion, though if I could be tempted, it would
be by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
when he held up the prospect of a common
money among nations. This is one of the
desires of my heart, as it ig one of the neces-
sities of civilization; bnt I fail to see how this
aspiration will be promoted by the System pro-
posed, which most be judged on its own merits
without any such recommendation.
It is easy to see that such a system, besides
being the beginning of   new policy on the part
of the Government, may entail serious embar-
rassments. Sub-treasuries must be created in
foreign capitals, which must be continued so
long as the bonds last. Remittances of coin
must be semi-annual, and should sach remit-
tances fail at any time, there must be advances
at no little eost to the Government. I cannot
imagine any advantage from this new system
sufficient to induce us to eftcoutiterthe possible
embarrassments or entanglements which it may
cause.
I would not take too much of tfafr time of the
Senate, and therefore I pass aC once to the
propo&iliort of the committee, being section
seven, providing for the very early payment of
the national debt.
Mr. President, the payment of the national
debt is an American idea, and I would say
nothing to weaken it among the people. What-
ever we owe must be paid; but it is the part
of prudence to make the payment in such way
as, while consistent with our obligations, shall
promote the national prosperity. In this spirit
I approach the proposition of the committee,
in which there is so much of good, only to ex-
amine and measure it, in order to ascertain its
probable influence, especially on the question
of taxation.
Here it must be borne in mind, that the pres-
ent measure in all its parts, so far as applicable,
and especially with its guarantees and pledges,
must be taken as the basis of oar new engage-
ments. The provision, that so tnach of the
