1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Aicl for Arizona-—Mr. McGormick.
Ho. of Reps.
action of the Radical party in forcing upon us
negro suffrage and negro equality.
When the message of the President and the
proclamation of the Secretary of State was read
in this Chamber, notifying the House of the
adoption of the fifteenth amendment, my friend
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] in his place here
declared "that the State of New York had not
ratified the fifteenth amendment.'' The hon-
orable gentleman from Indiana [M-r. Niblack]
rose and declared to the House and the coun-
try "the pretense that the State of Indiana had
ratified this amendment was a fraud on the
people of that State, as well as upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States.'' These declar-
ations produced sensation, and in the quiet
that prevailed the message and documents went
to the Speaker's table.
Sir, the two States of New York and Indiana
weie necessary to make the ratification com-
plete.
The Secretary of State certified, among other
things, as follows:
"And further, that it appears from an official doc-
umont on file in this Department, that the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York has sinco passed reso-
lutions claiming to withdraw the said ratification of
die said amendment, which h;id been made by the
Legislature of that State, a.nd of which official notice
had been filed in this Department."
Thus it appears officially that the State of
New York had recalled, repealed, and declared
void the resolution under which it is claimed
she had given her voice in favor of negro suf-
frage under the form of the amendment. New
York recalled her action before the necessary
number of States had been forced to ratify the
amendment. Could she repeal the action of a
former Legislature? Certainly not, alter three
fourths of the States had officially decided in
favor of the amendment; and we contend that
until three fourths of the States had actually
and finally ratified it it was incomplete, merely
in process of consummation. The final judg-
ment of the people, the last expression of will,
must govern. But, sir, if it be true that a State
cannot recall its action, where do we stand in
relation to Ohio? The Legislature of Ohio
refused to ratify the amendment. The next
Legislature repealed the action of a previous
Legislature and certified to the adoption of a
resolution iri favor of the fifteenth amendment.
If Ohio can change her action in this respect it
will hardly be contended that New York cannot.
Bui Ohio is necessary to make the requisite
iiur :.er of States. Twenty eight States must
con U- to make it binding. Without New York
and .ndianayou have twenty-seven only. With-
out Ohio and Indiana you have not the required
three fourths. You now ask to have all these
questions, wholly judicial questions, settled by
■a, sweeping act of Congress, covering these fla-
grant errors, so that you can rest quietly under
the fraud committed upon the people. The sec-
ond section of this bill is to be retroactive in
its operation, and is intended to settle the
question of the right of New York to withdraw
her action in reference to the amendment. If
that were not so there would be no need of this
section of the bill. It refers to amendments
"heretofore proposed by Congress." It has
direct reference to all the amendments recently
passed, and especially to the one relating to the
enfranchisement of the negre race. Without
the passage of this law it would not be a valid
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. Was it legally ratified by the required
number of States? This question should be
reserved for judicial investigation, without the
passage of a law attempting to legalize the pro-
ceedings which without it might be void.
This act seeks to make alt the proceedings
of Congress nnd I^egulatures of States hereto-
fore and hereafter valid and forever unchange-
able. You may pass such an act, but it will
have no binding force or effect. No force can
attach to such legislation. Then, sir, as I
believe you cannot change, add to, or alter
what has been done in relation to the amend-
ments to the Constitution, it becomes a serious
question whether the fifteenth amendment was
ever adopted. I repeat, leaving out New York
and Indiana, you have but twenty-seven States,
one less than is requisite. To make the twenty-
seven I include Virginia, Texas, and Missis-
sippi, and each of these States voted to ratify
the amendment under coercion. They were
denied representation in Congress until they
first ratified the fifteenth amendment. The
States lately in rebellion were compelled to
yield before their admission into the Union.
Nor is this all. Nearly all of the State Legis-
latures were not elected with a view to the
question of conferring upon the negro the rights
of an American citizen.
I have thus briefly referred to this subject.
Nolegislation here will prevent judicial inquiry.
When the excitement of the hour shall have
passed away, and when the judiciary shall be
allowed to act without dictation from Congress
or political parties, let this great question,
involving the dignity and the supremacy of
the white American people, be submitted to
the highest court as the final arbiter, and that
decision will be respected and obeyed.
Aid for Arizona.
SPEBiCH OF HON. R. C. McCORMICK,
OF ARIZONA,
L\" tim House of Representatives,
July 11, 1870,
On the Senate resolution So. 217, to pay tlio expenses
of tho delegations of Indians vhiting tho city of
Washington, and for tho purchase of present* for
the members thereof.
Mr. McCORMICIC, of Arizona. As the ex-
penses, Mr. Speaker, for the payment of which
this appropriation of $50,000 provides have
already been incurred, and delay in meeting
them would probably embarrass tho Indian
department, 1 will not now discuss the resolu-
tion, whatever my opinion of it, hut rather
expose what I believe to be the inconsistency
of the House in making so libera] an allowance
for a measure of doubtful propriety, when for
the protection and encouragement of our own
suffering citizens upon the frontier so little has
been done.
Fifty thousand dollars are g ven lo entertain
Red Cloud and Spotted Tail upon the luxuries
of the land, while their hands are yet wet with
the blood of white men, while no provision is
made for the widows and orphans whom they
and other hostile savages in our Territories
have made, orfor the losses of property through
their disastrous depredations.
Sir, I hope this costly entertainment will pro-
duce as good results as sanguine gentlemen
predict, but I doubt it. With my eloquent
friend from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] who under-
stands the Indian nature, I think the policy a
mistaken one ; for Indians, instead of being
" impressed with the magnitude and power of
this nation,'' as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] suggests, have the impres-
sion that when you bung them here to feast
them and cajole them you are afraid of them
and are trying to conciliate them. Or if this is
not always the case, as they pass thro ugh^ our
cities and towns, and witness the extent of our
country and the numbers of our people, they
become envious and dissatisfied. In all his
conversations while here the surly Red Cloud
showed a spirit of jealousy and discontent, and
I shall be agreeably surprised if .he is more
peaceably inclined in. the future than he has
been in the past.
I am disposed to tho opinion that tne ap-
pearance of an additional regiment of well-
mounted and armed regulars or volunteers
in the land of the Sioux would have better
impressed Red Cloud and Spotted Tail with
the "magnitude and power of the nation,"
and had a more salutary effeet upon them,
than anything they saw in their triumphal
progress through the States, "the observed
of all observers."
But, sir, what I especially desire to call the
attention of the House to at this time and in
this connection is the condition of affairs in
the extensive Territory I have the honor to
represent upon this floor, and with which I
have held an official connection for a number
of years.
In a brief speech I found opportunity to make
in February last, when the Indian appropriation
bill was under consideration, I spoke of the
struggle there, of the great odds against which
tho settlers had to contend, of the ferocity of
the Indians, and of the absolute necessity of
better protection for life and property. I pre-
sented an authentic list of atrocities committed
by the Apaches, the very recital of which made
the blood run cold. I showed where innocent
travelers had been wantonly attacked by the
road-side and brutally murdered and mutilated
where, upon the principal mail routes, even that
upon which you expect so soon to build youi
great southern railroad to the Pacific, stage-
coaches had been seized and all their occupants
consigned to such deathful tortures as savage in-
genuity alone can devise. I pointed to thefarmer
shot at his plow, to the miner pierced by arrows
at his mine, to the herdsman killed in the field,
to the freighter stricken down and scalped by
the side of his train, and to the robbery and
destruction of a vast amount of valuable prop-
el ty. My only difficulty was to find language
and time wherein to properly picture the state
of affairs which has existed for years in one of
the largest and richest Territories of the Union.
Subsequently a prominent Senator [Mr. Stew-
art] unfolded the same bloody record in the
Senate, had it read at the desk and inserted
in the Globe, and there in those countless col-
umns it slumbers with his comments and with
mine.
At the first opportunity after my arrival here
I appeared before the Military Committee of
the House with the various petitions of my peo-
ple and their Legislatures and made an urgent
appeal for help'for those so sorely oppressed
by a barbarous and powerful enemy. The
Governor of the Territory came to the commit-
tees of both Houses "with a tale which holdeth
children from play and old men from the
chimney corner;" a stirring string of fearful
facts, sufficient, we thought, to arouse atten-
tion and action in any quarter.
Nearly every mail since received has brought
reports of fresh and even worse outrages than
we told of; the papers have teemed with revolt-
ing accounts of raiding and rifling, of shooting,
scalping, and torture, and yet neither House
lias found time to discuss the propriety of
affording measures of relief; even tile commit-
tees have failed to report, and upon tho plea
that the country is "at pc-ace, the Army has
been reduced."
Sir, I am well aware that Congress has haa
much upon its hands, that the great questions
growing out of the war for the integrity of tne
Reoublic, the issues of finance, taxation, and
reconstruction, have demanded consideration
to the exclusion of almost everything else. I
am also aware that the appeals of other Terri-
tories disturbed by hos-i'i Indians, appeals
entitled to prompt attorn i ■ if not so pressing
as those from Aiizona, la.. net no response,
yet I am unwilling to return to My constituents
without entering a respectful but emphat'C
protest against this indifference, which, after
all. I must think inexcusable, and which to them
will seem little less than criminal upon the
part of Congress; indifference made the more
significant hv i'i;- attention given the Inctian
