1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2573
perhaps, from Lake Superior. Those lands
cannot be made valuable otherwise than by
building this Northern Pacific railroad. I as-
sert that the land on the line is not worth ten
cents an acre without the building of the rail-
road.
The Senator from Ohio has estimated the
amount of land granted at twenty-five thou-
sand six hundred acres per mile. If the com-
pany should receive all this in good arable
land, such as would be found in the State
of Iowa, it might be valuable, and might be
worth $1_ 25 per acre on the average; but I
have no idea that the land is all good land.
I know much of it is mountainous, much of it
is uneven, much of it only desirable for graz-
ing purposes, and much of it is untimbered.
When they get into the mountain ranges they
find it timbered. I am informed that they will
have to construct one tunnel on this road some-
thing like two and a quarter miles in length,
the cost of which tunnel will be perhaps
$1,000,000 a mile or more. It will take much
laud to bring a $1,000,000 at $1 25 an aero.
Senators must perceive that if you restrict this
company to the price of $1 25 an acre, or even
two dollars an acre, for the land it is a prac-
tical defeat of the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. President, if this company can build this
road with this grant of land I and the people
whom I represent are certainly in favor ol
giving it to them. The land is of no practical
importance to us now. The best portion of
the land along the valley of Walla Walla, in
Washington Territory, is taken up. The Crrand
Round valley, in Oregon, is also taken up and
thoroughly settled. They get no lands along
there. Much of the best of the land is taken
up on that end of the route. The company
only get a large proportion of the lands as they
advance far into the interior, and in that poi-
tion of the country they are least desirable,
least valuable. It is not supposed that this
company are going to put a price on these
lands that will defeat the building of their road
and defeat the settling up of the land along
the line. It will not be for their interest to do
so. Every one must see that in order to make
this road a success the company will have to
sell the lands to actual settlers to promote set-
tlement and build up a local trade all along
the line of the road. Otherwise it cannot be
maintained, and otherwise the project cannot
be made valuable, cannot be made profitable
in any way.
This company have, I understand, a scheme
of immigration, in connection with the build-
ing of the road, for bringing immigrants from
Europe and settling them along the line, thus
building up the country, developing the lands,
and making them productive and valuable.
If they by building this road can do so, thereby
adding to the taxable property of this country
perhaps four hundredfold what it now is, it
certainly must be to the great advantage of
the Government and the whole country. The
more we can distribute the taxes and the greater
the amount of the people there are to pay them
the more advantageous is it to all our people.
I congratulate the State of Iowa on her able
representative here, [Mr. Haelax,] who has
set forth her interests so well in former limes,
and has obtained for her people such valuable
grants of land. I look upon the map and I
see that that State has had valuable grants of
land; that she has some five or six; roads run-
ning parallel with each other from the Mis-
sissippi to the Missouri rivers. That those
grants have been large is acknowledged. That
the lands are all valuable every one who has
traveled over that State must acknowledge.
Her geographical location is sych that those
great navigable streams, the Mississippi and
the Missouri, have given to her unprecedented
natural advantages. If there is any reason
why any State should riot receive such grants
it would apply to that State, with her natural
advantages along these water-courses, so that
she would seem not to require them to the
extent of a country like that, covered by this
route, far in the interior.
The Senator from Iowa-asks us" whether it is
best to give all the lands to this road; whether
we do not desire roads to be built- nearer than
within fifty or one hundred miles of each other.
I will telHhat Senator that we are not very apt
to get railroads within one hundred miles of
each other. If we can get this railroad, which
will be in its line about from five hundred to
six hundred miles from the Union and Central
Pacific railroad, perhaps a greater distance in
many portions of the country, we shall be very
glad. We are now separated from that road by
about six hundred and fifty miles ; that is the
nearest point we can reach it from Portland.
Now, we desire to have the advantage of a
northern Pacific road, that we may have direct
communication with the eastern portion of onr
country. AVe desire to reach the nearest water
communication, in order to have the cheapest
mode of transportation, the great chain of
lakes, which will ultimately, in my opinion, be
the great medium for carrying the commerce
from Asia. The advantage of this road, so far
as the Asiatic traffic is concerned, everybody
must admit. By looking at the map all must
be satisfied that it will shorten the distance by
from two to three days over the present route.
This has been recognized by every one who has
examined the subject.
Mr. President, 1 do not see that we are to
gain anything by restricting this company and
defeating this great object. If we desire a
Northern Pacific railroad we must give a lib-
eral grant to this company to enable them, un-
restricted, logo on and build the road, to mort-
gage the road, and to mortgage the lands in such
manner as they may see fit, and may deembest
for the interests of themselves and of the road.
They certainly do not get any land unless they
build the road. They cannot mortgage any-
thing which they have not. They cannot
mortgage these lands, or at least if they mort-
gage them it will be ineffectual, unless they
build the road in accordance with the grant.
They mortgage the lands that tliey may get,
in accordance with the grant made to this road
on certain conditions, and in fulfilling those
conditions and building this road in a first-
class manner through this vast extentof coun-
try they get a patent for the lands, and when
they get the patent for the lands the mortgage
becomes a lien on them, and not until then.
The change of the route for the main branch
down the Columbia river is simply a change
of the original grant. We authorized them to
construct a branch to Portland with the same
grant. This simply authorizes them to buiid
their main line down the Columbia, and to
extend a branch to Puget sound. That portion
of the country is very well settled up and there
are but few lauds there to be had. They
may get a few timber lands back in the Cas-
cade lange of mountains; it depends on where
they locate their line; but along the valleys a
large proportion of the land is taken up. Con-
sequently, the land grant there will be of very
little advantage to them, comparatively speak-
ing. That has been settled up, and it is one
of the oldest-settled portions of the country,
where the Hudson Bay Company and Puget
Sound Agricultural Company settled in early
times, and many of our American settlers have
gone in now and taken up those lands since
the Hudson Bay title has been extinguished.
To limit this grant, to impose conditions on
the sale of these lands, as^ proposed by the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to two
years, to compel settlers to reside upon them
for two years, would certainly embarrass the
company very much. They .desire, as rapidly
as they can get possession of these'lauds, to
have patents to thern, and to deed the lands to
the actual settlers that they propose to place
upon the lands by the immigration scheme to
which I have referred; and the poor people
who are going to settle on these lauds desire
to get their title immediately when they go
upon t.hem. The company will not be likely
to charge a rate of interest that will tend to
their own detriment upon these lands. If they
do the immigrants will not take up the lands.
The immigrants will not go upon the lands if
the company charge an exorbitant interest. It
is for the interest of the company to fix the
price of lands and the rate of interest at a low
figure in order to induce as large an immigra-
tion to this section of country as possible. The
immigrants certainly will seek other portions
of the country, where lands are cheaper, unless
they do, and they must make it attractive;
otherwise they cannot carry out their project.
They cannot build the road, they cannot settle
up the country without offering extraordinary
inducements to these people; and for this rea-
son I think there is no danger of the company
charging an exorbitant rate of interest or exor-
bitant prices for the lands.
It is fair to presume that this company will
not get more than one fourth or one half pos-
sibly of the lands donated by the grant. Pro-
vided they should get half the grant of good
lands, it would be something like twelve thou-
sand acres a mile. They would have to gel
over two dollars an acre to make $25,000 a
mile, and the road will probably cost. $50,000
a mile. Without any grant of subsidy other
than these lands from tho Government every
one must sec that it is impossible for this com-
pany to build this road unless they have free
scope, they must have opportunity to mort-
gage the lands and wait for great portions of
them to increase in value after the building
of the road. They may settle up the lands
as rapidly as possible with immigrants, and
yet there will bo large tracts of this conn-
try that cannot be settled up and cannot be
made valuable until a great many years here-
after. The limit of mountainous lands to fif-
teen years would be unjust. These lauds are
entirely valueless to them, and perhaps will
be so for twenty-five years; but eventually, as
the country settles up and becomes thickly pop-
ulated, they may bo of some value. They
desire, perhaps, to look to that future.
I understand that tho stockholders in this
company have subscribed a largo amount of
money to carry out this project; that bona fulc
subscriptions have been made to this road to
the extent of ยง5,000,000 and a little over ; that
the parties are determined to pay this money
in and to embark that amount in commencing
tho construction of this road, both on the Pa-
cific aud the Atlantic ends. This bill provides
that they shall build twenty-live miles of road
on the Pacific side before 3871; and I under-
stand that those who have taken hold of this
enterprise are taking hold of it in good faith,
with a determination to carry through the pro-
ject. This company have beeu seeking capital
ists to take hold ofitforthe past six years. They
found it impossible to get people who were
willing to risk their money in this enterprise
during the past five years. Time has pro-
gressed, and tho settlers have gone along the
road aud taken up the lands, and the people
who uow desire to invest their money, risking
their credit, risking their future prosperity,
are determined to put this amount of money in
this road ; and in doing it they desire some
future recompense for the outlay of their money.
Without looking to the future every one must
see that it is impossible for them to reimburse
themselves. If you are going to restrict them
to a certain number of years for the sale of
their lands, and to avery limited and small price
for them, it is a practical defeat of the building
of the road; aud Senators cannot propose such
amendments as the Senator from Ohio lias
offered without seeing that the effect will be to
defeat the road practically. Whether so in-
tended or not, that is the result practically.
I trust that this company will be allowed this
extra grant of land that they may go on and
raise the capital for building this road, and that
they may secure that capital by a mortgage of
their road and.their lands in such a manner as
