1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5405
Mr. THAYER. Exactly; but will my friend
allow me to finish the statement I was making?
The object of this section is to put it back in
the hands of the Secretary of War, where it
was before. It does not enlarge the power of
the Secretary of War one iota, and I ask that
lie will not, repeat the statement again that the
object of this section is to create a monopoly.
I say to him distinctly that the object is to
reinvest ihe Secretary of War with the power
which wo took away from him by this joint
resolution of 1867, which 1 have read.
Mr. IS YE. 1 have made no such charge.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator so stated two
or three times.
Mr. NYE. I say the effect is to make it a
monopoly.
Mi. THAYER. No more than it was before.
Mr. NYE. I move to strike out the words
"Secretary of War" and insert " post com-
mander."
Mr. WILSON. That will not do.
Mr. NYE. Why not? I am told it will not
do to trust to everybody. I believe you had
better trust trade to itself and let the post com-
mander keep it within regulations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada moves to amend the section by
striking out the words "Secretary of War"
and inserting "post commander."
Mr. WILSON. Better strike out the whole
section than do that.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to offer an amend-
ment to the section before it is stricken out. I
move to amend the words proposed to be
stricken out by inserting:
And provided further, That no intoxicating liquors
shall be kept by any such trader or sutler, to bo sold
or given away to any person whomsoever.
Mr. WARNER. I understand that under
the resolution of March 20,1867, which is now
in force, the General of the Army is allowed
to pei m it one trader, and only one, at any mil-
itaiy post. The effect of this section is to
repeal this resolution, and give that power
which the General of the Army now has under
the resolution to the Secretary of War. That
is all the effect of it, to transfer the power from
the General of the Army to the Secretary of
War, the General of the Army having now the
authority to appoint only one at each post. If
the motion of the Senator from Nevada pre-
vails, to strike out this section, it remains just
where it is ; the General of the Army has au-
thority to appoint one, and the Senate it seems
to me accomplishes everything by leaving the
section in and inserting the words "or more
than." There is then discretion in the Sec-
retary of War to increase the number.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is first on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada, to strike out the words
"Secretary of War" and insert "post com-
mander."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. NYE. Now I move to strike out the
entire section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion to perfect it before it is stricken out.
That is the motion of the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] to add a proviso prohibiting
the sale or giving away of intoxicating drinks.
Mr. POMEROY. I am told that now the
law prohibits the sale of liquor to soldiers. If
liquor is good for anybody, it is good for sol-
diers as well as officers, and if you are going to
prosciibe everybody, proscribe your officers
and not your soldiers.
■Mr. NYE. Let me ask my friend one ques-
tion. Suppose a sick emigrant comes along,
as it is not very infrequent when there are fifty
or a hundred a day 
Mr. POMEROY. Liquor is the worse thing
an emigrant can get.
Mr. NYE. That makes my friend the doctor.
I have seen the good effects of it on the plains
and felt it. [Laughter.] I protest against my
friend striking off the medicine.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 11, noes 15.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "one" the words" or more,"
and changing "establishment" to "establish-
ments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada to strike out the section.
Mr. THAYER. I hope it will be retained
as it is.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. At the last count we
developed the wane of a quorum, and we have
got to take the next vote by yeas and nays or
we cannot do anythiug.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas is correct. The last division
developed the want of a quorum. Does the
Senator desire the question to be taken over
again ?
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have another count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is satisfied that there is a quorum present.
Mr. POMEROY. That will do, if the Chair
is satisfied.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out "Congress" and inserting "President"
in the fourth line of the second section, on
page 7 ; so as to read :
That the Secretary of War shall prepare a system
of general regulations tor the administration of the
affairs of the Army, which, when approved by the
President, shall be enforced and obeyed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I hope no further amend-
ments will be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendments arc offered, the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment
which has been read, on which I just want a
vote:
And be it further enacted, That even' private sol-
dier and officer, and every seaman, marine,andofficer,
or other person, who has served in the Aimy oi Navy
of the United States, or in the Marino corps or rev-
enue marine, during the rebellion for ninety days,
and received an honorable discharge, shad, by the
payment of legal fees or commission to any register or
receiver of any land office, be entitled to enter one
quarter section of land, notmineral, of the alternate
reserved sections of public lands along the lines of
any one of the railroads where the law now allows
the entry of eighty acres, wherever public lands
have been or may be granted by acts ol Congress to
aid in the construction of any railroad,andto receive
a patent therefor, under and by virtue ol the provis-
ions of the act to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain, and the acts amendatory
thereof, and on the terms and conditions therein pre-
scribed ; and all the provisions of said acts, except
as herein modified, shall extend and be applicable
to entries under this section ^ and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is hereby authorized to
prescribe the necessary rules and regulations to carry
the provisions of this section into effect and determ-
ine all factsnece^sjiry therefor.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear a
brief explanation of tliis proposition before we
act upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I can explain it in one sen-
tence. It allows a soldier or sailor who is now
entitled to eighty acres under the homestead
act to take one hundred and sixty acres if he
pays the fees. They complain that eighty acres
is too small for a homestead, and this allows
them, if honorably discharged, by paying the
fees, to locate one hundred and sixty acres for
homestead purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. They can take eighty acres
now as a homestead within the limits of a rail-
road grant.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. nOWARD. Why double the quantity
in railroad grants?
Mr. POllEROY. Because the soldiers com-
plain that eighty acresisso small afarrn. Every-
body can take eighty acres. This will allow-
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors to
take one hundred and sixty acres on paying
the fees, and will include nobody else.
Mr. HOWARD. It makes a discrimination
in favor of the soldiers and sailors.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; under the home-
stead act only.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not exactly like the
principle. These lands are amoug the most
valuable lands in the United States, or will be,
after the railroads are constructed.
Mr. POMEROY. They are all open now.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; but open by
eighties ; only eighty acres can be taken as a
homestead.
Mr. POMEROY. Not legally; but if a man
wants one hundred and sixty acres he takes
eighty and puts eightyin the name of his chil-
dren. There is a kind of duplicity which I
want to avoid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whynotmakeitgeneral?
Mr. POMEROY. Because we want to do
something for the soldiers.
Mr. HOWARD. We cannot make any such
discrimination between settlers. One settler is
as good as another who goes to settle on lands
honestly.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall adopt
this amendment. Certainly the soldier ought
to have some preference. The man who risked
his life and has become wounded, perhaps, in
the war, deserves a preference. Why should
he not have one hundred and sixty acres as
well as anybody else ?
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist that this dis-
crimination in favor of a soldier or sailor who
becomes a settler on the public lands is not
just toward other settlers. The man who goes
upon the land aud takes it up as a homestead
and improves it, cultivates it, and lives there
with his family, although notasoldier or sailor,
is as good at least as a soldier or sailor, and I
do not see why the soldier should be rewarded
with a double quantity of homestead lands, to
the prejudice of those who do not happen to be
soldiers. "Equity loves equality," whether
it is in the Army, Navy, or in civil life. And
where you make a preference in favor of one
class you certainly give offense to other classes.
I would put them on an equality throughout.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. Is the amendment of the
Military Committee as adopted amendable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by addition.
Mr. CORBETT. On page 9, line seventeen,
I wish to change the word "fourteen" to
"sixteen," so as to make the pay of chaplains
$1,000. I think $1,400 is too little. They have
always had the pay of captains heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take the sense of the Senate on this amend-
ment now, though it is not strictly in order.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend
ed, and the amendments were concurred m.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time aud pat-sed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill 111 regard
to servile labor.
Mr. SUMNER. Mrs. Lincoln's bill was
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been
two bills passed over. This bill was pending
at twelve o'clock and passed over. The bill
for Mrs. Lincoln was taken up afterward ; the
other being up was passed over informally.
Mr. NYE. My colleague is not here. Let
us take up Mrs. Lincoln's bill.
