2574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
to make them secure. I believe that they ought
to have this privilege. When we consider that
the Union and Central Pacific railroads had
halfas much as this grant of lands, and had from
the Government money aid to the extent of
$75,000,000 besides, to build those roads, it is
nothing more than justice to this company that
you should give them a liberal grant on liberal
terms; that you should not restrict them. This
should be an exception, in my opinion, to roads
in general. This is a great work. It is a her-
culean task to build this road. With the pri-
vate capital invested in it, if it can possibly be
built by this grant of land, I think every Sen-
ator will see the importance of doing it and
giving liberal terms. I trust that 110 such
amendment will be adopted as that proposed
by the Senator from Ohio, and that we shall
proceed to pass this bill as desired by the
company.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, on Satur-
day the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] saw proper, in reply to an accidental
remark made by me, to suggest that this rail-
road company had been embarrassed by the
official act or want of official action of the
Department of the Interior when 1 had the
honor to act as the head of that Department.
IJe staled, as a reason for not locating the line
of the road on the part of this company, that
1 had thrown some impediment in their way.
As 1 do not desire to do the honorable Senator
injustice I will read his words. 1 had remarked :
"The claim for tho passage of this mcasuro is
basetl in part on the declaration that settlors, home-
stead settlors, preemption settlers, havo gone on to
tho lands that, this company othenviso would havo
secured since tho dato of tho passage of the act, and
therefore the exteiior boumlaiie.s ousht to he en-
Jarned, in order that they may seeui-o other land* in
lieu of those that prcfrmptors and homestead settlers
are now occupying. Why did they not locate then-
road ? Why did they not stake i toll on the earth's stir-
face? Tile act was passed in 1801, about six years
ago."
To this the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan replied:
" If the Senator will allow mo, I will tell him why
they did not. 1 suppose the reason to have boon that
the Secretary of tho Interior—an ottice then i Uod by
tho honorable Senator who is now addressing tho
Senate—neglected to make an order to that eiTeot,
although ho was requested so to do by tho company."
And subsequently the honorable Senator saw
proper to say:
"A few dayf ago the Senator from Iowa spuko re-
proachfully of this company bccauso they had not
located their line of road and filed a map, and he has
repeated the same objection hero to-day, Ue seems
to charge them with willful neglect in not establish-
ing tho line of their road and tiling a map of their
road, and he thinks they are nor, entitled to any par-
ticular favor, having been guilty of such negleU.
Now 1 wish to read a document which 1 hold in my
hand as a reply to this objection on the part of the
honoiable Senator. It is a Jotter fi om the Secretary
of the Interior, dated March 1. 1870, in which he
wvs:
"Sm: I received your letter of the 3d instant, ask-
ing to be informed whether the Northern Puciiie
llailroad Company have liled a map of tho line of
their road, or any part thereof, and whether the lands
lying on the line of tho f=ame have been withdrawn
from market.
"In reply! have the honor to state that under dato
of March 9. 18G.">, Mr. Secretary Usher sent to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office a map upon
w hich the general line of said road from Lake Supe-
rior to Puget sound, as adopted by the board of di-
lOvjforp, was delineated, with a copy of a letter from
the president of the company, requesting a with-
drawal of the grant of lands, and statin*? that in
•\ icw of the llnid and sixth sections of the act of
.luly 2, 18G4, if the Commissioner should perceive no
objection, lie thought that tho odd sections along
the line for ten miles in width on each side in Min-
ik wou and "Wisconsin, and for twenty miles in width
along that portion ol the line extending through the
Toi i itories westward toPugetsound,should be drawn
.i-1 equated, a* preliminary to a final location of said
raiii oad.
" The Commissioner, under date of Juno 22,1864,
made a report to Mr. Secretary Harlan, stating that
in his opinion it was against public policy to make
the withdrawal prior to the final location of the road,
and as ttie late Secretary had not ordered it to be
j ii.de. asked for directions in the premises for tho
government of his office. It does not appear from
iho i ecoids ot this Department that any directions
•v ere ^:ivui, and no withdrawal was made.
" 1, powover, upon being informed by thecompany
ibaJ warties were proceeding in advance of their
fi)gmeer~ and entering their most valuable lands,
ad\ij?ed them, under date of the 21-st ultimo, that
upon their filing amapdesignatingthe route of their
road from Lake Superior to tho western boundary of
Minnesota an order would bo issued to the Commis-
sioner of the Goneral Land Olfiee to withdraw tem-
porarily tho odd sootions not sold, reserved, &c., for
twenty miles on each side of the route.
41 Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
" J. D. COX, Secretary.
It seems, then, that the company as early as 1805
did make application to the Secretary of the Interior
to file this map and to have the lands on each side
of the line withdrawn from market. This was done,
 s this letter shows, in consequence of the omission
of the then Secretary of tho Interior, now the Sen-
ator irom Iowa, who opposes this joint resolution,
to give the proper order to tho Commissioner of the
Goneral Land Office."
The honorable Senator doubtless intended to
convey the idea that I had neglected the per-
formance of some official duty to the detriment
of this company ; and coupling that supposed
fact with the opposition I have presented to an
enlargement of this grant, of course he intended
to neutralize any facts and arguments that I
have attempted to submit in opposition to such
enlargement. If the honorable Senator had
seen proper to inform himself fully on this
subject ho -would not havo clone himself the
injustice of doing me this injustice. I hold in
my hand a copy of a letter of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, to which the
letter produced by the Senator referred, dated
June 22, 18(55:
T>rpahtment of thk Interior,
(iKXKKal Land Office, June'22,1865.
.Sir: Tho Into Secretary of the Interior, under
dato of tho Dili March last, inclosed to this ottice
a diagram showiug t ho prnposod routo of tho North-
ern Pacific railroad, for which a grant of lands was
made by the act approved July 2, 1861, (Statutcs-at-
Liirge, pamphlet taws, 1801, page 3Go.) This diagram
was filed in the Secretary's othce, accompanied by a
request for withdrawal of lands.
As no withdrawal was ordered by tho Into Secre-
tary, no action was hero taken upon the applica-
tion.
Mr. Perhain, the president of tho railroad com-
pany, has called attention to tho matter; and in
submitting it I havo tho honor to state:
1. That tho present application deals with the rail-
road system of granting lands on tho largest scale
known to congressional legislation.
It extends hum Lake Superior to tho Pacific ocean,
and, allowing for probablo deflections, may bo set
down at 2.025 miles in length, taking in alternate
sections, 47,308 000 acres m a holt of forty miles wide
through the Territories and twenty miles wido
throughthe Slates; thegencralorconjecturalcour.se
being indicated on the map herewith.
By tho opinions of Attorney General Cushing of
December 1'.), 18ot>, and February 10, 3857, (Opinions
of Attorneys General, vol. viii,, pp. 24i and 390,) and
the action of the Department, railroad grants take
©fleet irom tho dato when the survey of tho routo is
actually made on the faco of the earth.
The evidence required of the route under tho es-
tablished ruling of tho Department is a connected
map, showing the exact location; the map indicating
by ilag-stafhs tho progress of the survey: tho map to
be authenticated by the affidavit of tho engineer
with the approval of the accredited chief officer of
thogiantoc. That prool is required toshow tho pre-
cise portions of each section or smallest legal sub-
divisions cut by the route.
In tho Judgment ot tho commissioner no with-
diawal should bo ordered until such map is filed in
tho (Jcncrul Land Office; and although in tho Attor-
ney (lencral's opinion (Mr. Gushing) the right takes
hold from the date of actual survey on tho ground, yet
upon that point this office, with deference to superior
1 cjra I authoril y, holds that tho grant does not become
elleetivo until the map is actually filed in the dis-
trict land office, where citizens resort to ascertain
what i.-v public land and what is not, so that pur-
chases can bo made without danger of conflicting
title. Yet. even admitting that the right in the rail-
road grant attaches from the date of such survey, wo
are without the means of ascertaining and determin-
ing the inteiests of rightful claimants until such map
is tiled.
Now, in this view the commissioner reports that
no withdrawals should be ordered until the map of
actual survey, authenticated as indicated, shall be
filed in district and general land offices.
This may be done, starting from the cul-dc-mc of
Lake Superior, the eastern initial pointof theroute,
and stretching thence westwardly to the western
boundary of Minnesota; tho lines of the public sur-
veys having been that far established.
2. Tho same course of proceeding to bo had in re-
gard to that portion of the road falling on the western
or Pacific side within tho range of existing public
surveys; but
3. Of course no withdrawal can now ho no ado on
account of the road in the region of country extend-
ing across that part of tho continent between the
west boundary of Minnesota to the eastern surveys
of "Washington Territory, because over that Terri-
tory the lines of the pubhesurveyshave not yet been
esfabliehcd.
In this extended locality the withdrawal should
only be ordered, as the public surveys are advanced
and survey of r.ulroads es>f abliohod in like manner as
indicated under first head.
4. A goneral withdrawal upon conjectural or un-
certain basis might result in shutting out from set-
tlement large bodies of laud which on actual survey
would show were not within the grant, while lands
would be omitted from the withdrawal which tho
survey might require to be included.
'JLhcn it as not sound policy, nor is there any war-
rant m our land legislation for doing any act tho
tendency of which would give preference to satisfy-
ing a grant on such a stupendous soalo as this, while
individual claims under our general system of land
laws, homestead, preemption, and sales would be
unaided by any such preliminary discriminating
proceeding.
Theresultof a premature withdrawal on uncertain
basis would be unjust to the pioneer settler, detri-
mental to the public interests in arresting the pro-
gress of settlement and disposal in that direction of
tho public domain, and to that extent checking the
growth and prosperity of our frontier, and that too
in tho vicinity ot a colonial dependence of a power-
ful nation; would be a prejudico to the interests of
the railroad grant it-self in excluding settlors and
immigrants, whoso labor and moans would enhance
the value of such lands as in tho ordinary progress-
ive operations of tho land system would in due time
fall to the grant.
The land system should be so administered that
all the difteront acts of land legislation may bo at
tho sumo time in full operation, giving precedence
to no ono law over another, unless where the terms
of law indicate tho public will to beotherwise, leav-
ing corporate or other grantees and individuals
respectively to have tho benefit of thoir superior dili-
gence in establishing find completing their several
claims according to law.
Jk'or these considerations this office deolincs order-
ing a withdrawal until authenticated maps of tho
actual survey of the several portions of the routo
shall bo successively filed from time to time to com-
pletion, nhowing tho connections of said portions
with tho lines of the public-surveys; yet respectfully
submits the foregoing considerations for such direc-
tions a<  tho Secretary may bo pleased to give in tho
premises for tho government of this office.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Jamks IIaulax, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. President, from this paper it appears
that no map of any location ever was filed or
ever was presented; 110 such map as would
warrant the action of tho Commissioner of the
General Land Office; none that was authen-
ticated by the oath of the locatingengincer and
the affidavit of the chief officer of the company
itself, stating that that was the route of the
company. No act, therefore, was put forth by
them which would bind the company, and
which could bo used as a guide for the Depart-
ment in adjusting the conflicting claims that it
was foreseen would doubtless arise between
the company and the preemption and home-
stead settlers.
But, sir, I have here tlie opinion of the
Attorney General on which that opinion of the
Commissioner of the General Land Officc was
based, and it arose in the Iowa cases. Tho
first opinion referred to is found in volume eight
of the Opinions of the Attorneys General,
page 244, What I will call the syllabus is in
the following words:
"The grant* of public lands to the State of Iowa
for railroad purposes by the act of May 15,185G, aro
conditional anmisin pt ccac.nti,\x\ the nature of a float,
which do not attach to any particular parool of tlio
public lands until tho necessary determinative lines
shall have been definitely fixed."
The opinion covers several pages. I will read
one paragraph only. This is the opinion of
Attorney General Cushing:
" In my opinion, therefore, the act by its text
m akes a eondit tonal grant in prcescnti, in the nature
pi a float, and which does not attach to any particu-
lar parcel ot tho public lands until the necessary
determinative lines shall have been fixed on the faco
ot the earth."
A collateral question arose in administering
the law in pursuance of this opinion of the
Attorney General, and that was, whether the
rights ot the company would attach imme-
diately on the filing in the General Land Office
of the mapof the actual survey, a map drawn
u ^e^'no^es of the engineer making
the location, or whether their rights would be
deferred until transcripts of that map were
L ,*n local land offices for the guidance
of the register and receiver in the disposition
of rhe public lands; and on that question the
Attorney General rendered an opinion as clear
as the preceding. The caption of the opinion
is in these words :
"By surveying and marking on the ground the
