5406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. CONKLING. I move that tlie Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit, first, a message from the President of
the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; my motion
yields to that.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolutions of the Senate of the 20th
of May and the 14th of June, 1870, inform-
ation in relation to the seizure of American
vessels and injuries to American citizens dur-
ing the hostilities in Cuba; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1005)_ to authorise the
President to accept the resignation of judges
of any court of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled jointresolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) authoriz-
ing the nomination and appointment of Lieu-
tenant Charles II. Pendleton and Richard P.
Leary as lieutenant commanders on the active
list;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of
Texas; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 359) in rela-
tion to enlistments into the Marine corps, and
for other purposes.
MARY LINCOLN.
Mr. CONKLING-. I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state the condition of business before the
Senate before going into executive session.
The bill in regard to servile labor was passed
over for the purpose of considering Mrs. Lin-
coln's bill, and that also was passed over
informally.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Question.
Mr. SUMNER. Mrs. Lincoln's bill was
taken up on motion, as I understand, and the
bill in regard to servile labor was not passed
over informally ; it was displaced by the bill
for Mrs. Lincoln.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is correct. It was dis-
placed, and the bill in regard to Mrs. Lincoln
was taken up by vote of the Senate.
Mr. S LIMNlill. And that bill was laid
aside informally for the Army bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is right;
and Mrs. Lincoln's bill is before the Senate.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make one
word of explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. I have given way half
an hour to oblige Senators, and'I will yield
to my fiiend from Pennsylvania.
I'KRSONAL EXPLANATION '0005113 TAX.
Mr. CAMERON. It will be remembered
that I voted against tho income tax from the
beginning. I found it necessary to go homelast
Knday night, believing that there would be no
session on Monday. That was the third time
during this whole session when I have left the
capital for my home. I came back on Tues-
day morning very much fatigued ; and as soon
as I arrived I came to the Senate Chamberand
reported to my friend, the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Spi'.agve,] that I was present, as
he had been kind enough when I left to say that
he would pair off with me 011 the subject of the
income tax. After I had remained hero many
hours—I think till eleven o'clock at night,
fatigued as I was—I went to him and begged
him to pair with me during that eveningon the
same question. Indeed, I did not believe then
that there would be any vote on that question
during that night; but it happened that the
Senate took a final vote.
There are some persons in Pennsylvania—
very few 1 hope, and I do not think they are
very good people—who do not like mo; and
they have taken the opportunity of this occa-
sion to say very unkind things ot' me, and two
or three whose names I do not know, because
they do not put their names to their letters,
have written me very offensive epistles, charg-
ing mo with all sorts of bad motives forgoing
out in place of voting on that question. J only
desire to ask the attention of the reporters in
the gallery to this subject, and to request them
to say to the country that when that vote was
taken the Senator from Rhode Island rose in
his place and said that he was paired with me
on that question, so that my vote, if 1 had
been present, would not have changed the re-
sult. This fact appears in the Globe. I have
no doubtthe reportersthoughtitof noaccount,
and really it was of very little account; butl
ask them to state it, and I ask the Senate to
believe me that I did not leave this place for
the purpose of avoiding the vote.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Nobody here believes it.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think anybody
liere does; but I think it necessary to say to
some people at home, who hardly deserve my
attention, that I left after having spent twelve
hours in session here.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in re-
gard to Mrs. Lincoln will remain tho unfinished
business. The question is 011 the motion of
the Senator from New York.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
STEAMSHIP SERVICE TO AUSTRALIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes its session.
The Chair understands that by an ^rder of the
Senate this afternoon the unfinished business
was to go over until Monday at noon, and this
eveningwas to be devoted to the consideration
of the Australian steamship bill, except that
by unanimous consent any other business might
be done.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that the Ter-
ritory of Dakota has 110 representative in this
Hall, and a bill has been reported from the
appropriate committee, and it has passed the
supervision of the careful eye of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] who says it is all
right; and I ask the Senate to yield me ten
minutes that that bill may be taken up. It
grants only five sections to the mile.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business will go over until Monday. The Aus
tralian steamship bill is before the Senate, and
| tho Chair understands the Senator from Cali-
I forma to yield to the Senator from Maine, who
I desires to call up a bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The agree-
ment this afternoon, as I understood, was that
a session should bo held this evening to enable
the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] to
submit some remarks upon the steamship bill.
That was ihe statement of the understanding
made by the Sena!or from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull;] but I do not object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have conferred with the
Senator from Illinois on this subject, and he
consented to this bill being taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection or to a demand
for the regular order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is it understood that the
session is now open for all sorts of business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Australian
steamship bill is regularly before the. Senate,
and if objection is made no other business can
be considered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It strikes me that this is
not exactlv right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Oregon objects the bill cannot be taken
up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not want to be held
responsible for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the Senator from Oregon to
object. It is within the power of any Senator
to object to the bill being taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not want
to object; butl do say that it was said hero
that an agreement was made that was binding
upon the honor of the Senate. Those were the
words that were used by some one.
Mr. TIPTON. I object, on the ground that
it was announced from the Chair that there
was a distinct understanding that nothing but
this one bill would come before the Senate
to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator understands
that here is the Territory of Dakota without
any representative at all in this Chamber, and
it must have some of its business attended to
at some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thepresentoccu-
pant of the chair was not in the chair at the
time, or he would state it himself upon his
own responsibility ; but he was not in the
chair, nor in the Chamber, at the time when
this agreement was made. The bill proposed
to be taken up by the Senator from Maine is
objected to by the Senator from Nebraska.
The Australian steamship bill is therefore
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Let it be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say to my friend
from Nebraska that I conferred with Senator
Tiiumeull two minutes ago. He was the man
who made the statement, and he said he had
no objection to this bill coming up. I told
him what it was.
Mr. TIPTON. It was distinctly understood
that no man would lose anything by being out
of his place here to-night, from being unweil or
otherwise, for 110 bill but the Australian bill
would be taken up. Unanimous consent was
given to that understanding.
Mr. RAMSEY. No man will lose anything
by taking up this bill.
Mr. TIPTON. I demand the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the Senator from Rhode Island.
[Mr. Anthony,] who was then occupying the
chair temporarily, stated that that was the
understanding. The Australian steamshisf bill
is therefore before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 78G)
authorizing the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Australia.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California desire action on the amend-
ments reported by the committee now?
Mr. COLE. Ye<s, sir.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Commerce.
X lie tirst amendment was in section one, line
five, to strike out the word "sixty" and insert
'' thirty ;■' so that the clause will read:
That tho Postmaster General be, and he is hereby.
