3518
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
hereafter by intimating that if he pursues a
certain policy his seat will know him no more
here. It is alike unworthy of those to whom
he offers it, and of the Senator whose great
renown has filled this country, and who yester-
day made the remark alluded to.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to speak
at any length on this bill. I believe, as I said
when I began, that the speech of the Senator i
from Connecticut but reechoes the sentiments
of the vast majority of the people of the Re-
publican party; and I believe that the acute-
ness of the Senator from Indiana has in this ,
instance failed him, and that he has not suffi-
ciently studied the sentiments of the party of
which he is so distinguished an ornament. I
think that when the people speak on this sub-
ject he will find that he represents not that
majority which might have tne right to read a
minority out of its ranks, but that he stands in
a minority which may rather ask to be admit-
ted to the orthodox platform of the party. j
Now, Mr. President. I should like to ask the
only representative of the race whose peculiar
rights and privileges it is assumed by some
Senators, and those who think with them, that
they protect, what his individual opinions on
this subject of political disabilities and test-
oaths are; and when I sit down I should re-
gard it as a favor, as I have no doubt the Sen-
ate would, if he would let us hear a voice from
that race which represents so largely what is
called the loyal element of the South. I would
like to know whether his people, who know
the South, who have lived there all their lives,
think that it is wise for all time, or for an in-
definite period, to keep so large a portion of
the intelligence, the wealth, the virtue of the
South in a condition of political slavery. I
use the term "political slavery," and I hardly
need to qualify it, for every man who is not the
equal of another in his political relations is in ;
some sense a slave. I should like to know |
whether that distinguished Senator believes
that the Republican party in the South would |
be benefited or otherwise by the retention of ,
the test-oath and the disabilities imposed by :
the fourteenth amendment. I think, if we
have been rightly informed, as to what his
sentiments are, that he will say that he would
regard the protection which will be given to
the loyal people of the South by an absolute
amnesty for the past as the best protection
that could be given them, and that in this in-
stance, as in many others in history, pains
and penalties, proscription, test-acts, after the
close of a great war, are not the way to restore
Mr. President-
peace.
Mr. ABBOTT.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make an appeal
to the friendsjof the bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from North Carolina yield the floor ?
Mr. ABBOTT. For a moment.
Mr. STEWART. I must appeal to the friends
of the bill not to discuss this collateral question
any further than is absolutely necessary. I
have attended to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, and am willing to agree
to it. I believe there is no issue as to general
amnesty before the Senate now, and I hope
the debate will take a different turn.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Nevada to have given his assent to
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut?
Mr. STEWART. The amendment as modi-
fied, striking out the last clause of the second
section of the amendment I first offered, I am
willing to agree to.
Mr. HOWARD. That is to strike out the
clause " and shall forever be disqualified to
hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States or any State."
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to strike out
that clause.
Mr. HOWARD. I will take the liberty of
saying that I do not give my assent to that
amendment. «
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
still pending before the Senate. The amend-
ment to the amendment has not yet been
acted on.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Nevada has seen fit to accept
that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I think this is a very im-
portant bill, and I think the bill is very well.
But without the clause which the Senator from
Connecticut moves to strike out it will answer
all the purposes any one can desire. I have
therefore consented to agree to this amend-
ment. Before sitting down I will simply say
further that I hope we shall stand by this bill
and pass it to-night.
Mr. HOWARD. We cannot do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to suggest that, in
my judgment, we are wasting this whole day.
The House of Representatives yesterday passed
a bill which covers the main points involved
in this matter, for which we all desire to vote.
It is true I have not been able to read the
House bill, but I know generally that it covers
the same ground embraced in the Senate bill.
Now, if we shall pass the Senate bill in any
form, and eend it to the House, the result will
be that each House has passed a different bill
on the same subject-matter, and we shall be
further from an agreement than we were before !
the first bill was introduced. The true way, in ;
my judgment, is to take up the House bill and
make such amendments to it as will meet the
sense of the Senate. Thus we at once ap-
proach a conference between the two Houses,
and may in this way finally get some bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment. I believe
that a very large majority of the Senate know
that it is necessary to pa,ss such a bill to meet
the action of opposing parties and those who
are still governed by their prejudices. I sub-
mit to the Senator from Nevada whether he
had not better let us go on with the appropria-
tion bill until the House bill comes to us.
Mr. SUMNER. The House bill is here,
and it is in the same parliamentary stage as
the Senate bill. It has been read twice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
from Nevada and to the Senate whether at
this stage of the session we had not better take
up the House bill, give the Senator from Nevada
time to look over it carefully, see wherein it
differs from his own, and let the proper amend-
ments be made, and then we can pass it.
Mr. STEWART. I certainly cannot con-
sent to that course. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Ohio should have made the sugges-
tion until he had read both bills. I have read
both bills, and I cannot possibly consent to
any such arrangement. But I will suggest that
when our bill shall have been perfected it can
be offered as a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I wasgoing to suggest that.
Mr.STE WART. That will be amuchshorter
way of arriving at the result than now to take
up the House bill and put the necessary amend-
ments on it. The committee spent much time
on this bill; and although it has been sneered
at, I will say that the Judiciary Committee
spent more time upon it than upon almost any
other bill that has ever been presented to the
Senate ; and I undertake to say that it can be
defended in whole and in all its several parts
when it is understood. Of course, when it is
not understood, and when something else is
talked about, the Senate will be slow in arriv-
ing at a result. But if we can get the Senate
to talk about the bill, and proceed to its con-
sideration properly, we shall very soon dispose
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I still adhere to the sug-
gestion I made. In order to expedite the mat-
ter you have got to base the action of the Sen-
ate on the House bill, because it has already
passed the House ana come here. If the Sen-
ator should propose to take up the House bill
a single objection would put it over to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. It has been
read twice to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it cannot be read the
third time.
Mr. SUMNER. Itis in the same condition
with the Senate bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; it cannot be
read the third time to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the Senate bill can-
not be read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can, because it was
read a first and second time some days ago.
Nor does the suggestion of the Senator from
Nevada now meet the difficulty, if we go on and
perfect the Senate bill in ignorance of the House
bill, as we are now, because it has not been laid
upon our tables and printed. Now I ask the
Senator, whether it would be wise to submit
these questions, on a controversy between two
propositions distinct from each other, to a com-
mittee of conference and have but a single vote
upon their report ?
Mr. HAMLIN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from North Carolina still yield ?
Mr. ABBOTT. I have but a word that I
desire to say, until I see what course things
are to take on this proposition. I wish to say
now this evening merely this: that I dissent
from the whole modes of reasoning and the
philosophy of the Senator from Connecticut
and the Senator from South Carolina, as well
as my friend from Alabama, in regard to this
matter of amnesty; and if this debate is to be
allowed to take this course, I shall desire an
opportunity to be heard on that subject in the
light of experience and the light of my own
judgment.
Unfortunately this question of amnesty is
not before the Senate; but it is the second
proposition of the first amendment. The debate
has drifted into the subject of amnesty, and is
producing incalculable injury in the South,
beyond all question. Why, sir, the speech the
Senator from Connecticut made here yester-
day and to-day will within one week be flaunted
in every rebel paper over the South, and be
quoted against myself and every other man
who takes the position I do in that country.
I do not intend to enter into an argument or
an exposure of those miserable political falla-
cies; but I do intend, if this debate proceeds,
to take an opportunity to put a knife into this
bubble and prick it, because I believe it to be
false in all its bearings and in all its theories.
I believe it can result in nothing but mischief
at the present time.
That is about all I intended to say this even-
ing, and now I will await the course of events.
If the House bill is substituted, so that we are
relieved from the discussion of this subject, I
do not know that I shall have anything to say.
If we can get to a vote, I am always for a vote
in the quickest way we can get at it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a single word
in support of the suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I does seem to me that it
would be an economy of time, time which is
or ought to be worth something to us, if we
would adopt about the course that Senator has
suggested.
I have read the Honse bill. I do not know
precisely the form in which it comes here; I have
not read it as laid on the table; but there are cer-
tainly some things in that bill which commend
themselves to my judgment as better than the
provisions in the Senate bill. It may be said
in brief, perhaps, that it does not go quite so
far. Well, suppose it does not, and the Sen-
ate desires to go a little further than the House
bill; it is competent for the Senate to put into
its bill whatever the Senate shall see fit, and to
make it as much stronger as it desires, and it
is building our work upon a bill that the House
sends, and it is therefore, in my humble judg-
ment, a saving of time, if it can be done.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise with a view of
seconding the suggestion made by the Senator
from Ohio; and I merely desire to add that I
am glad the subject of taking off disabilities is
not now before us, because I should like to
