616
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Aid for Arizona—Mr. McQormick,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
problem as presented east of the Rocky mount-
ains. .
In his recent speech in the House (June 29)
upon the report of the conference committee
on the Indian appropriation bill, the gentle-
man of the Appropriation Committee in charge
ofthe measure [Mr. Sargent] admitted that in
Arizona the Indian expects to expel the white
man, and has never been taught his power,num-
bers, and resources; also that he has waged a
cruel and relentless war. The admission is
a truthful one, and I am glad to have it from
such a source, and hope the House will coti"
stantly bear it in mind. The Apache is in every
sense a wild man, a barbarian, with whom no
treaties have been made, and so none can have
been violated. Forinoro than a century lie lias
been engaged in active hostility, and hid victims
are numbered by thousands, wbi'eit vastextent,
of country bears Iheiraprintofhisbloody march.
Not simply to the region now known as Ari-
zona has he confined his ravages, but over New
Mexico,much of Texas, and the Mexican Slates
of Chihuahua and Honora has he carried death
and desolation. He is the most fiendish and
implacable of nil the savages on the continent,
and, owing to his stealih and cowardice, his
reluctance to fight, excepting when he has every
possible advantage and the certainty of plun-
der, and the peculiar configuration ofthe coun-
try to which, whenever pressed, he hurriedly
retreats, the task of subduing him is much more
difficult than those not familiar wii,h him or his
country may suppose.
Major General Halleck, commanding the
military division of the Pacific, m his leporf
to the War Department in 1807, spoke as fol-
lows :
" The Apaches and cognato tribes of Ari/.oiia, are
tho natural injd horoduar.v em-mics of tho whites,
ut' whatsoever nation or character. They have suc-
cessfully expelled from tlint- Territory the. Aztecs,
tho Spaniard,*, and the Mtwioaus, and they ivili yield
1 o our people only when compelled lo do so by the
riflo and the revolver. They probably resemble tho
Alriotui Bedouins nioro than any oilier people, and
murder mid robbery consulate almost their Mile
occupation. These i udi.ins do not ikdit in masses,
liko most of the tribes oast of t he ltoeky tuomiUiiis,
bat move stealthily in small lunds over the fieatcr
portion of Arr/.uaa ami the novthern parts of Sonora
ami Chihuiihua, wayhtyin;; and murdonnir travelers
on the roads.and plundei mi? and desiroyini: unpro-
tected ujsrieukurai and mining soLtlcmoots."
This testimony is concurred in by till who
have studied the character and habits of the
Apache. It is notoriously true, and the only
question is, in what manner is it, best to deal
with such a wily and pestiferous savage, one
who persistently blocks the way of progress
and outrage.! the instincts of humanily '!
To talk of bringing him to terms or gelling
him upon a reservation and keeping him there,
excepting through force, is, 1 think, a waste
of words. I wish it were otherwise ; tiiat the
kindly offices of persuasion and kindness, the
agencies of the humanitarian mid Christian,
could be made 'suflicient; and 1 do not, despair
that when he shall have been shown the power
of the Government these gentle oflices may
favorably impress 'his vicious nature, iiut
first lie must realize this power; he must not
be fought simply upon (he defensive, but by
the most vigorous aggressive movements, fol-
lowing bun to his most, secure haunts. To
this time, while the Government has expended
millions of dollars in attempting his subjuga-
liou, it has made but little impression upon
ii'ci Its movements have for tho most part
i. vu ^ defensive and spasmodic, and it has
uiniiiiy depended upon regular troops in a
■' vie ; for winch they are not well calculated,
n't hough they have at times met with much
success.
With the Mexicans, who have had much to
di> with Indian fighting, and who probably
understand it as well as any other people upoii
the continent, volunteer t.roops have always
been the favorite force, and have rendered the
best service. The people of Arizona have long
been of the opinion that a force recruited in
the Territory, composed of men familiar with
the country and with the habits and haunts
ofthe hostile Indians, would be the most eco-
nomical and effective. Their judgment in this
matter is sustained by indisputable evidence.
In 18G5 the Governor was given authority to
raise such a regiment, but when lie had four
companies mustered in he was prohibited from
recruiting more oil account of the stoppage of
hostilities at the Bast, the Government seem-
ing to lose sight of the fact that there was no
cessation in Arizona. These four companies,
although, according to the report of the ad-
jutant general of the Territory, they were
poorly provided for and suffered many priva-
tions, punished the Apache most severely.
According to the language of a resolution of
the Legislature, they inflicted greater punish-
ment upon the Apaehe than all other troops
in the Territory, besides ofttiraes pursuing him
barefoot and on half rations to his fastnesses,
cheerfully enduring the hardships encountered
on mountain and desert.
General McDowell, commanding the depart-
ment of California, including Arizona, refer-
ring to them in his report of October 18, I860,
uses the following language :
"They were tho most effective troops for tho ser-
vice iu that country Hint, wo have had, and liavo
done more than all the otheis together. In fact, it is
not too much lo y:iy thc.t they only within tho la-d,
your have liitlicted any considerable iujitiy 011 tile
hostile Apaches. Tho lejruhti' troops, u^ctl to a dif-
ferent kind of waii.tre, unused to the kind of life
accessary lo obtain any resn!Is a<cainst the Indians
in Arizona, seem to accjuiro very slowly the expe-
iieiieo necessary to enable them to bo effective tor
oifeusivo oporall011s."
Ma jor General Halleck, in his report of the
same year, refers to the efficiency of these
troops, and says:
" it, is erreatiy to be legictted that they could not
ho retained in tho service."
As Governor of the Territory, (in 1800,) in
a communication to the Secretary of War, I
urged the employment of such a force, and
showed its importance as a measure of econ-
omy; and upon coming to Congress, not only
to carry out, the urgent request of the Legisla-
ture, but 111 accordance with my own sense of
justice to the people I represent, [ introduced
a bill authorizing the Secretary of War, under
the direction of the President, to accept, the
services of vol tin tool's 1'ioni the Governor of the
Territory, in organized companies and battal-
ions not exceeding two thousand men in num-
ber, and for a term of service not less than two
years, these volunteers to bo employed in
cooperation with the regular force iu the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities.
This proposition, so reasonable and econom-
ical. has, 1 regret to say, not yet met favorable
consideration; and 1 fear, in the erroneous
ideas now so prevalent, at the East and in Con-
gress upon the Indian question, will not. There
is an apprehension that such troops would be
too severe in their action, as though war were
not always severe, and the fiontiermen are
charged with an eagerness to keep up' Indian
wars. Never was there a greater mistake.
Whatever the people of other Territories may
wish, those whom I represent constantly and
sincerely pray for peace. As a pioneer friend
1ms well expressed it:
"There is 110 moment at which tho whito men
would not, ngreo to forget and forgive the past with
ail it? bloody record unavenged if peace could only
1)0 assured. They ask for troops, not to kill Indians,
but to prevent white men from being killed. They
prayfor powcr.notto inaugurate slaughter, but that
peace may be preserved."
The charge is both unkind and untrue, as is
that so frequently insinuated, that the demand
for more troops is not for the reason that they
are actually needed, but for the pecuniary
profits to be gained by the trade they may
bring to the Territories. I deny that any
number of tho frontier settlers arc prompted
by such mercenary views, or that any number
of them are guilty of willful injustice to the
Indian, or responsible for his hostilities. The
proportion of bad men upon the frontier is not
now so great as is the common supposition at
the East, and the whole population must not
be held accountable for those who are guilty
of wrong-doing. Would the gentlemen who
represent the lower wards of New York city
in this House like to have tho whole body of
their constituents denounced as vile and worth-
less becanse ofthe class of law-breakers living
and operating in those wards?
Mr. Speaker, our pioneers are peculiarly
unfortunate in this Indian matter. They arc
not only subjected to attacks of the savages of
the West, but they are lectured by the wise-
acres of the Hast. Much ofthe trouble under
the latter head conies from New England and
fiom men who never saw an Indian in his
native lair. Now, when the New England
people had actual difficulties with Indians, and
knew something of the matter, they were far
more severe in their policy than we of the
West have ever been.
Have you any doubts upon this point? If
so it, will be easy to remove them. Cotton
Mather is an authority you will not, cannot
question. Listen, then, to his account, of how
t,lie Pequots weie brought to terms. The most
exaggerated version of the Piegan maiter did
not, present half so hard a case as this same
Pequot business, and yet the Pequots troubled
the Puritans comparatively little. He says that
in 103-1 they killed eight of the settlers; initio
they killed several sailors shipwrecked on Long
Island; in 163G they murdered the master of a
vessel at Block Island, and some few more were
captured and tortured. lie then brings his eii
max thus:
" Unto ait which there was annexed the slautditor
of nino men, witn the taking of two maids by this
horrid enemy."
This is his summing up of all the villainies
committed by this Pequot tribe, and yet he s-ys
the provocation was considered so great—
"That tho infant colonies of New England, finding
themselves necessitated unto tho crushing of sei-
pents, while they were yet in the cradle, unani-
mously resolved that, with the assistance of Uea\ en,
they would rootthisnest ofserpentsout ofthe woild ''
And all this bpcause some few men were
killed during three or four years. Yet a thou-
sand white persons have been butchered in
Sheridan's department alone in the last year
or two in a time of so-called peace; and more
men have been murdered by Indians in my
own congressional district since this session
began than all that Mather tells of! Every
day that members repose in these comfortable
seats someone of their racc is suffering the
indescribable pains of savage torture. The
chances are that at this very moment some
unfortunate man is being consumed by slow
fire, his ilesh torn in shreds from the living
body, while bis fiendish tormentors yell anil
dance with delight about him. Yet we hear
nothing of a "unanimous resolution to loot,
the nest of serpents from the world."
Much suffering has made our frontier people
humble, and they submissirclya.sk, simply, that
these serpents maybe restrained from s'inging
them ; and yet even this poor boon is denied.
But how did the old Puritans meet the ques-
tion? Tliey resolved to annihilate the Pequots,
if necessary. They sent a force of two hundred
men against them, surprised live hundred of
them ill one of their villages, surrounded nnd
fired it. arid roasted them alive—"barbeke.ice.rl
them," as Mather says. Not more than six or
eight out of the five hundred escaped. He
exults over the victory, calling it" agood morn-
ing's work." Then they followed up the strag-
glers, "trapping whole companies of them at
times," and it was "a gleaning as good as
a vintage;" and he relates with evident satis-
