1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
debt shall be paid annnally, will become in a
certain sense a part of the contract, although
not so-expressed in the bond. Not less than
$150,000,000 are set apart annually to be ap-
plied "to the payment of the interest and to
the reduction of the principal of the public
debt.'' This is a large sum, and we should
consider carefully if such a guarantee or pledge
lias in it the promise of financial stability.
Promising too much is sometimes as bad as
promising too little. Our promise must be
according to our means prudently employed.
If we assume obligations so large as to bear
heavily upon the business of the country, and
to compel unreasonable taxation, there will
be little chance of financial stability. They
will become the object of attack, and will euter
into the conflict of parties, and if repealed,
the national faith may be called in question.
I need not say that business must suffer. A
less ambitious effort on our part will be less
obnoxious to attack, thus leaving the bonds to
their natural position in the money market, and
strengthening all the movements of commerce.
In order to determine the operation of this
provision we must look into details. I have the
estimates before me, showing our present and
prospective liabilities for interest; but 1 con-
tent myself with presenting compendiously the
result, in order to determine the question of
taxation. Suffice it to say, that under the oper-
ation of the present measure there will be in
1871, after the payment of all liabilities for
interest, a surplus of $48(000,000 to be applied
to the payment of the national debt. With each
succeeding year the reduction of interest will
rapidly increase this surplus, and when webriug
into operation other provisions of the bill and
convert$500,000,000 of Sixes into a likeamoun t
of four and a half per cents, effecting a further
saving of interest, equal to $7,500,000 annu-
ally, the surplus revenue, as compared with
necessary expenditures, will in a brief period
approach $100,000,000 annually.
Here the question arises, is not this unneces-
sarily large'? Is it not beyond the bounds of
prudence and wise economy ? Shall we declare
in this fundamental measure a determination
to redeem the whole national debt within a
period of twenty-five years ? Can the indus-
tries of the country sustain such taxation? I
put the question. You shall answer it. The
/uture has its great claims upon us; so also
lias the present. I submit that the pending
measure sacrifices the present. I conclude,
thex-efore, as I began, with another appeal
for reduced taxation. At the proper time I
shall move an amendment, in order to aid this
result.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
objects named in the title of the bill under
consideration are of great public importance,
and I sincerely desire to have them secured at
the earliest moment, and to exert whatever
influence I have with reference to that result.
The first three sections of the proposed
amendment make provision for refunding
and consolidating the public debt upon terms
very favorable to the Government, but at rates
of interest so much below what many good
securities pay as to create a serious doubt
in my owii mind whether capitalists can be
induced to take the proffered bonds. If they
are offered and not taken an impatient public
sentiment will be likely to demand a new issue
which shall bear a rate of interest above what
is equitable, and above a rate at which they
might now be negotiated. If not taken the
credit of the Government will not be improved,
fur I have never known the credit of a mer-
chant appreciated in consequence of the re-
fusal of a bank to discount his note. But this
is u question which relates to the details of
the bill, and is not one of principle. I shall
not, therefore, vote against this measure in
consequence of the objections which I have
raised, but if uecessary will yield my judgment
on this point to the judgment of the Senate.
The amendment authorizes the appointment
of as many agents in Europe as may be deemed
necessary by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the purpose of aiding in the negotiation of
the bonds, and authorizes the payment of cou-
pons in five European cities. This would be
an expensive and unnecessary scheme. Why
should we appoint paid agents while leading
bankers in Europe correspond with bankers in
this country, and are ever able and ready to
supply their customers with such bonds as they
may require? If bankers are interested only to
the amount of a brokerage, which will be paid
by the purchaser, they will commend our bonds
as they may judge of their value. But if the
Secretary shall appoint agents to negotiate
them a jealousy will naturally and speedily
spring up between them and the bankers which
iu all probability will influence the latter to
commend other securities for investment to the
neglect of our own. The sale of our bonds
will then be limited to the ability of our agents
to dispose of them, and if we should be at war
with Great Britain or France inability to meet
our obligations in London or Paris would in-
evitably follow, and if European nations should
be involved in war we might find great embar-
rassment in meeting them iu the other cities
named.
1 Again, if we issue bonds to the amount of
$1,000,000,000, with interest made payable
abroad, it will require a semi-annual transfer
of about twenty-five million dollars in gold, or
the purchase of exchange sufficient to make
op the deficiency. A knowledge that this
amount was to be transmitted at a given time
would seriously affect the price both of gold
and of exchange, and materially embarrass
trade and commerce. But if we continue to
, pay interest here, as we now do, the most of
i it will be reinvested in this market, and it will
; make little or uo ripple upon the current of a
! legitimate business. The payment of interest
i abroad is beneath the dignity of a nation which,
J conscious of its own resources, iutends to meet
its obligations with fidelity. It is seldom, if
ever, done by nations claiming preeminence,
and would be humiliating and derogatory to
this. This Government should not become
dependent upon or tributary to foreign money
markets. For these reasons I am of opinion
that it is not wise to give the Secretary such
authority.
The act to provide a national currency,
approved June 3, 1864, requires all banking
associations that may be organized under its
provisions to deliver United States interest-
bearing bonds to the Treasurer of the United
States, which bonds that officer is required to
hold in trust as security for the redemption and
payment of any circulating notes which may be
delivered to such associations. These bonds
were not issued to the associations. They were
in the market and were bought by the banks
at market prices. They bear upon their face
distinct promises, such as the payment of a
definite amount of money at a fixed time or
within certain dates, and the payment of inter-
est at a rate per annum equally definite. The
duty of the banking associations is clear. They
are to deposit United States bonds. They
cannot withdraw them until they shall redeem
their circulating notes and return them to the
Comptroller of the Currency. The duty of the
Government is equally distinct. The Govern-
ment is to pay both the principal and the inter-
eston the bonds according to their tenor. To
fulfill these obligations the faith of the nation
is pledged.
The proposed amendment to the bill now
under consideration requires banking associa-
tions which have already organized under the
act of 1864 to deposit within one year from
the date of the passage of this act other bonds
which are to be issued, and which, if I under-
stand the bill, are to draw an average interest
of four and one half per cent, per anuum. In
other words, the bill requires banking associa- |
tions to substitute for bonds now pledged for i
the security of circulating notes, and which !
are payable within certain dates and which bear
a certain rate of interest, other bonds payable
at some other period of time and bearing a
lower rate of interest. The new bonds are
consequently of less value. The object of
depositing bonds is stated in the present law.
i They are to be held as security for the redemp-
tion and payment of circulating notes, and I
have not discernment enough to see how the
redemption and payment of such notes can be
as well secured as they are now by substituting
1 bonds of less value.
j But it will be very difficult, if not impossible,
i for banks which have all their capital invested
in bonds to comply with this requirement,
except by exchanging them with the Govern-
ment. Their bonds are mortgaged, and cannot
be redeemed and made available until the
S mortgage is paid. But the mortgage must be
' paid by redeeming and returning the currency ;
and the capital which is required to redeem the
currency is invested in bonds over which these
banks have little or no control. They are like
one who has invested his all in a farm and
mortgaged it to secure the payment of a note.
On being pressed for payment he finds himself
unable to pay his note until he can make a new
i loan upon his farm, and unable to make a new
loau until he has paid his note. These banks
are therefore shut up to the necessity of ex-
changing with their debtors bonds which bear
a fixed rate of interest for others which bear a
lower rate, or of forfeiting all the rights and
privileges of banking.
If I ask the ground upon which this require-
ment is made I shall be. referred to the last
section of the banking act, which says "that
Congress may at any time amend, alter, or
repeal this act.'' This right to change the law
undoubtedly extends to taxation, to restrictions
which will secure the bill-holder, which will lead
to and maintain specie payments, and which will
perfect or abolish the system. But it cannot
mean that Congress reserved the right to com-
pel holders of national obligations to take less
either of principal or interest than the Govern-
ment promised to pay, or the right to take
direct measures to diminish the value of those
obligations. If under such provision of law
the Government cy* compel banks to take new
bonds bearing a lower rate of interest than
those which they now own it can compel them
; to take bonds without any interest, and if it
| has a right to reduce the income it has a right
to reduce the principal. If the Government
can rightfully reduce either it can rightfully
disclaim the whole, and those who succeed you
in authority will plead your action as a prece-
dent for repudiating the entire debt. "If
they do these things in a green tree what shall
be done in the dry?" It would furnish new
proof of the truth declared by Him who knew
what was in man, "He that is unjust in the
least is unjust also in much."
But if this object is to be accomplished there
is a more simple, direct, and economical way
of doing it than is proposed by the amendment.
It is not necessary to be at the expense of
engraving and executing new bonds, nor at the
trouble of exchanging them. The bill intro-
duced by the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to which this amendment is now
pending, meets the necessities of the case by
providing that if any national bank shall not
furnish to the Treasurer of the United States
new bonds, as required by the act, it shall be
the duty of the Treasurer, so long as such delin-
quency exists, to retain from the interest as it
may become due and payable on the bonds
belonging to such delinquent banks on deposit
with him as security for circulating notes so
much of such interest as shall be in excess of
four per cent, per annum on the amount of
such bonds, which excess shall be placed to
the credit of the sinking fund of the United
States. This is direct, and to the point. It
proposes not only to withhold a part of the
interest, but judges the creditor of the Govern-
ment to be a criminal, and confiscates a part
