1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2575
lmes of proposed railroads those lines are definitely
fixed, so for as to give to the State an equitable
or inchoate title to the dependent land.
"The State may lose this inchoate title by change
of the location of the railroad.
"The State perfects its inchoate title by filing the
location-plats in the Land Office."
That is, in the General Land Office. I will
read a paragraph or two from the opinion as
I find it in the volume to which I have just
referred:
" I replied that, in my opinion, the act by its toxt
makes a conditional grant in prceaenti, in the nature
of a float, and which does not attach to any particu-
lar parcel of the public land until the necessary
determinative lines shall have been fixed on the face
of the earth."
You suggest that you incline to the opinion'that
a mere survey upon the ground is not sufficient to
establish the line of the road.' I think so too. The
lines must be ' definitely fixed.' A mere survey fixes
nothing, either contingently or conclusively in this
respect. It is means of intormation; it is not loca-
tion."
And again:
"I go further, and say that 'definitely fixed' im-
plies fixed wiihoutcnpacityof changc. Thus, exclud-
ing from consideration at present the question of what
is fixedness, and assuming that some act has been
performed which is on both sides admitted to be
fixedness, whether location defdeto only or platting
nud report, it seems to me that any change m the
lines of route unfixes what had thus boon fixed, takes
away from itthe quality of definiteneos, reopens tho
land to competing purchasers, and postpones to a
future act of fixedness the commencement of the
exclusive rights of the State."
Mr. President, in administei'ing the Jaws
under the opinion of the Attorney General
which I have just read the Commissioner of
the General Land Office called my attention to
the fact that my predecessor, who is known to
many members of this body to have been an able
lawyer, had not deemed that map such a map
as warranted the withdrawal of the land. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office call-
ing my attention to the facts of the case, and
to the law as it had been interpreted by the
highest law officer of the Government, 1 did
not see proper to overrule his opinion. That
is all there is of that matter.
But, Mr. President, it may not be amiss for
me to say here that 1 occupied that office but
fifteen months and fifteen days. I was suc-
ceeded by another able lawyer, perhaps equal
in this respect to my predecessor, known to
the western bar as one of its leading orna-
ments ; I refer, of course, to a gentleman who
recently occupied a prominent position in this
Chamber; and for a period of years he did not
see proper to overrule the judgment of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office;
and up to this date no map has been filed on
which any of these officers deemed that they
were warranted in withdrawing the land from
market. 1 suppose if the honorable Senator
had not been misled by superficial statements
of facts, to which his attention may not have
been fully called, neither he nor any other
gentleman in the possession of his legal learn-
ing and great legal mind could come to any
other conclusion than that which has been
arrived at by the head of the Interior Depart-
ment, and which was sustained by the head of
the law department of the Government.
But, Mr. President, why this insidious assault
upon me? The honorable Senator from Min-
nesota and also the honorable Senator from
Michigan denounced me as the enemy of this
enterprise, as the opponent of this company,
as opposed to the construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad; and on what state of facts do
they base this denunciation? That in my opin-
ion the grant made by Congress in the act of
18G4 is ample; that it is sufficient to induce
capitalists to put their money in the road and
to secure its'construction, and that au augment-
ation of the grant is not necessary to secure
the end aimed at.
Instead of meeting this question fairly and
squarely, these Senators attempt to dodge the
issue. This reminds me of the tricks of law-
yers in the inferior courts. When they find
that the law and the facts are against them
they attempt to win by abusing the opposing
attorney. Does it matter whether I am per-
sonally opposed to or in favor of this grant ?
The Senate of the United States ought to de-
cide this question of enlarging the subsidy on
its merits and on its merits alone. But as I
have stated in this discussion repeatedly that
I desire the construction of this road, that I
believe it ought to be constructed as rapidly
as the commercial interests of the country
require it, but that in my opinion the grant
already made is sufficient to secure that result,
why do they not meet the exact issue raised,
whether the grant made is large enough or not ?
They say I am an enemy of the road because I
insist that this vast grant of land, amounting, as
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
thinks, to about forty-seven million acres, is
sufficient. I think that that is large enough,
because I believe, as I said on Saturday and
reiterate to-day, the lands are very goodlands.
How do they meet this ? By saying that they
are not good lands; that they are very mean
lands. The honorable Senator from Minne-
sota says that these lands are not worth ton
cents an acre. I will read his exact words.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly they are not.
If the Garden of Eden was in that location, it
would not be worth ten cents an acre without
any population around it, with no way of reach-
ing it, and no roads to get to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Then it is in that sense
that these lands are valueless, in the sense that
Paradise itself is valueless to those who are un-
able to reach it, and have no prospect of ever
attaining it. [Laughter.] With the Senator's
explanation of tho inferiority of these lands,
if that can be accepted as the definition of his
language in this discussion, I have nothing
more to add. These lands are valuable lands.
No person can study the topography of the
country, can bring to bear his knowledge of
climatic influences, withoutknowing that these
plains are fertile, that they are clothed with
grass and timber; that it is a vast and valua-
ble grass producing and grain-growing region ;
a large proportion of it covered with forests,
the like which cannot be found elsewhere on
this continent, from which the great commer-
cial Powers of the world are now obtaining the
timber out of which they construct their mer-
chant fleets, This is the character of the do-
main already granted. I say it is good ; it is
valuable ; it is worth untold millions of money,
and will produce it just so rapidly as the rail-
road shall have been constructed, in order that
purchasers may roach it and bring it into use.
I am met by the intimation that the lands
are not good, that they are bad, that they are
almost worthless. Now who are the friends
of the enterprise, those who say that in their
opinion they are sustained by facts which show
tliese lands to be of vast value, the quantity is
vast, it is like an empire in extent, or those
who say the lands are nearly worthless, and
therefore seek to enlarge the exterior bound-
aries, in order that the actual grant may be
enlarged ? But, sir, that is not the opinion, as
I said on Saturday, of the company' itself. I
have the report in my hand of the company's
engineer.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say one word right here.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator liasinferred
from anything which I have said in this Cham-
ber that as a general fact the lands along the
line of this road are poor in quality for agri-
cultural purposes, or any of the ordinary pur-
poses for which lands are used, he has entirely
misapprehended me. I have intimated no such
thing. I do not believe that to be true at all;
and he need not spend time, if he will allow
me to say so, in arguing that the lands are
good lands as a general fact. But a good soil,
the honorable Senator knows very well, is not
the only element in the value of lands. It is
their proximity to market and the facility with
which they can be used profitably.
Mr. HARLAN. I am much obliged to the
Senator for his explanation. Then we have
no difference of opinion on this point; the
lands are good. That is conceded. They are
good lands, good agricultural lands, good grain-
growing and grass-producing lands, and vast
quantities of those lands are covered with im-
mense forests of untold value. Take that in
connection now with the number of acres,
forty-seven millions, or as near to that amount
as can be found in a strip of country one hun-
dred miles in width" and extending two thou-
sand and twenty-five miles in length.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator how much land was given
to the central line across the continent, the
Union and Central Pacific roads together ?
Mr. HARLAN. I apprehend the Senator
is as well informed on that subject as I am.-
The law is before him. It is ten alternate sec-
tions on each side of the road, indicated by
odd numbers.
Mr. RAMSEY. Half as much land as i3
granted to this company, in addition to the
sixty or seventy million dollars granted to them.
Mr. HARLAN. And with no margin within
which to select deficiencies. This grant is
twenty sections on each side of the road, to be
taken in alternate sections; and there is already
provided in the statute a margin of ten miles
on each side in which to select deficiencies.
That is the difference in the magnitude of the
two grants, so far as the land is concerned.
But 1 attempted to explain on Saturday why
the Government thought itself justified in loan-
ing its credit to the Central company, a reason
that was as potential with the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota as it was doubtless with
any other member of this body.
This, then, being true, or conceded to be
true, Mr. President, I should like to know on
what a proposition for enlarging the grant can
be sustained. If the land is good, and the
quantity already granted is double in extent
that ever heretofore granted to any other road—
and no one acquainted with the facts will dis-
pute for a moment that these lands, compared
with those on the Central line, are magnifi-
cent—on what pretext can a Senator justify a
vote in favor of enlarging this grant?
As 1 was about to state, I have in my hand
the report of the engineer of this company,
made September 25, 1869, under the direction
of Jay Cooke & Co., bankers. Here is a
detailed report of the character of the country,
the character of the soil, the character of the
timber, the character of tho coal deposits across
which the road is intended to run, and other
mineral developments, in which are portrayed
the vast, almost illimitable forests, the giant
growth of centuries; and the report winds up
by saying that this land grant is itself sufficient
to build the road. This is the opinion of the
company.
Mr. I10WARD. Of the engineer.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, the opinion of the
company's engineer, based on actual survey in
the field. In the face of these facts, it seems
to me, the question of the honorable Senator
from Ohio is very pertinent. Who presents a
different opinion on this subject? What me-
morial have we from the company stating that
this grant is not sufficient? On what facts is
this resolution based? Who came here and
demanded that this grant should be enlarged,
which the company's engineer says now will
build the road, if properly husbanded, without
the addition of a single dollar ? Doubtless the
company would be willing to take one half of
the lands embraced in an additional strip
twenty miles in width and two thousand and
twenty-five miles in length. Of course they
would be willing to do so. Who ever declined
to take a bonus of this kind from a great and
good and generous Government when oflered?
The parties have not asked it. They have
made no showing on which the Senate can
come to the conclusion that it is necessary.
It is a voluntary gratuity so far as the Senate
