1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
of his property. In my judgment there is no
difference, either in principle or in the result,
between the proposition made in the original
bill and that proposed in the amendment.
It is said that banks are not forced to deposit
new bonis. They can close up their business
and employ their capital in some other. That
is true; but if this amendment becomes a law
we shall require a party with whom we have
made a contract to accept terms uulike any
which he could have anticipated when the
agreement was made. The position of the
Government would be like one who holds his
creditor by the throat, and upou a non-com- j
pliance with new demands threatens to take
from him those privileges which he secured
by complying with former requirements, and
which have been guarantied by the faith of the
debtor. The demand upon the bank comes to
this, *' Your money or your life."
One argument put forth in support of the
measure is this: the banks have m-de large
profits and can now afford to hold bonds bear-
ing a lower rate of interest. But it is the Gov-
ernment, that is, the debtor, that makes this
declaration. He becomes the self-constituted
arbiter between himself and hi3 creditor, and
forces his creditor to abide by his decision.
The proposition once made to pay interest on
the public debt until such payments should
amount to the principal, and then declare the
debtcauceled, was not more in violation of the
iirstprinciplesofjusticethan is this proposition. ;
If the banks can afford to hold the new bonds, i
the Government cannot afford to force them to !
do it, for no man and 110 nation can compel a
creditor to compound his debt and maintain a j
credit unimpaired. It would be an arbitrary [
exercise of sovereign authority which would ,
bring dishonor, weakness, and death to the
sovereign. If yon do it the people who are !
now defrauded, or the generation which shall
come after us and learn our history, will in
another day of peril withhold the sinews of
war and strike a fatal blow at your republican
institations and your republican government,
which at the same time will suppress those
aspirations for self-government now hopefully
struggling for the mastery throughout the moil-
archies of the world.
We have overcome enemies marshaled on
the battle-field, but the, burdens of debt and
taxation forced upon the people by a causeless
and criminal rebellion' remain. The full vic-
tory is not won. We must bear these burdens
a little longer, or be guilty of repudiation.
This crime must not be ours. Our national
credit must be preserved. It is as essential to
the perpetuation of our Government as was
the salvation of our armies during the rebel-
lion. Understanding, then, as we do, the
nature and tendency of the disease which
throbs in every artery of domestic trade and
foreign commerce, we can have little claim to
statesmanship unless we can discover and apply
a remedy. While I distrust my own judgment
yet I beg leave to suggest a few remedial meas-
ures with the hope that after a free and frank
expression of views the Senate may, with the
combined wisdom of its members, adopt those
which will prove effectual.
I would recommend, first, that yon require
the investment of all trust funds which may
be hereafter created by or under national
authority in United States bonds, without any
restriction as to the kind. This measure would
create a home market for our securities, and
eventaaily save us from fluctuations and em-
barrassments which might arise and impair
our credit if a large amount of our bonds wpre
held abroad.
Second, that you let banking associations
have the privilege of depositing as security for
the redemption and payment of their circu-
lating notes any description of United States
bonds.
Third, that you authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue bonds which shall bear a
lower rate of interest than those which are now
outstanding, and with the proceeds pay those
bearing the highest rate of interest which by
law he has a right to pay. Make new loans on
the best terms that you can, and pay national
obligations, both principal and interest, as they
mature. This is a straightforward way of do-
ing business. This will be honest and hon-
orable. It will be justand right. Do this, and
we shall retain our self-respect, and the national
credit will appreciate both at home and in the
markets of the civilized world.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideratiou of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought we were not to
go into executive session until three o'clock.
1 hope we shall proceed with this bill until
tilfOO
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I withdraw the
motion for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not myself care about
going on with the debate. Others, I know,
design to do so; but I wish to express my hope
that this bill may be pressed forward aud dis-
posed of this week if possible. I am earnestly
pressed every day by the Secretary of the
Treasury, who avows his ability to negotiate
these bonds now. I feel it my duty, therefore,
to press the bill on the Senate. There are
other Senators, I know, who desire to address
the Senate upon it. I do not wish myself to
consume any further time; but will, before
the close of the debate, when each Senator has
had an opportunity to be heard, answer such
points as may then occur to me. If there is no
other Senator who desires to enter into the
debate now, we may proceed to act on the
amendments proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to make a
motion, if it is now in order, not that I expect
it to be acted on to-day——
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand; and I
propose to move an amendment to the first
section of the bill, which of course is in order
by way of perfecting the matter proposed to be
stricken out.
, Mr. SHERMAN,. The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon is to strike, out the first
three sections and insert other matter.
Mr. SUMNER. But unless the Senator from
Oregon wishes to vote directly on his proposi-
tion, and I presume he does not expect it, I
will move my amendment now, or at any rate
I give notice of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
now.
Mr. SUMNER. In the first section, eighth
line, I move to strike out " four " aud insert
" five;" so that the amount shall be $500,000,-
000 instead of $400,000,000. Then, on the
tenth line I propose to strike out "twenty"
and insert "forty;" so that the bond shall be
ten-forty instead of ten-twenty; and then on
the eighteenth line, immediately after the word
" bonds," I move to insert " of 1862;" so that
these proceeds shall be applied to the payment
of the bonds of 1862 and no others; not the
bonds of 1864 or any others as they may fall
due, but the bonds of 1862, which) as I sug-
gested a moment ago in the statement which I
Eresented to the Senate, was the first series of
onds. They, are all bonds which, if I may so
express myself, have become fly-blown in the
market. They are the bonds from which the
national credit has suffered, and therefore, sir,
1 wish to pay them. I wish to wipe that obli-
gation away, so that none of those bonds shall
stand against us, and so doing I am sure that
we shall do as much as we possibly cau to sus-
tain the national credit and bring about specie
payments.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one point made
by the Senator from Massachusetts that 1 will
reply to now; he repeats it again 
Mr. SUMNER. I did it partly to give my
friend an opportunity of interrogating me or
making an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
why it is that he desires to give the holders of
the first five-twenty bonds a monopoly of this
five per cent, loan? Is the obligation of a five-
twenty bond of 1862 any stronger, or is it more
oppressive to the United States than any other
five-twenty bond? Js there any greater obli-
gation to pay the first issue of $500,000,000 of
live-twenty bonds than any others? Is it more
advantageous to the United States to redeem it
than any other loan? It is now held almost
entirely abroad in masses in a few hands. Why
give to the holders of that loan the monopoly
of the new live per cents., and refuse them to
any other class ot creditors? I never could
make up my miud to accept that.
The Senator gives us a poetic reason : some-
body has opposed the old live-twenties and
threatened to pay them off in greenbacks ; and
in order to reseut that insult on the public credit
he is determined to give them a monopoly and
the advantage of an aunuity of one half per cent,
a year in order to wipe out that stigma. I do
not think there is any occasion to do that. All
the five-twenties stand on the same footing.
They are all issued under the same law, the
act of February 25,1862. They are all equally
burdensome. One thousand million dollars of
them are now redeemable. It is no more the
interest of the United States to redeem one
than another; it is its interest to redeem them
all; and why give to the holders of the first
five-twenties five per cents., and probably only
four and a half per cents, to the holders of the
other bonds bearing the same rate of interest,
unless the poetical idea which my honorable
friend now gives as the reason for it is suffi-
cient to induce us to give to the holders of
these bonds so great an advantage over the
holders of any other bonds ? 1 cannot answer
that question myself. Perhaps the Senator
can. In regard to the other points I may as
well now auswer the honorable Senator while
I am up.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question on this point.?
Mr. SUMNER, I should like to say a word
on it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield to the Senator
from Wisconsin first.
Mr. HOWE. 11 ask the Senator if it is not
a tact that in Bpite of the dread of which the
Senator from Massachusetts complained as
having hung over the five-twenties of 1862,
they have, until within a year past, taken the
lead in the market, and sold higher than any
bonds we have had, even the long loan ot 1881 ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The talk about
paying them off in that way has not injured
them. It seems to me if we pay them off in
gold at par, when the great body, of. them were
sold by the United States at about seventy or
eighty cents on the dollar, we wipe out uuy
stigma that may have been cast on them.
But I may as well now reply to Que or two
other points made by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, so that I need not recur
to them again. He says that the amount of
five per cents should be $500,000,000 instead
of $400,000,000. The answer to that, as I
stated the other day, is that the Secretary is of
opinion, which he has now repeated in the most
solemn form, that with $400,000,000 of five per
cents he can redeem all the debt that it is now
desirableto redeem. Ihavealwayshad doubts
about his ability to redeem the mass of the six
per cent, debts with any bonds at a less rate
of interest than five per cent. I am rather dis-
posed to concur in the opiniou expressed by
the honorable Senator l'rom Connecticut 011
that point; but when the otiicial organ of the
Government, who is called upon to discharge
this duty, tells us distinctly that this is all he
wants of five per ceut. securities it seems to
me that it is idle and wrong for us to force on
him a greater amount at that rate of interest.
