1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4463
accounting officers ofthe Government,tlie com-
missioners are to state separately the amounts
expended, respectively, for enrolling, equip-
ping, arming, subsisting, transporting, and pay-
ing troops. In the adjustment of accounts,
the commissioners are not to allow for any
expenditure or compensation for service at a
rate greater than was at the time authorized
by the laws of the United States and the reg-
ulations prescribed by the Secretary of War in
similar cases. So soon as the commissioners
shall have made up the account and ascer-
tained the balance, as directed, they are to
make written report thereof showing the differ-
ent items of expenditure to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who shall cause the same t.o be
examined by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, and these officers are to audit
the accounts asm ordinary cases; and if from
their report it shall appear that any sum re-
mains due to the State of Kansas, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to draw his warrant
for the same, payable l,o the Governor of the
State, and deliver it to him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What committee reported
that bill?
Mr. BOSS. The Committee on Military
Affairs reported it unauimously after exam-
ining the bill carefully ; audi will say that this
is a transcript of the bill which passed three
years ago for the payment of the claims of Ohio
and Indiana. That bill was very carefully con-
sidered, and debated at length, and passed both
Houses after full consideration.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, orderedtobe engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRANKING riUVILEUII
Mr. RAMSEY. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota callsfor the regular order, which
is the bill to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. GUMNER. What is the regular order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business, being the franking privilege bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there not a rule prescrib-
ing certain business for the evening session?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
resolution to that effect.
Mr. COLE. I will ask my friend from Min-
nesota to give way for a little while to consider
a bill which is pending on a motion to recon-
sider. It will take but a few moments.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would be very happy to
do so, but my friends about me, who are friends
of this bill, insist that I shall call for the regular
order. But for that I should be most happy to
yield. The friends of the bill insist on going
on with it, and I cannot yield further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COLE. I move that it be laid aside
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the bill be passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY". We shall never get done
with it in this way. Let us finish it to-night.
The PRESIDING* OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California insist on his motion?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to pass the bill over, the
effect of which will be to bring into operation
the resolution directing the Senate to proceed
with the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On passing
over the bill to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
finish this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. If there was the least prospect
of getting through with the bill to-night I
should not interpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill to
abolish the franking privilege is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
Senator from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I have already
said nearly all that I desire to say on this ques-
tion. I was attempting to show when the recess
was taken that this bill brought about no reform
so far as economy was concerned. If the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads has any information
from the Post Office Department on that point,
I should like to know how much more appro-
priation is asked for this year than last?
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course the appropria-
tions asked for in the last annual report are
predicated upon the present system. When
the reform takes place the estimates will be
lower, of course.
Mr. NYE. Then I suppose to-morrow, if
this bill passes to-night, the honorable Senator
will ask to takeoff $5,000,000from the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. That does not necessarily
follow. The Senator knows the contracts for
mail transportation consume almost the whole
appropriation for the postal service. Those
contracts are let in four different sections.
One section has been let recently, including
bis own State ; another will be let next year,
and so on, the contracts being for four years.
This reform cannot take full effect under four
years.
Mr. NYE. It is strange to me that the Post-
master General and my distinguished friend,
in view of this mighty public opinion and
knowing what its result would be, should ask
an appropriation for more money under the
reform that was sure to come than they did
last year. I regard that fact as conclusive
evidence in the judgment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, as well as of the
distinguished gentleman who is at the head
o ithe Post Office Department, that there is
to be no reduction of the expenses at all in
carrying the mail.
The Post Office Department of this country
was never intended to be a self-supporting
Department of this Government. The object
of its existence is to carry intelligence over
routes that do not pay as well as over those
that do ; and the history of that Department
has shown that more than one half or two
thirds of the lines that have been run as post
roads have never paid the expenses at all,
while others between large commercial cities
and in thickly-settled portions of the country
do. If this freak of economy is to go through,
those non-paying mail routes must be discon-
tinued to carry out the project fully. Take,
for instance, the mail from Winnemucca, in
Nevada, to Boise City, in Idaho, traversing a
distance of three hundred and fifty miles, where
there are not half a dozen settlements on the
way, and what settlements there are consist
of the stations where the stages stop. What
is the object of the route? It is that persons
in that distant country may receive the advan-
tage the Government gives to its citizens every-
where of a means of communication with the
outer world. And there is no Department of
this Government existing that has with it
stronger public sympathy than the Post Office
Department, and that sympathy arises not only
from the facilities it renders in the way of
establishing these long and uninhabited lines,
but the warmest sympathy has grown up for
this Department fioin the fact that the differ-
ent Departments of the Government have used
the franking privilege to convey to those dis-
tant regions free of expense the rich treasures
of knowledge that have found their way through
that avenue alone to those distant sections.
But, sir, that must be stopped. That is too
liberal a thing for this great Government to do.
To carry knowledge to those who are hunger-
ing for it, unless it is paid, we are told is an
outrage upon the rights of the Government,
and those persons who exercise it are guilty
of frauds and wrongs.
Sir, the whole of this/i/ror has been got
up because Congressmen in either or both
branches have abused, as it is said, this frank-
ing privilege, so called. There is not a news-
paper in the country that has spoken about it
but has charged each and every member of
both bodies with having been guilty of an abuse
of the privilege the Government has given them.
Sir, the abuse of the franking privilege does
not lie with Congress. If there has been any
such abuse it lies with other Departments
of this Government, and it lies with those
Departments that frank ten thousand letters
where one is franked through either or both
branches of Congress; but it is treated as an
abuse on the part of Congress.!
Sir, I far prefer the plan proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
That is entitled at least to consideration over
this, for the plan is well digested and it incor-
porates a system, while this does nothing but
demoralize a system that has existed for three
quarters of a century. If the time has come when
everybody must pay and the Government can-
not longer afford to transport these things free,
let us have it, the transportation, at the least
possible price ; and I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts demonstrated clearly
that we could sustain the whole mail-carrying
system of this country upon his project. 1
believe that to be the truth, and I shall vote,
if I have the privilege of voting, to substitute
that for this bill, because it isa system in itself.
Now, sir, I call the attention of the honor-
able chairman again to a point to which I called
it this afternoon. In two weeks, on the 1st day
of July, this bill takes effect. What are the
Departments here to do? How are they going
to pay their postage?
Sir. RAMSEY. The Senator knows very
well that many of the large appropriation bills
have not yet been disposed of. Suppose you do
not make these appropriations in time, the
Government stops, of course; but who proposes
to drive the Government to this extremity?
You will make an appropriation for this and
all the other purposes ofthe Government. If
you do not make the appropriations the Gov-
ernment stops, of course. That is a contin-
gency not to be apprehended.
Mr. NYIi. How much appropriation will the
Post Office Department require itself to carry
on this operation? I should like to hear the
Senator on that point.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Post Office Department,
after full inquiry among all the other Depart-
ments ofthe Government, to ascertain precisely
the amount of stamps they would require for
their correspondence, presented the res&lt of
their labors in a bill which is numbered 342, on
the files ofthe Senate. .Without reading it in
full I will give the items ih brief. It proposes
to appropriate for the Secretary of the Senate
$10,000; Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, $10,000; President and executive office,
$10,000; for the State Department, $100,000;
the Treasury Department, $250,000; the War
Department, $200,000; the Navy Department,
$100,000; the Post Office Department, $250,-
000 ; the Attorney General's Office, $10,000 ;
the Interior Department, $250,000—making
in all $1,190,000.
Mr. DRAKE. And that, too, only upon a
calculation of $10,000 for the House of Repre-
sentatives!
Mr. RAMSEY. For the Clerk, for the doc-
uments alone.
Mr. NYE. I think that these calculations
will be found to be entirely erroneous. What
is $10,000 appropriated to the Secretary of the
Senate for? Whose postage is that to pay?
Mr. RAMSEY. The documents of the
Senate.
Mr. NYE. What documents?
Mr. RAMSEY. The public documents.
Mr NYE. I thought that we were not to
