2576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
is informed; a voluntary offer of additional
lands, additional forests, additional coal and
iron lands.
Mi. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse m,e for interrupting him for a moment?
Mr. IIARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator states, over
and over, that thia resolution asks for an enlarge-
ment of the grant. By the grant I suppose
ho means the grant contained in the charter
ofthecompanyof 1804. Now,sir, heisbound
to state to the Senate in tho course of his re-
marks, if he is able to do so, in what way the
grant of 1S0I is to be enlarged by the joint
resolution now before us, and I call upon him
most respectfully to do so. I deny that prac-
tically it does enlarge the grant of 1801.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 wish to make one sug-
gestion in connection with what has been said
by the Senator from Michigan, as a ground upon
which the application for the extension of this
grant may be put. Section three of the original
act provides ;
"That there be, and hereby is, granted to tho
Northern Pacific Hail road Company, its successors
and assisus, for tho purpose of aiding in tho con-
struction of saitl railroad and telegraph lino to tho
Pacific coast, and to secure tho safe and speedy
transportation of the mails, trot)ps, munitionsoi war
and public stores over tho routo of said lino of rail-
way, every alternato section of public land, not
mineral, designated by odd numbers, to tho amount
uf twenty alternate sections per wilo ou each side of
said railroad Hue," &c.
I submit to the Senator whether there is not
an implied agreement, if not an express one
Aero, that the United States will give to this
company an amount of land to aid in the con-
st ruction of this road equal to twenty alternate
sections per mile on each side of the road.
Tins resolution simply proposes to make up
the deficiency in the original grant, and that
grant is not that each alternate section shall
be granted, but a grant to the amount of twenty
alternat e Sections, which, it seems to me, is dif-
ferent from the phraseology usually employed
in such grants.
Mr. HOWELL. While the Senator from
Oregon is on the lloor, with the permission of
my colleague, 1 should like to ask him whether
lie had not a railroad bill passed hero some
weeks ago which provided for a grant of ten
sections on each side and limited the price to
§2 oO an aero? That was a road in the same
region of country, probably in a much more
difficult region of country to build a road than
this road extending from Puget sound to Port-
land, I believe it is. Now, il there was enough
land in that grant to build the road that he in-
troduced the bill for the other day at §2 50 an
acre, what propriety is there in giving as much
land again to build another road over an easier
route, by tliis additional amendment, not m the
onsiinal law at all?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Of course I have no op-
portunity to answer all that question while the
Senator's colleague occupies the floor. I do
not concede that the grant obtained the other
day for a road in Oregon is sufficient to build
tho road. It may aid in tho construction of
that road. Then, again, I referred to this
statute in order to ascertain whether or not the
United States had not. entered into an agree-
ment with this company to assist it to the ex-
tent of contributing a certain amount of land
in aid of the construction of this road. 1 must
confess that even with this grant, and with
this provision to make up the deficiency in
land, when this railroad reaches that region of
country lying north of Montana and cast of
Idaho, that rougli and mountainous country, I
doubt very much whether the land grant will
he sufficient to build the road.
1 think the company will find that they will
he compelled not only to expend the proceeds
of these lands, but millions upon millions of
dollars for the construction of this road, be-
cause there are certain portions ol this route
where the lands are not at all valuable; hun-
dreds of miles, I presume, where the lands
will never sell when the road is completed for
enough to pay tlie expenses of running the
road. There are other portions of the road
where the lands are very valuable, I have no
doubt. But the point to which. I wished to
direct the attention of the honorablo Senator
was as to the elfect of this grant, whether the
phraseology is not somewhat different from
that usually employed, and whether it does
not amount to ou agreement on tho part of the
United States to give this road that amount of
aid.
Mir. HARLAN. The honorable Senator's
question is a fair ono, and ought to bo consid-
ered in this discussion. The phraseology found
here is as he has recited:
"Every altornato section of public land, not min-
eral, designated by odd numbers, to tho amount of
twenty alternate sections per milo on each sldo of
said railroad lino."
The honorablo Senator will find by looking
to other land-grant acts that the words "to the
amount of" are used alternately with the words
"to tho extent of." Many of the laws read
'' to the extent of twenty sections on each side,"
and many of them read "to the amount of
twenty sections," being a choice of words
merely by tlie draughtsman of tho bill. Tho
extent ot the grant is determined, however, in
this case by a subsequent paragraph, to which
I invite tho attention of the honorable Senator:
"And whenever"—
Land is to be granted to the amount of
twenty sections on each side of the lino of flic
road, subject to this condition—
"And whenever, prior to said time, of any such
sections or partsot'sections shall havo been granted,
sold, reserved, occupied by homostcad settlors, or
preempt ed, or otherwise disposed of, ot tier lands shall
be selected by said company in lieu thereof, under
the direction of the Secretary oj'tbo) ntcrior, in alt or-
nate sections, and designated by odd numbers, not
more than ten mites beyond the limits of said alter-
nate sections."
Take the two clauses together, and you have
what Congress intended that this company
should be granted, the alternatc.sections to the
extentof twenty, being the alternate sections on
each side of the road ; butif any part of these
alternate sections thus granted should have
been otherwise legally disposed of, then the
company should make selections in lieu of those
sections thus disposed of within an additional
belt of ton miles. If the honorable Senator's
constructions were the correct one, il Con
gress had intended to give twenty sections per
mile for all geometrically measured guiles,
whence the necessity of saying " within the
limits of ten miles?" Is not the other phrase-
ology in the law ample to regulate the selec-
tion if it had been intended that the whole
should be granted of twenty sectiouspcr mile?
"And whenever, prior to said time, any of said
sections or pans of scctionsstiall fiavebccu granted,
sold, reserved, occupied by settlers, or preempted,
or otherwise disposed of, other lands shall bo selected
by said company in lieu thereof, under the direction
of tho Secretary of tho Intorioj."
Had Congress stopped there the Senator's
interpretation would be clearly sustained, the
intention of Congress would not havo been
equivocal; but tho following words are inter-
posed: " in alternate sections and designated
by odd numbers, not more than ten miles be-
yond the limits of said alternate sections."
Does not that clearly convey the idea that Con-
gress was aware that possibly the whole amount
might not be (bund within tho forty-mile limit,
nor yet within the ten-mile limit in addition ;
that the whole amount might not be found
within the belt of one hundred miles ; that after
exhausting all the available land as described
in the law yet there might be a deliciency ?
A nd hence in the selection the company is lim-
ited to an additional belt of ten miles on each
side of the granted strip in which to select the
deficiency. Had thehonorableSenator'satten-
tion been called to this subject a lawyer with
so clear a head could not, have been misled by
tho language.
The honorable Senator from Michigan sup-
poses that this joint resolution, if it shall be-
come a law, will not give the company one
acre more than was originally intended. Tlx©
remarks I have just submitted answer him. It
does give more than was originally intended,
or ho, as the organ of the committee, at the
request of some interested parties, perhaps
members of this company, would not hare
introduced this joint resolution for their relief.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will allow:
me to suggest at this point that I have drawn
a proviso to come in there which I think meets
the view of both the Senator from Iowa and
the Senator from Michigan. I have never
known the Senator from Iowa to resist _ an
amendment which was exactly right, as I think
this is.
Mr. HARLAN. Not if I think it right.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to insert a pro-
viso after the word "branch," itt line thirty.
The Senator is aware that there lias been a
military reservation and an Indian reservation
made there, which have taken some of the
lands originally granted; and settlers having
a right to go in advance of survey, as soon as
they know about where a line of railroad is
going they go in and take the best lands. So
I propose to insert this proviso:
Provided, Any such deficiency results from tho
granted lands heretofore mado being taken by set-
tlers under any law of Congress or by -tho United
States for any purpose whatevor sinco tho passage
of tho act of July 2,1864.
That willgivo them this additional beltwithin
which to select lands equal to the amount they
havo lost by tho United States taking a mili-
tary or Indian reservation and for all tho set-
tlers havo taken. It will make this grant now
just equal to what it was in acres in 1801, when
it was granted.
Mr. IIARLAN. That proviso would be
better.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it not just right? Is
it not just what they ought to have?
Mr. HARLAN. Let us see. Has that been
done in the State of Kansas in any case?
Mr. POMEROY, No, sir.
Mr. IIARLAN. Has it been done in Iowa
in any case?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. IIARLAN. In Nebraska?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. In Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; this was excep-
tional in the beginning because it was a Pacific
railroad and a great line. There is nothing
like it.
Mr. IIARLAN. Certainly it is exceptional ;
and lieuee it becomes incumbent on those who
propose the measure to show its necessity. It
is exceptional; it is anomalous in every re-
spect, in the gigantic character of tho grant
itself, being twofold greater than any other
grant over heretofore made. It is exceptional
in tho particulars to which I referred on Sat-
urday in giving them an equivalent for mineral
lands. I do notknow how the Department may
construe the law in that respect; it may be that
they would follow the construction suggested
by the honorable chairman of the committee ;
and I should hope they would; but as I con-
strue tho law it gives tho company an equiv-
alent for mineral lands without limitation as to
exterior boundaries. And yet, being excep-
tional in all these particulars, it is sought to
enlarge it without any apparent necessity, and
when the officers of tho company themselves
say over their official signatures that they have
enough land subsidy to build the road.
Now, is it not enough when this Government
grants to a corporation sufficient means to
build a road which shall become the private
property of the corporation after its comple-
tion? Is il necessary to give them something
in addition to all that may be necessary to con-
struct this public work when it is to become
the private property of those who are to ad-
minister this grant after it shall have been com-
pleted ? It is truly an anomalous proposition Y
as it presents itself to my mind, indefensible
from any stand-poinU
