320
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
erally which are in their origin external, and
therefore not susceptible of local regulation
and control by the States. .
In thespfritofthese views the Supretae Court
of the United States, in the case's decided by
it prior t^'Jfel, held that it had no jurisdic-'
tion over'eases of tile kind mentioned if they
Srose at^sve' the ebb' and Sow of the tides.
These decisions', therefore, left to the exclusive
control and regulation of the States the vast
interests of their citizens .in connection with
the Vety'eX'tfensive commerce carried on upon
the inland waters of the country. 'There soon
grew iip in all the States whose citizens were to
any extent* engaged in such commerce, and
particularly in'-all the States of the "West and
South, extensive and well adapted systems of
law and'practice for the protection of the inter-
ests and adjudication of the rights of their citi-
zens arising out of that c'ommerce." The ex-
tent,of thfese interests and of the controversies
and litigation arising out of them can only be
fully rteali&ed by a careful contemplation of the
vastincreaseofiniand navigation resulting from
the use df'steamboats and the rapid develop-
in §nt Of Wealth on the borders of the rivers.
But in 1851, in the.case of the GeneSee Chief,
(12 Howard Li.., 457,) all of the previous de:
cisions'limiting the adtairaltyjurisdiction of
the Federal courts to tide-water were overruled
by the same court, and' the broad doctrine
declared that that jurisdiction extends where-
Over ships Aoat and navigation successfully aids
commerce, whether internal or external. That
case arose out of a collision between two ves-
sels on Lake Ontario.' Its doctrine has been
many times affirmed by the same court in sub-
sequent casps. In sonle cases this jurisdiction
has been 'exercised by Federal courts in the
avowed execution of State statutes, and not
under any claim of a general common-law
power in these courts to such a jurisdiction.
It was not, however, in any of the cases
prior to 1866, decided by the Supreme Court
that the jurisdiction of the district courts in
admiralty and maritime cases arising on our
inland rivers was exclusive of the jurisdiction
hitherto constantly claimed and exercised by
the State courts. On the contrary, it was either
notdenied oritivas in terms cohceded that the
jurisdiction 'of the State courts over all such
cases was concurrent with that of the district
courts of the United States. The State courts
along our western rivers have, therefore, con-
tinued to exercise uninterrupted, if not unques-
tioned, jurisdiction in such matters. Being
always conveniently accessible to suitors en-
gaged in such commerce, they have afforded
more prompt and satisfactory remedies than
more remote. Federal courts could do. I can-
not persuade myself that the denial of their
jurisdiction is not a great public misfortune to
the people of the country, whether that denial
be legal or illegal. Their jurisdiction has been
acquiesced in and approved for more than half
a century, and the beneficent results of its
exercise greatly promoted the prosperity and
happiness of the people.
But it is now denied and declared never to
have had any legal existence. By a sweeping
edict of superior judicial power and construc-
tion it is absolutely annulled and destroyed.
In the cases of the Moses Taylor, from Cali-
fornia, and The Hine vs. Trevor, from Iowa,
the Supreme Court of the United States, in
December, 1860, decided that—
"1. The admiralty jurisdiction to whinh thepower
of the federal judiciary is, by the Constitution, do-
clared to extend is not limited to tide-water, but
copers the entire navigable waters of the United States.
"A. Tho original jurisdiction in admiralty exer-
cised by the district courts by virtue of the act of
■ I s exolmive not only of other Federal courts, but
the State courts also.
"3. And that, therefore, Stato statutes relating to
western inland rivers which a ttempt to confer upon
Htato courts a remedy for marine torts und marine
contracts by proceedings strictly in rem. are void.
because (hey are in conflict with that act of Con-
gross. —4 \Vallo.ce Reports, pp. -ill, 555.
Mr, Chairman, it will be readilv seen and i
appreciated by the House to what a radical
extent the jurisdiction of the State courts has
been divested and .that of the Federal courts
extended and enlarged by the course of decis-
ions to which: I have referred. It will also be
seen how important it is to the interests of the
people that Congress shall give thought to the
duties imposed upon it by these great changes.
The immediate increase of the Federal courts
in the vicinity of the great water highways of
the West is demanded, if not made imperative,
by them in order to accommodate the new juris-
diction and business of those courts, most of
which will arise out of the commerce on those
highways. That business will always be essen-
tially local in its origin, and it will be impos-
ing onerous and unjust hardships upon the
classes interested in it to require them to seek
their remedies in remote courts holding their
sessions at points in the States distant from
the great water-courses.
It is important in another view that these
courts shall be speedily increased. The inevi-
table effect of the decisions cited by me is to
Open :a wide'field for judicial disagreements
and conflicting constructions between the Fed-
eral and the State courts as to what particular
cases and classes of cases belong to admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction, and must therefore
be tried in the Federal courts. It is safe to
assume that fifty years of judicial decision and
interpretation will not suffice to fully define
the boundaries b^Jween the two jurisdictions.
The citizens of the States will naturally prefer,
as being the cheapest and most convenient,
to go into their domestic courts for redress.
Opposing litigants will quite as naturally seek
to defeat the jurisdiction of those courts in
order to secure delay and other advantages,
real or supposed. If it were practicable, there-
fore, it is certainly desirable that the Federal
courts should be made as accessible to the
people as the local courts are.
It may be inquired why these two courts
should both be located on the southern border
of the State. It is because by reason of their
respective locations, their remoteness from
each other—nearly two hundred miles by the
river—and their size, importance, rapid growth,
and future prospects, the cities of New Albany
and Bvansville are and will always continue to
be the chief commercial centers for the water-
carried commerce of the State, out of which
can grow extensive litigation subject alone to
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and which
must therefore be adj udicated by Federal courts.
It is true Indiana has a short water boandary
on the north, the commercial center of which
is Michigan City, and from the business trans-
acted on Lake Michigan there may arise some
causes cognizable in admiralty, but not many.
But if such causes were ever so numerous
the situation would not be thereby materially
changed nor the demand for the passage of this
bill in any degree reduced, because the act of
Congress of February 26, 1845, as to all such
causes not only saves to parties the right of
any concurrent remedy at common law, but
also the right of trial by jury of all facts put in
issue if either party require it, and any con-
current remedy given by the laws of the State.
In other words, that act amounts to a limita-
tion of the powers granted by the act of 1789,
as to cases arising upon the lakes and naviga-
ble waters connecting the lakes. (The Hine
vs. Trevor, 4 Wallace's R., 555.)
If, therefore, a cause cognizable in admiralty
arise on the lake boundary in Indiana, the
party interested may institute his action in the
State court and avail himself of the remedy
provided by the State law, and on the trial of
any facts put in issue demand and have the
benefit of a jury; but in such causes arising
on the river boundary of the State none of
these privileges can be enjoyed. The jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts is there absolutely
exclusive, and the right of trial by jury is
denied in all such cases. These facts develop
a singular anomaly in our distribution of Fed-
eral jurisdiction which demands a remedy;
But so the matter now stands, and hence in
great part the presetit and imperative necessity
for the passage of this bill.
By this bill it is neither proposed to create
an additional district in Indiana nor to require
the appointment of any additional officers ex-
cept- two clerks or deputy clerks, to be paid by
fees only, nor to impose upon the Government
any additional expense except only the incon-
siderable expense incident to holding the ad-
ditional terms. Since the United States has
become by the late immense extension of its
powers and jurisdiction a local as well as a
general Government, these have become indis-
pensable, if not inevitable.' The bill ought to
pass without objection.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS. .
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
proposed in this, House on yesterday to report
back for final action the bill introduced and
referred to the committee on the 13 th of Decem-
ber entitled "A bill to define the duties of
.pension agents and prescribe the manner of
paying pensions."
As this bill could only be considered at that
time by unanimous consent I felt it my duty
to object, and I propose now briefly to state
the reasons therefor and to present some views
as to the duties of the Government to pension-
ers and the proper mode of paying pensions.
I objected to any action on the bill yester-
day because it would have been impossible to
have given it full and proper consideration.
The hill to facilitate reconstruction in Georgia
was the special order for discussion, and could
not have been postponed but for a few moments
at most, and any attempt to dispose of the
pension bill must have been in great haste and
without a proper understanding of its pro-
visions. The whole system of paying pensions
and auditing pension accounts is cumbrous,
expensive, and unjust to pensioners. The bill
on which action was sought on yesterday is an
improvement^lbthe existing laws, but if passed
into a law would not, a&it seems to me, secure
that complete reform which sound policy and
justice require.
The present system is expensive to the Gov-
ernment and to pensioners. The following
statement will present very nearly the annual
cost of the present system:
Fifty-nine pension agents' commissions paid by the
Government  $230,000
Fees paid these agents by pensioners author-
ized by law  200,000
Average salary and expenses to each pension
agent over $7,600 
Twenty-seven clerks in Pension Office at an
average annual salary of 81,60ft  43,200
Twenty-two clerks in Second Comptroller's
Office, Treasury Department, average an-
nual salary $1.600  35,200
Twenty-two clerks in Third Auditor's Office,
average salary $1,600    35,200
Other costs and agents' fees estimated a3 paid
by pensioners to collect pensions at $3 50
each by the two hundred and thirteen
thousand pensioners now on the pension-
rolls  745,500
Total $1,309,100
Of this the Government pays $363,000, and
the pensioners $945,500.
The whole expense of paying pensions and
auditing accounts ought not to be over $100,-
000^ 1 believe the present system should be
abolished with all its machinery and fees. The
Government would thus save annually $263,-
000. The pensioners should be paid in every
county in the United States without costs, fees,
or charges to them, and thus they should be
relieved of the $274,550 now annually paid by
them.
The present system is attended with incon-
venience and delay.
With fifty-nine pension agents now, they are
necessarily located at a great distance from the
great mass of the pensioners. The mails are
