1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5400
priation made for the support of such a line is
an appropriation to preserve the peace of the
nations.
When all the seas become threaded with
these lines, so as to form a net-work upon the
oceans like that which railroads present in the
more enlightened countries, the world may feel
assured that the barbarous practices of war will
be confined to barbarous nations. The object
of war is destruction, and the end is poverty
and distress. But the end aimed at and attained
in the establishment of mail steamship service
is to build up, enrich, and make happy.
We appropriate many millions each year to
support the Army and Navy, all of which is
absolutely consumed and renders no return.
But that which we appropriate for the encour-
agement of commerce, while it accomplishes
the same end sought by supporting an Army
and Navy, that is to say', the promotion of
peace at the same time adds to the wealth
of the country. It returns a full equivalent for
the outlay, if not in postage and in customs, at
least by increasing the general wealth of the
nation, and promoting its prosperity.
Owing to the habit of appropriating money
in large sums to the Army and Navy, we do
not stand upon a few millions more or less,
for the support of those establishments. Forty
millions for the Army and thirty for the Navy,
even in times of piping peace, go as lightly as
the satisfied man pays for his dinner. No one
thinks to challenge the amount or the purpose
of the expenditure. But if a proposition is
brought forward to appropriate the cost of sup-
porting only one regiment, or a single frigate,
to the maintenance of a line of postal or com-
mercial ships, a perfect spasm of economy
seizes upon Congress.
A moment's reflection must convince any
one that the regiment or frigate is little more
than a costly bauble in such times, and that
the million or more dollars expended upon it
is an absolute outgo, while steam service, that
would be abundantly maintained with the same
money, would return to the nation many fold
the amount by swelling our commerce and add-
ing to the general wealth of the nation.
It is not mere hypothesis, but capable of dem-
onstration, that money judiciously expended
111 the support of commercial enterprises tends
infinitely more toward the preservation of peace
than when devoted to the support of military
and naval establishments. _ If we would pre-
serve amicable relations with other countries
we have only to promote commercial intercourse
with them. Owing to the extent and diversity
of our commerce with England a war with that
country is next to impossible. It is, to say the
least, extremely improbable, notwithstanding
the many grievances that have arisen between
ns during the last few years. As mankind are
fonder of pleasure than of pain, as they prefer
happiness to misery, as they value life rather
than death, so they will welcome the harbingers
of peace rather than of war. Vessels laden
with the comforts of life, for trade, go much
further toward insuring peace than vessels of
war freighted with armed men and supplied
with the implements of destruction.
If we would study economy, our oppor-
tunity lies in the direction of cultivating good
will among the nations. It is unquestionably
the interest of a people to encourage peace,
and not to devote all its energies to the prepara-
tion for war. How simple is the proposition,
if it needed to be put in such form, to dispense
with a small proportion of the Army or Navy,
or of both, and to divert the little traction of
expense thus saved, scarcely a fiftieth part of the
whole though it should be, toward securing a
great commercial advantage. How much more
would it add to the wealth, grandeur, and influ-
ence of the Republic; how much more to its
peace and happiness, to its strength and safety!
The proposition is now pending to establish
an American steamship line between our
Pacific coast and Australia, by way of the
Sandwich Islands, the Fejee Islands, and per-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 339.
haps by New Zealand. The ports usually men-
tioned as the termini of the route are San
Francisco and Sidney, and the people of these
places feel a deep interest in the enterprise ;
but the_ inhabitants of all Australia, of the ad-
jacent islands, of the whole of Polynesia, of the
Pacific States of America, of the entireUnion,
of Great Britain, and indeed of all Europe, are
to a large degree interested in it. We are apt to
consider the measure in reference to its influence
upon our own country, and if our views should
unfortunately be thus confined, it is not any
one section that is to be exclusively benefited,
but the whole. The particular port that hap-
pens to be the terminus of such a line will feel
its influence first, but that influence will be
pretty evenly disseminated over the whole
country, and all alike will partake of its advan-
tages. ,
The Australians, as British colonists, are
bound to the mother country, not figuratively,
but actually, by the ties which bind children
to parents. Hitherto, communication between
them has been from England eastward, orfrom
the colonies west, by a route much more tedi-
ous, dangerous, and costly than the one now
proposed. It has lain across France, through
the Mediterranean and Red seas, around the
south of Asia to the East Indies, a distance
of fourteen thousand miles, at a cost of $000
to the passenger, and involving a consump-
tion of at least fifty-five days; and this route
lay through boisterous seas and inhospitable
climates.
The new route results from the completion
of the Pacific railroad, and is really a very
pleasant one, whether considered in reference
to the portion made by sea, or that by land.
It is, moreover, remarkably healthy, and
cheaper by at least one third; but the greatest
advantage it presents is the economy of time.
The whole journey from Liverpool to Sidney
via New York and San Francisco, can be made
in forty days, or two weeks' less time than by
the south of Asia, which consideration of it-
self, independent of all other considerations,
is a commanding advantage.
The population of the colonies which would
be accommodated by such a line amounts to
nearly three millions, and, as we have seen, are
linked to the mother country by the ties of
kindred and of political associations. If Cal-
ifornia, with barely a sixth of that population,
could sustain a line of first-class steamers via
the tropics and through a foreign country, how
much more certainly will the population of
Australia maintain a line viatheUnited States
to Great Britain ? The commerce of those
colonies is said to amount to $375,000,000 per
annum ; no small portion of which must follow
the line just marked out. That course isas
inevitable as the establishment of the service
itself, and the beneficial result to the whole
United States is no less certain. I have not
thought of a subsidy so large that it will not,
in my judgment, be returned in postage and
customs dues and increase with almost arith-
metical progression. The bullion produced in
Australia amounts to $38,000,000 a year, all
or nearly all of which goes to old England to
settle the balance of trade against the colonies.
This, from the strongest commercial necessity,
would seek its destination by this route, be-
cause one part of the bill of exchange drawn
against it would go by way of the United States,
and should that be the speediest route the gold
to meet it must be sent by the same route or a
protest would follow. Mercantile liabilities
must be responded to as soon as information
is transmitted, or dishonor will be the result.
One colony has proposed to vote $400,000
to the same object and gather the proper pro-
portion from each of the six other colonies
which are to be benefited by the line._ And
what do we see? This proposition is that
these colonies, which are colonies of a foreign
country, colonies of Great Britain, shall make
this appropriation of their means for the sup-
port, not of a British line, not of a colonial
line, but of an American line; and I will pres-
ently give what I regard as the reasons for their
joining with us in a proposition which seems
to be so very advantageous to ns.
If my calculations are founded upon reliable
data, the mails of Europe intended for the East
Indies would be forced over this route, and a
large share of the expense to our Government
would consequently be met by postage collec-
tions. How much is not a subject of exact
calculation ; but a basis could be found in the
amount of mail matter now carried by the Pen-
insula and Oriental steamers via La Galle and
the Red sea. A mail by the fugitive steamer
Wonga-Worga, which lately arrived at San
Francisco, brought some twenty-five thousand
letters and other mail matter; and I am in-
formed that during the last week eighty mail-
bags of letters passed through New York from
England for Australia.
It is not a good argument against this pro-
posed line that the trade between San Fran-
cisco and the Australian ports is at present
very limited. Had the facilities been less the
trade would have been still less. By increas-
ing the facilities the trade will be increased in
proportion. It was jnst as good an argument
against the Pacific railroad and against Govern-
ment aid for its construction that the trade and
travel overland before it was built was very light.
Before the consummation of that great work
business between the Atlantic and Pacific sides
of this continent was transacted by way of the
Isthmus of Panama, and the most magnificent
line of steamers in the world was sustained by
it. But on the opening of the Pacific railroad
the great mass of business at once sought the
more expeditious route overland, and the Isth-
mus line has almost ceased to be used. So it is
believed the opening of a new steam line be-
tween San Francisco and England's Australian
dependencies will divert trade and travel from
the old Peninsula and Oriental line to the
shorter route by way of the Pacific railroad.
It is undeniable that a vast amount of busi-
ness is transacted with these Australian coun-
tries, and it is equally indisputable that business
will seek the most expeditious channels. The
tendency of water to flow down hill or of the
sparks to fly upward is not more certain.
That our American route is shortest in point
of time is capable of full demonstration. The
distance from Sidney to San Francisco is
about six thousand miles. At the slow rate
of eleven knots an hour this distance can be
made, with stoppages, in twenty-four days.
The trip thence by railroad to New York is
easily accomplished in seven days, and from
the latter place to London in nine more, mak-
ing the entire journey, as I have said, from
Sidney to London in about forty days, instead
of fifty-odd as required in going the other way
around the world. _
If so much in point of time can be saved,
business and travel will be forced across
America, and the population of those islands
constantly increasing insures a continuation
of the line. But with this as with all other
enterprises of the kind, whether belonging to
this country or some other, reliance must be
had upon the fostering care of Government
for their inauguration. As in the case of in-
land mails and railroads, the advantage belongs
in great part to the people at large, and they
should bear their fair share of the burden
whatever it may be. Other nations under-
stand this principle and act upon it; and if we
fail to take advantage of the circumstances,
others will render the assistance and reap the
reward.
The number of persons making the journey
between those countries and Europe each year
cannot be much less than fifty thousand. Of
these so many make the journey by the Pen-
insular and Oriental line that only first-class
passengers are accommodated, and they are
charged some $600 apiece for passage.
I will state that the proposed line will be
able to carry passengers from London to Sid-
