1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
hardened with powers of attorney, vouchers,
and correspondence, adding still more ex-
pense.
The bill now before the Committee on In-
valid Pensions proposes to continue these pen-
sion agents, and expressly provides as follows :
Sec. 4. Awl he it further enacted. That as full com-
pensation for the preparation of the voucher and all
other service attending the payment of each pension
the pension agent shall be entitled to a fee of forty
eents and no more, which may bededucted from the
amount due each pensioner.
As pensioners are paid semi-annually, this
will exact from every pensioner eighty eents a
year out of the scanty allowance made by the
Government. This is a reduction in some of
the fees now exacted by law of pensioners, but
I insist that they shall be paid without fee or
charge of any kind.
This bill continues in force a system adopted
many years since and not at all adapted to our
present condition, and does not at all relieve
pensioners of the many charges now exacted
of them, nor of the inconvenience and delay
of the present system. On the 10th of Decem-
ber I introduced a bill to abolish the fees now
required of pensioners by the pension agents;
but on farther examination and reflection I
have arrived a| the conclusion that the office
• of pension agent should be abolished, and that
a new system of paying pensions and auditing
accounts should be adopted.
It seems to me practicable to adopt a plan
of paying pensioners bi-monthly through the
assistant assessors or collectors authorized
under the internal revenue laws. They are
located in almost every county in the United
States and are accessible to every pensioner.
I therefore suggest a system something like
this: let the Commissioner of Pensions at
Washington furnish every assistant assessor
a certified list of the names and post office ad-
dress of every pensioner in his county or dis-
trict, with a draft on the collector of the dis-
trict oi- on any postmaster, payable to the order
■ of the pensioner, to be delivered on sufficient
evidence of identity of the pensioner. This
draft returned to the Department at Washing-
ton would be the only voucher to be audited.
There are probably twelve hundred and fifty
assistant assessors who would pay an average
of less than two hundred pensioners. I would
.devolve the duty on them without any compens-
ation other than their salary now allowed by
law. But if they should be paid an annual sal-
ary of $100 each the annual cost to the Gov-
ernment would only be $125,000, instead of
$250,000 jiaid now in commissions to the fifty-
nine pension agents, and pensioners could be
relieved of all charges, fees, or expenses. The
personal knowledge which the assessors would
necessarily have of the pensioners would be one
of the safeguards against fraud son the Treasury.
To this plan might be added, if deemed
necessary, payments through postmasters of
the money-order offices, but it would probably
not be necessary.
I have thrown out these suggestions hastily,
but I will on all proper occasions urge upon
the House some plan of reform, which is man-
ifestly so much needed. The soldiers of the
country expect it at our hands. One of them
recently wrote me from Cleveland a letter, in
which he says:
. "Tour bill to abolish certain fees required of pen-
sioners. making it the duty of pension agents to make
semi-annual papers for pensioners and adminis-
ter oaths without the fees now required is something
i preform, and the many thousands of poor, crip-
Pled soldiers will thank you ino-r heartily for doing
ecenthat little. It only costs us eighty cents a year,
pension agents' icosj but "we have thought many
tunes why did the Government exact that little?
"0 are poor, indeed. I go into the Pension Office
!:; "raw my little mite, with my empty sleeve dang-
my side, following after me a poor follow on
Wtfchoa, to wait our turn; while poor emaciated
'Amis stretch out their bony fingers for their small
™ ip, others eager and anxious to get theirs and
.V  wearing the sad faeo of distress and jjov-
my.' >■ . -- "It is time wo did say
something in behalf of ourselves." * "• ■'
again you will be thanked by many a s<jd
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
"Who can read this without feeling that td
diminish the scanty pensions allowed to crip-
pled soldiers by fees to agents is little better
than robbery? Pensioners are the only per-
sons of whom the Government exacts fees to
get their dues. In their behalf I urge upon
the Pension Committee and this House the
necessity of prompt relief from the exactions
to which they are now subjected. Let us unite
economy in the administration of the Govern-
ment with justice to the soldiers, and the grat-
itude of a generous people will reward our
labors. In the name of justice, and for very
ehame, let us abolish all fees and costs now
exacted of the pensioners. While we annually
strew the graves of dead soldiers with flowers
in grateful remembrance of their patriotic
deeds let us not forget our duties to those who
survive. May God bless the soldiers of the
Repnblic, their widows and orphans, and guide
us in the performance of every duty to them
and the country.
Mr. COBURN obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. WELKER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole, pur-
suant to order, had had under consideration
the President's annual message, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
TAX ON PASSENGER FARES.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 705) to relieve passengers on street rail-
roads, and to amend section one hundred and
three of an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay the interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, and
acts amendatory thereof; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
TA.Y ON GAS CONSUMERS.
Mr. STEVENSON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 706) to relieve consumers of gas,
and to amend section ninety-four of an act
entitled ''An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay the interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1804, and acts amendatory
thereof; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
SWAMP-LAND GRANT TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 707) to grant certain
islands to the State of Wisconsin as swamp
lands, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
CREDENTIALS OF SODTII CAROLINA MEMBERS.
Mr. CESSNA presented the credentials of
B. P. Whittemore, C. C. Bowen, S. L. Hoge,
and A. S. Wallace, as Representatives from
South Carolina in the Forty-First Congress ;
which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
WAGON-ROADS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 708) authorizingthe construc-
tion of wagon-roads in the Territory of Arizona
and making an appropriation therefor; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned until Monday, the 10th
of January next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under fte rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: . mi . , ,
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Elizabeth Kenyon, of Fall River, Massaehu-
settsT mother of John T. Kenyon> deceased, late
a private in company A, first regiment Rhode
Island cavalry, praying for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Oliver C. Swift and
69 others, merchants, ship-owners, and ship-
masters, of Hyannis, Massachusetts, praying
for an appropriation to be made for repair <n
breakwater in harbor of Hyannis.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE : The petition of Mrs.
Helena F. Smith, mother of Francis H. O.
Smith, late a private in company I, one hun-
dred and seventy-fourth New York volunteers,
for arrears of pension.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH; The petition of
S. S. Greenleaf and others, of Waukegan,
Illinois, for the repeal of duty on hides.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of 59 em-
ployes at Rock Island arsenal, praying Con-
gress for relief according to the terms of the
eight-hour law passed by Congress in 1868.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition from letter-
carriers of Portland, Maine, for increase of
compensation.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of T. S.
Wallace and 32 others, citizens of Indiana,
praying for a remission of the duty on hides.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of George Wil-
liamson & Co., of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
remission of certain duties on railroad iron.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A remonstrance of the
flax manufacturers of Ohio, against the reduc-
tion of the tariff on jute.
By Mr. SCOFIELD : A letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy_, asking authority to transfer
certain appropriations.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition of C.
V. Beckmann, RobertSimms, WilliamHolmes,
M. Kleiner, and many others, citizens of Cin-
cinnati, praying such an amendment of section
two, of the act of July 20, 1868, of the inter-
nal revenue law as will permit the distillation
by distillers of granes, apples, and peaches, to
use drop-beer for distillation, setting forth that
about one million dollars of revenue now lost
might be secured by such a law.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 10, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Wednesday, December 22,
1869, was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a, report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of December 22, 1869, information
in relation to the United States arsenal build-
ings and grounds at Little Rock, Arkansas ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedi-
ence to law, a statement of the contracts and
purchases of the ordnance department dur-
ing the year 1869 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to .
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, submitting to the Senate a
a, of a. ^ t0 provide for the disposition of
useless military reservations; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
he Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate ol
December 16,1809, information in relation to
the amount of land claimed, held, or occupied
by the Aavy Department in the State of Flor-
