1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2577
But I will turn to tlia suggestion made by
the honorable Senator from Michigan. I at-
tempted heretofore to answer in detail his ar-
gument that this joint resolution, if it should
become a law, would not give this company
anymore land than they were entitled to under
the original law. If so, why pass it? It is
said that some of these lands have been squat-
ted 011 by homestead and preemption settlers,
and now by the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas that the Government has made a selection
for military purposes within the exterior bound-
aries of this grant. How does he know that
fact? How does the honorable Senator from
Michigan know it? The line of the road is not
located. Is it not time enough to bind up a
limb after it shall have been broken? After
the injury shall have been ascertained will it
not be time enough to provide a remedy? No
member of this body knows where this road
will be located. If any member does he knows
more than has come to the knowledge of the
Department. No location has been made so
far as they are informed. Preliminary survey-
ing parties have been in the field, and they
have made their reports of preliminary sur-
veys, surveys of discovery ; but there is no loca-
tion of the line of the road. The Senator from
Kansas cannot be sure that he would now come
within one hundred miles of the location of the
line of this road in Idaho or Montana. From
his great knowledge of the topography of the
country, his native if not acquired engineering
capacity, such as Hon. Thomas H. Benton,
of an earlier period, said the buffaloes always
possessed, he might form a general idea of
where the road ought to run, but he does not
know where it will be located. The company
themselves do not know.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will allow
me to say that if none of thi3 laud lias been
taken, then, according to my proviso, they
would get nothing as compensation.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. Let us wait
until we see whether they have lost any land.
Mr. POMEROY. This only makes good
what the law intended to give them when it
was passed.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us be governed by the
facts after they shall have been ascertained.
Let us not leap ahead of the company and pro-
vide for some supposed possible loss of prop-
erty which they have not yet suffered, so far as
they know, so far as I know, so far as any
member of this body knows. Let them locate
their road ; let them stake it off on the earth's
surface in order that the executive officers of
the Government may withdraw the land. Let
them proceed in good faith and in earnest.
Delaying for six years without locating the line
of the road is not very good evidence that they
intend to proceed now in good faith.
Mr. POMEROY. it is pretty good evidence
that they did not get a good franchise or it
would have been taken ud.
Mr. HARLAN. It would be so in the
absence of other facts; but I was able to show
on Saturday that other companies have been
and are now constructing roads across Minne-
sota, side by side witbthe proposed line of this
road, on a grant just one half iu quantity, and
no provision made for deficiencies outside of
an exterior belt of ten miles. Why, sir, if you
proceed now to permit this company to go out-
side of their belt of ten miles, which is in
addition to a belt of forty miles on each side of
the road, cannot every other railroad company
with equal propriety come in and claim the
sumo favor? Why not? They have been at
work; they have been putting their money in
i he enterprises they have in hand; they have
been grading and putting down ties ami iron,
and putting on their rolling-stock, and are act-
mi lly building up the country and are adjusting
their conflicting rights with the settlers of the,
country. Their roads are progressing side by
side with the march of immigration. But here
is a company that has been standing for six
years, like a dog in a manger, complaining of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 162.
the Government for not withholding from sale
the public lands until they shall have an oppor-
tunity to decide whether they will build or not.
Is it possible that members of this Congress
will leap in ahead of this company and offer
them an additional largess, which is an empire
in itself, when their own engineers tell their
officers or their bankers that there is land
enough to build the road already granted?
As I said in the outset of this discussion, a
proposition so extravagant was never hereto-
fore, within my knowledge, presented for the
consideration of this or any other deliberative
body; and because I know these facts, and iu
my place here feel it incumbent on me to pre-
sent them for the consideration of the Senate,
I am to be denounced as an enemy of railroad
enterprises generally and of this work iu par-
ticular when Ikuow what every one else either
does know or may know, that other companies
in the same district of country arebuildingroads
successfully with half the quantity of laud
granted per mile.
It does not seem to me, Mr. President, that
it can be necessary to continue this discussion
in reference to what seems to me to be—and I
utter it with great respect to those who differ
from me—an absurd proposition, one without
a parallel, one that the honorable Senator from
Kansas has well said is anomalous. It is at
least anomalous. That means, I believe, that
there is none other like it. He states the fact
truly.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is anomalous because it
gets no Government bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. What other roads ever had
Government bonds, with the exception of the
Union Pacific and California Central Pacific?
No other road whatever. Of the thousands of
miles of railroad that have been built during
the last decade in the new Slates not one has
received Government subsidy with the excep-
tion of the one just named ; and I attempted
to explain the other day the reason of the
grant in that case. Itwas deemed to be neces-
sary in that case to hasten the progress of the
work for military reasons, in order that wo
might have certain and rapid communication
with the vast empire that we possess on the
Pacific during the progress of a great civil war
that bade fair at the time to bring us into col-
lision with foreign Powers, which possibly
might result in a conflict of arms between the
United States and some of the other great
Powers of the world.
The vast expanse of sea necessary to be trav-
ersed by water in order to land troops and mil-
itary supplies on that coast would have given
public enemies of the character to which 1 have
referred an advantage over ourselves if they
had chosen to make an assault on our posses-
sions on the Pacific. It was therefore deemed
to be necessary to advance whatever credit and
means might be found to be needed to secure
the construction of that road as rapidly as en-
gineers and men could put down the work. It
was built with wonderful rapidity. The end
contemplated by Congress was achieved. We
now know, as I have heretofore remarked, that
a vast amount of subsidy was granted in that
case, more than was needed. It can only be
justified on the ground that we did not know
then but that such a subsidy might be needed,
and the national necessities justified us in mak-
ing the experiment, justified us in the extrav-
agant use of means in order to achieve an end
which seemed to be necessary for the preser-
vation of the integrity of our territory.
But no sucli necessity now presents itself.
Had we not now a Pacific railroad in good con-
dition, in running order, and were it necessary
to construct this Northern ^Pacific railroad m
order to reach our possessions on the Pacific
rapidly, I would vote cheerfully, if not for an
increase of the land grant, for an increase of
subsidy in some form in order to secure the
rapid achievement of that result. This neces-
sity does not exist. No Senator can pretend
that it does. The only reason that can present
itself to my mind justifying a vote for this en-
larged grant is that the men who have the work
in hand want it.^ It will make them richer if.
they get it than if they do not. It is not neces-
sary, as they themselves have shown, to secure
the construction of the road; but it is neces-
sary to enlarge the amount of their dividends
from year to year; it is necessary in order to
secure to their agents and organs greater for-
tunes in the division of the margin of profits.
There is no other reason that has been pre-
sented for the consideration of the Senate, no
other fact, as it seems to me, on which a Sen-
ator can hang a different conclusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Saw-
yer iu the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make a remark
in justification of what I said a few moments
ago, and I will not occupy time, because I know
very well that if this measure is to be passed
it must be passed very soon. The only ground
on which a justification for enlarging this land
grant can be placed is precisely this ground :
thisjoiut resolution authorizes the issue ofbonds,
and if these bonds are to be made good there
must be a certainty that the lands mortgaged
to secure the bonds are there. If you mort-
gage a lot of land it is liable to slip away into
the hands of settlers from time to time, so that
when that security comes to be applied for there
is no laud there, then you have no security; and
on that account I say that for this mortgage
which is authorized the land should be secured
beyond a peradventure of diminution, so that
the number of acres existing and due the com-
pany at the time the mortgage is put on cannot
be diminished. If we do not do that, settlers
will always be in advance, for they go in advance
of the surveys; tiiey will go on the line of the
road ; they will take up the valuable land, and
your mortgage cannot prevent them or hold it;
and therefore you should put in a clause that
ail deficiencies from the original grant accruing
in con-sequence of the lands being taken,up,
either by the Government or settlers, may be
made up by the company. That keeps the num-
ber of acres good.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose it is taken by
purchasers ?
Mr. POMEROY. No matter how it is taken.
There is no way that a purchaser can get it-
There is no law of Congress by which a pur-
chaser can get it. He cannot get it until the
land has been offered at public sale and been
subject to private entry; and none of these
lands have been or can be offered at public
sale. The amendment I have suggested, if
adopted, will keep the original amount of land
good, and is no increase of the amount of laud
granted; and I think that is fair. I could not
vote to increase a subsidy indefinitely ; nobody
can do that.
Mr. IIOWELL. Mr. President, I desire to
say something more on this subject before this
joint resolution goes through the body. The
grant is a stupendous one; that is admitted
on all hands; but it is not more stupendous
than are the assumptions and the pretensions
that are made in this body by those who ad vo-
cate it. I say that the cool assumption which
lias been manifested on the part of the advo-
cates of this joint resolution is equally anoma-
lous with the grant itself; and therefore it is
that I feel at perfect liberty to speak still fur-
ther upon the general subject, or upon the
amendment pending, in reply to these assump-
tions.
I thought the other day when I spoke here,
that Senators who characterized me as the
junior Senator from Iowa, did it^with a bear-
ing and in atone which intimated that being a
new man here I had little right to speak ; as
if being a new man here I had little know.ec.ge
of the subject upon which 1 spoke, and was
entitled to little credit or but little attention
from those whom I addressed. It strueic me
that there was very much of that tone and
manner. I did not take particular offense at
