1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3521
wan idea of lira spirit which animated them,
and which, I affirm, still animates them.
Mr. President, I could very well comprehend
why we should propose to make this general
amnesty, if these rebels in the South had sen*
us any authentic information that they had
changed their ground or their views or their
feelings. But nothing like that is demanded
of them by those who would make such hot
haste to let them hold office again. On the
contrary, the Senator from Connecticut says
let them all hold office, without regard to
whether they have changed their feelings, their
character, or their purposes. Sir, why does
not the Senator from Connecticut go to Con-
necticut and demand that the penitentiary there
be emptied? Why, if he were Governor of
that State, would he not sign the pardon of
every criminal there and turn him abroad upon
the community again ? Only because he would
have this sufficient answer to make, u I do not
pardon a man unless he shows some evidence
of repentance and reformation."
So I say with regard to these rebels of the
Sooth, "We take nothing from you but the right
to hold the offices and the political power of
this country; and that ought never to be re-
stored to you until one of two contingencies
has occurred: either that you show the proper
spirit of repentance and returning loyalty, or
that the loyal element becomes so strong in
all that region that we can keep you from ex-
ercising political power hereafter through the
offices of the country."
Mr. President, the man who would sweep
away the political disabilities which shut out
rebels fromthese Halls of Congress, I care not
under what impulse of magnanimity he offers
to do the thing, takes a position of hostility to
the Constitution and the nation to which he
belongs. You cannot admit this Trojan horse
here without taking the disastrous if not deadly
consequences. You cannot under any guise
of magnanimity fill these seats again from the
southern States with unrepentant and defiant
rebels and traitors—and such would come here
fast enough and strong enough—without giving
them the opportunity anew to pull down the
glorious fabric which we have shed so much
blood to uphold and defend. And yet, sir,
this is what the Senator from Connecticut
would do. I do not say that he wonld do it
intending hostility to his country. But, sir, I
say that it is a position which is inimical to
the Government, to the country, to peace, to
everything that is to makte this dburitry desir-
able to its people hereafter. I seem to hear
from all the,cemeteries that surround this city
a wail and a moan from the graves of the
slaughtered dead at such a proposition.
Mr. President, it is glorious to be magnani-
mous where magnanimity is deserved. It is
the part of a fool to thrust magnanimity upon
those who do not deserve it, nay, who do not
even ask it, but demand it as a right. God
acts upon no such principle. God makes re-
pentance a condition of forgiveness. Divine
wisdom teaches us to-day the lesson of our
duty: clemency to the repentant;- a closed
door, as to officet to thei unrepentant.
But, oh, the haleyon days that are to follow
general amnesty! All are to be brothers again
in the Souths Sir, where is the evidence of
H? Where is the first tittle of evidence to show
that this universal amnesty will appease the
rebelism in a single rebel s heart? There is
no evidence of it whatever. They have nevfer
sent us a word 'here—attend' to it, Senators—
they have never sent us a word !to indicate
that theiy were anything bwt rebels yefe. They
never will send it;arid yet we are to rash to
them with the unsolicited -boon of amnesty of
all their hideous "crimes, anad'-. have them, in
return, when they swarm into these seats again,
as they will, point the finger of scorn at us
and tell m, "We never asked youfor yonr
amnesty ; we never believed -onrselves the ob-
jects of amnesty; wehad a^right to rebel,'and
itwasrightin tw to do *o." lamftoldthat
41st Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 221.
was argued on this floor to-day. It will com6
back to us, not in the shape of argument, but
in the shape of impndent and scornful assertion.
There will stand Jeff. Davis again to hiss it in
your teeth, " We did not ask your amnesty."
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will allow me,
I understand from the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Revels] that his State, the resi-
dence of Jeff. Davis, is so thoroughly recon-
structed that general amnesty there would be
entirely appropriate. We need not, there-
fore, fear Jeff. Davis will come here from the
State of Mississippi to occupy a seat in this
body.
Mr. THAYER. He does not live in Mis-
sissippi now, but in Tennessee.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Connecticut has disclosed the length of
his vision. It does not go as far as a fellow in
North Carolina answered to a gentleman who
was traveling there and asked him how far it
was to another place. The country fellow
answered, "It is three screeches and a right
smart go-by." [Laughter.] That was the way
that they had in the hills of North Carolina of
telling how far it was to any place. It was
"three screechesthat is, three times as far
as a man's voice could be heard, and "aright
smart go-by beyond that. The gentleman's
vision does not extend beyond the length of
one-screech. [Laughter.] He does not look
at the future. My impression is that the hon-
orable Senator is only calculating what ig going
to happen here during the remainder of his
senatorial term, whieh will expire on the lame
day with «y owo, les8 than throe years from
now.
I am looking to the future as well as I can.
I do not say th&t I see any further than that
Senator does; bat I am trying to look into the
future. I am tiyiog to see what my country is
to be hereafter. I am trying tosee what great
and wide-spreading tree of liberty and human
rights is to spring from the three hundred
thousand-bloody gra*es of our fallen heroes. I
am not looking to see how rebels shall get into
office. I am not looking to see how, as the
Senator from South Carolina intimated in his
remarks, the South is to >be appeased, i am
not looking to see howirebele may be .made to
loveane for my sentimental magnanimity. Sir,
we have plenty of tfuaminnay own State, And
they have aaerer laved roe,«m4 I,do not sup-
pose they ewer will. They newer forgive Union
men, especially JiadieAlSfUTrtil tthey Jmvja re-
pented off tbear(teeasoHfto their country. When
they reach .that peint^-whioh very few of them
ever do—the way ia -apeti /Sot them to love me
and for rae to love them. i
Mir. SAWYER. If the •Senatoff wHi jallov
me, I think fee rauathawmistindesstood what
I said, if be sappoacs that I £ave utterance to
any sen timentwrth .regard to placating rebels,
or having them lave me. I did not so under-
stand myself.
Mr. iBRAKB. I am rather inclined to think
that that is  ottbe only particular iowhich tbe
honorable Senator from Soath -C&rolifta ;did
not undemtaadi himself. [Laughter. J Sir, I
look at <the drift of /this debate. I see what it
means. I aee >tb*t it means U> appease rebels,
to throw a sopto them imthesbapeof office;
to jgiwe them lease to £11 every office, from that
of constable itorthatof Presides* .of the Uni-
ted (States. Sir, frhy should this be done?
Did we adopt the fourteenth amendment less
than two yeans ago 'to make ©unseizes con-
temptible «i 4he eyes of-the world by sweep-
ing it away ia leas than two years after its
adoption? Shallthe<loyal  eu of this nation
labor and straggle for store than two years to
pot • an atnenfoment <ki ithe -<lQB8titutk>n of the
country, and then inilessthan twftyears sweep
k away ? Is (that all the life that <a constitu-
tional amiendment should -have - for 'the good
ofthe country?
Mr. President, dLdid not intend to sajf any-
thing like uah I have said. I express
mysetf ^dbinly oH this ;ualyect. I ,know from
actual contact and experience with rebels what
they will do when they get into the offices again.
Sir, what will be their reverence for the oath
of office that they take? They violated it once
before; will they keep it any better when you
let them back here ? What right have yon to
expect that they will? Have we not pure men
enough in this country, black and white, whose
souls are not stained with perjury, nor their
hands with the blood of patriots, to fill these
seats, that we must invite rebels and traitors
to crowd in here and thrust out loyal men?
Other Senators may do this thing; but, sir,
while I have my mind, and while it views this
matter in the light it now does, you can take
all I have before you can take my vote for
such a proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not rise to discuss
the question of amnesty, nor any of the par-
ticular provisions of this bill. I perceive, how-
ever, that there is not a perfect agreement
among Senators as to the propriety of pro-
ceeding further at this time in the discussion
of the bill, and I think it would be safer for
ourselves, and perhaps for the measure which
we may have in contemplation, that we should
suspend this discussion just about at this point
of time. I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. RAMSEY. There are a great many
nominations that ought to be disposed of. We
can go into executive session and dispose of
them, and them come out again.
Mr. STEWART. If we go into executive
session we shall not come out again.
The questioh being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 81, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, CasserLy,
Chandler, Cole, Davis, Drake, Penton, Ferry, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamil ton ofTeias,.H*mlin, Har-
ris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, MeCrwry,
Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rose, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, v iftkers,
W illey, and Y ates—31.
NAYS — Messrs. Carpenter, Corbett, Flanagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Speneer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, and Wil-
liams—20. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Boreman, Cameron, Cattell.Conkling, Cragio,
Edmunds. Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Warner, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and the (Senate
proceeded to the,consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE Of REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 17, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IMPEACHMENT OF jqDGJKS- " ,
Mr. JULIAN., ;I.ask leave to preset and
have referred to the Committer on |}ie Judi-
ciary two petitions, one pf them asking the
impeachment of one of the justices of the
Supreme Court of the United $t*tM, and the
other asking the.impeaohpient pf tha judge of
the district court for the State of:Calii'Q£nift.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well j I will have them
referred under the"rule, g.s.1 have aright to do.
, rigi1t8 of .citizens in. misstates,,.
Mr. COX, I would .like tp ask the priyilege
far myself,and my associates on theoommittee
to attend, the cepemonies ip mem^ry of .Baron
SteubeMO rsecord our votes on the passage of
the bill .passed yesterday in relatioa to t^e
