1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4465
reform, and how nobly carried through the
House of Representatives! Sir, whenever the
Senate will brook such an insult as this I want
to get ont of it.
A reform ! _ Sir, it is that reform, as I stated
to-day, that rides the tidal wave to its own
destruction. It is that reform which is going
to leave hungering and thirsting for knowledge
the people in the gorges of your mountains. It
is that reform which is going to take away from
the people the nutriment on which they have
fed for three quarters of a century until the
appetite for it has become transmitted from
sire to son. A reform ! The reform consists
in taking money out of the Treasury and put-
ting it back. My experience is that it never
grows any while it is out, except in the wrong
way; it grows less. The $100,000 that you
draw for your Post Office when applied to post-
ages will be about ninety-five thousand dollars,
not more; for look at the row of clerks you
must have. You must have as many pigeon-
holes as you will find in a cathedral where con-
fessions are made. " This is the place to get
stamps;" and rows of clerks will be running
there in gangs as prisoners walking to their
meals—" Please, sir, give me a stamp." Sir,
if this is a reform, I want the Senator from
Minnesota, and those who act with him, to have
all the glory of it.
But, Mr. President, I am told that it is use-
less to discuss this measure. I suppose it is.
I can live without the franking privilege. So
can the Senator from Minnesota, for he sits all
the time at the. feet of Gamaliel. But how will
it be with his constituents away up in the crys-
talized region of his northern boundary, where
they live on frost for eight months in the year,
sheltered only by the appliances of their own
hands? I imagine myself sitting in one of
those cabins in a little settlement when a speech
of the Senator from Minnesota has arrived.
The pine-knot is lighted anew, and there,
around that humble yet cheerful fireside, the
beaming rays of intelligence as emitted from
here, gathering luster on their way, are read
with an avidity which my powers of descrip-
tion cannot describe. Would my honorable
friend rob his northern constituents of that
aliment on which they have fed? llow many
benedictions, how much praise does he receive
in the lonely cabin, and the highest possible
encomiums paid to the judgment of the State
and of the constituency that sent him here to
thus illuminate them.
Sir, I have made a feeble appeal for this old
time-honored measure. Under it our fathers
lived and died, and they died with the full
expectation that their children and their chil-
dren's children would enjoy the same privilege.
But in this spasmodic throe, knowing not where
the power that lifts comes, as the panther darts
upon his prey, so does the Senator from Min-
nesota pounce upon the Senate with this unex-
pected bill, and he has given us about the same
rights under it that the vulture gives the dove.
"Take it as a whole," says my honorable
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] " and
we will see hereafter that these little things
are attended to." "Take it as a whole," said
my honorable friend from Michigan the other
day, who bowed so meekly to this tidal wave
demanding this improvement.
Air. HOWARD. Not an improvement.
Mr. NYE. He says I misstate him, because
it is not an improvement. He did not call it
so, and does not now.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. Nobody else will say it is an
improvement.
Mr. President, Ilistened the other day to the
honorable Senator from Minnesota. He had a
long written argument which I could not com-
prehend. Itwas beyond my power to compre-
hend, because there were no data in it ; and
here we are to-night, about to pass this bill, with
no official estimate at all of what these demands
will be, but simply pencil-marks on the back
of an old bill of what the chairman of the Com-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.'—No. 280.
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads says it
will cost, and he figures it up to over a million.
I state it here to-night to this Senate that that
million is uselessly expended. The Govern-
ment does not require one cent to do it. If
they draw the million and expend it they do
what there is no necessity for doing, and a
million of the public money is wasted.
I am told that I speak in vain. Be it so ;
but the moon will not twelve times fill her horn
before there will be a wave of public sentiment
rolled back upon the authors of this bill that
will make them startle and their knees knock
together like Belshazzar's. When that wave
comes it will be an honest wave from an indig-
nant people that will make Postmasters Gen-
eral and Committees on Post Offices and Post
Roads listen. It will not come written with
one ink and one pen. The sentiment will not
be born in the Printing Office at Washington.
It will come with a power that will say to this
Congress, "Revive again that old time-honored
custom; resent as you ought to resent the
indignity attempted to be heaped upon you,
that you are guilty of a fraud in the abuse of
this privilege."
Sir, I for one, in the name and in the behalf
of this Senate, resist that charge and resent
it. Our fathers never abused this privilege.
Our children never will abuse it if you will
uphold the dignity of your body. But, sir,
let it be known to the world that a member of
the Senate of the United States cannot, be
trusted with a stamp, but must go to the Sec-
retary of the Senate to get it, and the dignity
of the Senate of the United States is lost for-
ever, and lost by their own consent: a plea
of guilty is entered upon the charge of abuse.
And yet we are told that this bill must not
be scratched or touchcd. When my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] offers a little amend-
ment to save the county papers at home, this
great reform demands that it shall be stricken
down ; that the poor typo who sets his type for
a country paper by a doubtful light at night
must pay postage, or go down. Sir, in the
little hamlets of the country the county papers
are read as the Bible is read. They look for
the postman as the child looks for its nourish-
ment. They look for it as the hungry look for
food. Bat, no; that must be cut off. This
great tidal wave of public sentiment says the
little papers must die; the mammoth papers
must swallow them all up. In behalf of those
little organs of intelligence, 1 enter my protest
against this measure. In behalf of the industry
of those who carry them on, I protest against
it; and you, sir, know how poorthey are. They
are of the class that "you have with you al-
ways." This bill invades the humblest little
printing oflice in a county. It invades every
home, and charges pennies whore pennies are
not. The transportation ofthat matterdoesnot
cost the Government one cent.
But, sir, 1 suppose the edict has gone forth.
Wc arc drawn up here to the shambles to await
the knife that is whetted to cutoff the avenues
of intelligence from the hamlets, and to dryup
the sources of your border newspapers. Let it
be done, and see, then, what the public senti-
ment will be. Let it be done, and see if it rears
a pedestal upon which its author may sit here-
after. 1 hope ho will find it easy, and not cush-
ioned with human suffering.
Sir, the world seems to have gone mad upon
the idea of saving a dollar. So rampant has
the world got on that subject that but yester-
day, in thellouse of Representatives, the salary
of the General of the Army, upon whom all
eyes were placed, at whose feet thousands sat,
and over whose triumphs millions rejoiced,
must be cut down to save a dollar. The salary
of the Admiral, who lashed himself to the mast-
head in the bay of Mobile and covered himself
and his country with imperishable glory and
renown, must be cut down in this hue and cry,
a false one, of economy. The General at whose
feet this country would have laid millions when
he started from Atlanta to the sea. to have in-
sured the success of his march, under this hue
and cry of economy is grudgingly paid his little
salary; and from jayhawk to buzzard they are
crying after him to cut dovm his salary as a
matter of reform. Sir, that may be in keeping
with the views of some, but never with mine.
I honor the man who takes his press, hies to
the borders of civilization, and there sets his
type in well-digested sentences and helps to
mold and make up public sentiment. I honor
him who sends out those papers, and I have an
attachment for those who read them. But,
sir, I speak in vain. They must be crucified;
and this is to be cut off, under the plea that it
is demanded by the people.
Now, Mr. President, one more suggestion,
and I have done. When this Senate convened
in December last, not one single petition was
on file for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. But, sir, the machinery had been put iu
motion, the seed had been sown, and in one
month the harvest was gathered. It was con-
sidered and taken as the public sentiment of
the country. No one has a higher considera-
tion for the present Postmaster General than
I have. I believe he administers the duties
of his officc faithfully and fairly and honestly.
But had he not evoked and invoked this
storm there would not have been to-day one
single petition on file here for this reform. It
was the invitation that brought them here. It
was the wind that had been locked up to lash
the occan into fury. Public sentiment manu-
factured in that way will outlive, and not be
long-lived either, those who invoke it.
Sir, I have said all I desire to say. When
this current of impulse shall have passed, when
that great sober second thought shall have
come, when the people shall miss the aliment
on which they have fed, when the country
press is broken down, when the clink of the
type is heard 110 more upon the mountain side
and in sparsely settled portions of the coun-
try, then, and not till then, will the reward be
seen that has been got in the manner I have
described.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing:
But this shall not be construed as repealing the
provisions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August 30,185^, entitled "An act to amend
the act entitled 'Ail act to rcduco and modify tho
rates of postage in the United States, and for other
purposes,'" passed March 3,1851.
Mr. SAWYER. Before the question is taken
on that amendment, although I do not intend
to inflict a speech on the Senate, I desire to
express the hope that it may be adopted ; and
my reason I will give very frankly. I wish to
embarrass the bill by every possible means;
for I know no good reason for its passage
except the fact that it has been recommended
by a very excellent Government officer. I
have no doubt that the Postmaster General
desires the good of the public service by
recommending the abolition of the franking
privilege. I have no doubt there are a great
many good men in the country who feel pre-
cisely the same way ; and yet I know no good
reason for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege as enjoyed by the officers of the Govern-
ment that would not apply to a great number
of the expenses of the Government just as
well as to this.
I see no reason why a member of the House
of Representatives should pay the postage on
his official correspondence that would not at
the same time make him pay the expenses ot
the seat ho occupied. I do not know why he
should not be allowed to transmit through the
mails that official correspondence just as he is
furnished with paper on which to write it. I
know no reason for supposing that there is any
