4466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
'1
£
more waste or improper expense in the exer-
cise of what is called the franking privilege
than there is waste in the stationery which is
put on our desks for our use here while we are
doing the public business.
The large corps of officials who have been
cited here as enjoying the franking privilege
only enjoy it in a very limited way. We have
been told that there are I do not know how
many thousand; I hardly dare to mention
them ; but it seems to me it is about a quarter
of a million who enjoy the franking privilege.
Mr. COLE. Thirty-three thousand.
Mr. SAWYER. Thirty-three thousand post-
masters alone; but all the assistant assessors,
all the assessors, all the collectors, &c., have
been spoken of here as enjoying the franking
privilege.
Mr. DRAKE. There are not thirty-four
thousand altogether in the whole country.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well; there are thirty-
three thousand postmasters, lam told ; but what
franking privilege is it that the postmasters
enjoy? it is simply the right, not to frank their
own letters about their private business, but
the right to frank letters on post office busi-
ness, and post office business alone. What
right has an assistant assessor of internal rev-
enue to frank letters? Simply to frank official
letters to his assessor—not even to a collector,
but to the assessor. An assessor has a right to
frank his official letters to a collector or to
another assessor, and a collector to his depu-
ties ; but a deputy collector has no right by law
to frank to the assessor of internal revenue.
The privilege is limited in the most careful
manner with regard to those officials. The
truth is that the law now limits the privilege,
with the exception as to members of Congress
and Senators,to strictly official correspondence;
and why that is not as proper a charge upon
the Government as any other charge which the
Government incurs in the administration of
the offices of the Government I fail to see.
The allegation that the privilege is one that
is grossly abused may, it seems to me, be made
equally well witli regard to almost any other
Government expense. I think it rather too
much to expect that the Senate of the United
States and the House of Representatives should
confess by their own action that they fraud-
ulently use the franking privilege. I think it
scarcely fit that one branch of the Government
should accuse another branch of the Govern-
ment of using it fraudulently.
If we are told that it is used by others, that
the signatures are forged, that it is a matter to
be investigated by the proper officers and pun-
ished in the proper way. It is a matter which
very soon brings itself to light. But that the
whole privilege, or the whole right of a Gov-
ernment officer to charge upon the Govern-
ment the expense of official correspondence—
which every official necessarily has—that that
should be withheld from him, seeras to me the
height of absurdity ; and when it is admitted,
as it must be, that that charge is properly put
upon the Government, what so simple way of
doing it as the one which is at present in
use ?
If this bill shall pass, it will not be six months
from this time—if Congress shall be in session,
it certainly will not be longer than the next
session—before we shallbe asked to make some
provision to pay postage on official letters and
documents in some way, either by stamps or
otherwise, and to furnish an allowance to the
members of Congress and Senators.
It is proposed of course by this bill that the
seveial Departments of the Government shall
pay their own postage the same as anybody
else, and it is to be charged. That is simply,
as has been so often said, taking money out of
one pocket and putting it in another. Instead
of makingan appropriation for whatever deficit
there may be in the Post Office Department,
we shall have to make an appropriation to each
Department to pay for its postage.
This measure has been proposed, honestly I
have no doubt, by the Postmaster General,
with a view to increase the revenues of the
Post Office Department, and with a desire of
correcting someofthe abuses which arc incident
to the exercise of the franking privilege ; but
the remedy for which, as I firmly believe, is
found somewhere else. It is a measure for
which there has been no sort of popular call.
In the State which I have the honor in part to
represent every post office has been favored
with one of these blank petitions, and yet from
that State, I venture to say, there have not
come up here one thousand signatures, and I
venture to add there have not been one hun-
dred people who have penned them. There is
no popular call for such a measure. On the
other hand, the people in the sparsely settled
portions of the South and West will call for
the reenaetment of this franking privilege, as
it is called, because they ask every day, and
almost every hour of the day, for documents
which are sent out from here at Government
expense, and some of which are said by Sen-
ators on this floor to be mere waste paper.
This movement originates as much with the
great daily newspapers, who would monopolize
all the public printing themselves, as anywhere
else. I have no doubt that the great news-
papers in our cities would be very glad to see
all the small county and local newspapers in
the several States destroyed, because it would
give them a monopoly in supplying public
intelligence. I have no doubt they would very
gladly see abolished the practice of printing
important Government reports, and printing
the speeches that are made here. Why? That
the demand for their issues might be increased.
I know that there are vast numbers of public
documents published which are not read by
the great mass of the people ; but the remedy
for that is to curtail the number of such docu-
ments, not to cut off the supply to those who
really need and do read them.
There are, on the other hand, some public
documents published of which five copies would
be taken where one is published, for which
every Senator and every Representative has a
demand among his constituents, and for a much
larger number than he can obtain. That is
what I have been able to gather from my short
experience in this body. I have not only no
difficulty in disposing of the public documents
which are assigned to me here, but I have call
for more than I can furnish, and have had oc-
casion to borrow of those who were either too
lazy to distribute them themselves or who lived
in parts of the country where the public press
furnishes the information they contain.
We know very well that when the President's
message, or the many other valuable documents
printed by the Government, are issued, the
great dailies in New York and other large
cities can publish them ; but this is not prac-
ticable with the local newspapers in my State,
nor in other sparsely settled States. I know
very well that when the distinguished Senator
from Minnesota makes a speech here the New
York dailies will publish it, but we know
equally well that our papers cannot publish it;
it is impossible for our country newspapers to
do it, to print a tithe of such matter which the
people desire to read.
That speech which he made here the other
day on this very subject I have no doubt we
can distribute by hundreds and thousands of
copies, if it shall be published at the Globe
office and this bill should not pass. I receive
post-paid letters of thanks every day from my
constituents for speeches ot members of Con-
gress that I have sent to them, and which con-
vey information that they would never possibly
get otherwise. Perhaps that very speech of
the Senator would, if widely read, go further
in assuring the people of the benefits of the
law as it now stands than it would in con-
vincing them of the wisdom of this bill; for it
conveys a vast amount of information not easily
accessible to them, except as we send it out
free under the franking privilege.
And yet it is proposed to cut off this privi- j
]eo-e at this time, wheu more than at any other ;
it°is necessary to educate the vast body of -
voters in that sparsely settled section of coun-
try. I know in New England and New York
you can get along without the franking privi- t.
lege. You have a newspaper in every town; "I
you have a large town in every county, and •>,
those newspapers are spread broadcast. Every- „•
body takes a newspaper. It is not so in the *
West; it is not so in the South, and it will not 1
be so for many years. You are taking away -j
from the American people a privilege of great
value to them when you take away this frank- '
ing privilege from members of Congress._
Jt is not Droperly called a franking privilege.
It is a franking duty ; it is the duty of the Rep-
resentative, of the Senator in this Capitol to ;
send the information contained in the various
public documents to his constituents; audit
is the privilege of the people, and not the priv-
ilege of the person who writes his name on the
document. It is a way of doing more good -
for the same amount of expense to the Govern-
ment than any other means you can possibly
adopt.
Then, with regard to the great saving that is
to be made by the abolition of this franking
privilege in the expense of carrying the mail.
It is in imagination, and not in reality. On the
great routes, as, for instance, between Wash-
ington and New York, between Washington and
Cincinnati, and between Washington and some
of the other great cities, on great trunk routes
where the amount of compensation paid for the
transportation of the mail is determined by the
average number of tons which are carried daily,
of course this bill, if it should becomelaw. will
save some expense ; but remember that when
that large mass of matter which starts out from
here has got to New York it is distributed
through a hundred different routes, so that the
addition to each one does not make difference
enough to make one mill's cost more in the
transportation.
It will not diminish the price of the contract
for carryingthe mail for the country routes one
mill. All the saving of expense will be on
these great trunk lines ; but it will save no
expense for carrying the mail in Nevada; it
will save no expense for carrying the mail iu
Minnesota; it will save no expense in carry-
ing the mail in Alabama. It may save ex-
pense in carrying the mails between here and
New York, or between here and Cincinnati,
or between here and St. Louis ; but it will not
affect the expense the moment you get outside
of the great trunk lines where the mails are
distributed and separated and carried off in a
thousand different directions.
Again, my friend from California [Mr. Cole]
suggests that it will make no difference on the
trunk lines. I only reason on general princi-
ples, but I know that the great expense of car-
rying the mails in ail the sparsely-settled por-
tions of the country, in all the rural districts,
is in the fact that, somebody has to go over the
route, not in the amount he has to carry. It is
the fact that a messenger lias to go ovcra cer-
tain Hue at regular times. It makes no differ-
ence whether he carries five pounds or fifteen
or fifty pounds, and there is many a mail route
which carries the publications of the Govern-
ment into the various parts of this country where
the mail on the average does not weigh twenty-
five pounds, and the contract is not at all based
on the weight of the mails. Besides, Mr. Presi-
dent, the contracts have generally been made for
the next three years, and will certainly not be
affected by this bill.
But, Mr. President, I promised not to make
a speech on this question. I only wished to
enter my protest against any assumption that
tne country calls lor this reform, as itis called,
and to say for my constituents—-for 1 believe!
express their opinion—that so far from being
a reform it is exactly the reverse, and so far
from its being supposed that we take from our-
selves a privilege, by repealing this law we
