5410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ney or any one of the Australian ports .for less
than $400; and as our ships, those that will be
put upon, this line, carry passengers of differ-
ent classes, usually steerage passengers, second-
class passengers, and first-class cabin passen-
gers, the opportunity for persons to reach the
mother country from these colonies, or to reach
the colonies from England, will be reduced
much below the sum of $400. This of itself
will command the travel by this route.
1 have seen a statement that during the year
1809 $5,544,000 were paid for cabin passages
alone between Australia and Great Britain,
and the freight paid between the same points
for that year was a little over $25,000,000.
It is hardly credible that $15,000,000 worth
of our productions go to England annually and
thence to Australia; but aside from this com-
merce by way of England we have a direct
trade of about five million dollars with Aus-
tralia itself, nearly the entire amount of which
is made up in supplies furnished those colonies.
In addition to this trade with Australia we
carry on a barter with the Polynesian islands
amounting to millions annually—at present I
believe it is four million five hundred thousand
or five million dollars, which would be vastly
augmented by the establishment of Australian
mail steamship service.
Why, sir, the Pejee Islands, which lie imme-
diately in the track of the proposed line, con-
tain some forty thousand square miles, and a
population little shortof two hundred thousand,
three thousand of whom are Europeans engaged
in the various industrial pursuits, and prosper-
ing in a manner that promises a great reward
to those who tap their commerce.
I will not resort to the argument, forcible
though it be, that if we fail to put on this ser-
vice the English will avail themselves of the
opportunity. This would be an appeal to the
fears rather than to the judgment of Senators;
to envy rather than reason. But the subject
has received a great deal of attention both in
England and in the colonies. It is universally
conceded that the route via the United States
has many advantages over the one via Egypt,
and none are more keenly sensitive to this
fact than the people of Australia. The best evi-
dence of this is found in the fact that the Legis-
latures of New South Wales, Queensland, and
New Zealand, have already voted money sub-
sidies in support of a line via the United States.
These concessions are in proportion to popula-
tion, but of themselves are by no means ade-
quate to the establishment and support of a
first class steam line.
Though liberal, in view of the pecuniary con-
dition of those countries, further aid is indis-
pensable, and if not furnished by the Ameri-
can Government will be furnished by that of
Great Britain. England is most naturally par-
tial to her old and well-established oriental
route, and it may be fortunate for us that she
will yield to this American necessity with some
reluctance. But England, as a general thing,
has gone far in advance of us in recognizing
the demands of commerce. Her promptitude
and liberality in rendering assistance to ocean
steam lines has only been surpassed by the
liberality of the Americans in granting aid to
railroads. The one has comprehended the
business of the world, while the other has had
for its scope the prosperity of a single country.
Our wise policy as regards railroads has opened
up to civilization many new and untrodden
fields, and has added greatly to our wealth,
influence, and happiness. Steam lines are the
railways of the ocean. England has extended
'hem into many a new sea, and gathered to
herself the commerce of all quarters of the
giobc.
It is not a vain boast that " Britannia rules
the waves." But her legitimate domain is the
Atlantic ocean. She holds that by right of
preoccupancy and proximity. The Pacific
ocean, by as legitimate a title, belongs to the
United States. By proximity our right is par
amount, and we have only to occupy to make
our claim preeminent. We have already taken
some steps in the right direction, and only one
or two more are needed to perpetuate onr do-
minion. We have thousands of miles of sea-
coast upon that ocean, and if we avail ourselves
of the advantages within our reach the nations
of Europe will be compelled to communicate
with whatever possessions they may have there
by passing through our own favored land. A
vast continent has always intervened between
the civilizations of Europe and the Indies. Co-
lumbus sought to avoid this by sailing west,
and encountered another continent. This has
at length been bridged over by railroads, and
the Indies are now accessible in the direction
sought by Columbus even more easily than
he hoped to reach them, and, by the power of
steam, vastly quicker. Nature and art have
conspired to compel the old and effete civil-
izations of Europe and Asia to pay tribute to
us of the New World. Our Republic will be the
half-way house by which and through which
the monarchies of the West and the East must
communicate with each other. It rests with
us only to add a little to the means of inter-
course, by extending steamship service on the
Pacific ocean, and the necessities of commerce
will accomplish the balance.
Mr. President, the other leading commercial
nations of the world have not hesitated to make
whatever donations have been requisite to
establish lines like that which is proposed in
the bill under discussion. We are now pay-
ing but a small sum in the aggregate for this
sort of service. We pay a subsidy for a line to
China and Japan, which has resulted in very
great advantage to us; we pay a small subsidy
for communication with the Sandwich Islands,
with which we are in close relations ; we pay in
addition to this a small subsidy for a line
between one of our Atlantic ports and Brazil;
and that sums up the entire amount of subsidies
that the United States Government makes
for these objects. Not so with England and
France. Each of those nations has contrib-
uted many millions more than we have to-
ward these enterprises, and in Consequence
of that they reap advantages which we ought
to possess, which we ought to have. We are
lagging behind them; and the question is,
whether we, in this great drama of the world,
shall act the second or the third part, shall be
a mere stock actor among the nations, or
whether we shall take the front rank, and lead
in the great play of commerce that is going on.
I hope that the Senate will see the necessity
of passing this bill, in order to give us that
ascendency on the Pacific ocean which natur-
ally belongs to us, and which, if we do not pos-
sess ourselves of it, will certainly be availed
of by those nations who have gone so far into
these enterprises.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment to the third section.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope the other amendments
of the committee will now be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment in the third
section, which will again be reported.
The Cihef Clerk. The amendment is in
section three, line two, to strike out "five"''
and insert "three;" so that the clause will
road :
That no proposal shall bo considered that shall
amount to more than <300,000 lor the twelve round
voyages per annum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, this amendment will be consid-
ered as agreed to. It is agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line eight, to strike out the words "an offer of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line ten, after the word "the," strike out the
following words:
Proposal accepted by the Postmaster General shall
also be acecpted by a sufficient number of the afore-
mentioned countries, and that distinct and separate
contracts, containing similar provisions, bo made
with such Governments for additional subsidies to
the said monthly line of steamships.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Coloniesof Australia and New Zealand shall make
contracts with the accepted bidder, giving a sum not
less tliau the sum paid by the United Sta tes for such
servic©, and under the conditions contained in this
bill.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That no proposal
shall beconsidercd which shall amount to more than
#300,000for the twelve round voyages per annum;
nor unless the same is from a citizen or citizens ot the
United States, of undoubted character and lespons-
ibility, and having experience in such business, and
possessing the facilities and ample ability to furnish
the steamships required for the service, and accom-
panied by good and sufficient sureties for the faith-
ful performance of such contract; nor unless the
colonies of Australia and New Zealand shail make
contracts with the accepted bidder, giving a sum not
less than the sum paid by the United States for such
service, and under the conditions contained in this
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line seven, after the word "material," to insert
the words " of wood or iron;" and also to
strike out the word " after" and insert the
word "upon so that the clause will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any contract
which the Postmaster General may execute under
the authority of this act shall go into effect on or
beforo the 1st day of January, 1871, and shall, in
addition to the usual stipulations of ocean mail
steamship contracts, provide that the steamships
accepted for the service shall be constructed of the
best material, of wood or iron, and upon approved
models, with all the modern improvements adapted
to sea-going steamships of the first class.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line fifteen, to strike out the word "shall."
Mr. COLE. I think thatis a mistake. That
word should not be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section four,
line twenty-seven, to strike out the words
"without his consent to any other party," and
insert the words "and for any other cause by
giving two years noticeso that the clause
will read:
That suitable fines and penalties may be imposed
for delays and irregularities in the performance of
the service, and that the Postmaster General shall
have the power to determine the contract at any
time, in case of its being underlet or assigned, and
for any other cause by giving two years' notice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. That, I believe, comprises
all the amendments reported by the committee
to this bill. I desire to offer an amendment to
the bill, to add four additional sections, in the
following words:
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to contract with William li.
Garrison, James M.Motely,Francis K. Baby, Joseph
C. iMcKibbin, Jacob O. Do Castro, and their asso-
ciates, for the conveyance of the mails from and to
the United States, and to and from the republic of
Mexico, in the following manner, to wit: Ihc said
scrvice shall bo a semi-monthly service, and in ac-
cordance with a schedule of departures and arrivals,
to be fixed by the Postmaster General. One steamer
shall leave the port of New Orle-ns each month,
touching at tho ports of Tampieo, Vera Cruz, Coatz-
acoalco, Tabasco, Laguna, Oampeche, Sisal, and
thence, via Havana, to New Orleans. One other
steamer shall leave the port ot New Orleans each
month, touching a.t Ilavaua, St<?al, Campeche, La-
guna, Tabasco, Coatzacoalco, Vera Cruz, Tampieo,
and thcncc to New Orleans.
^ Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the said "Wil-
liam 11. Garrison, James M. Aloieiv. Francis 11.
liaby, Joseph C. MeKibbm, Jacob O. DeOastro, ami
their associates, shall, lor thopeiformance of the ser-
vice herein referred to, construct within eighteen
calendar months trom the date of the contract herein
provided tor, and place on said line m condition for
actual service, not less than ihree first-class sea-
going iron steamships, which stean^bips shall haye
been wholly constructed m the United States, and
after approved models and all modern improvements
adapted to sea-going steamships ot tho first class,
and shall be subject to inspection and survey bv a
naval constructor, to be detailed tor that purpose by
the Secretary of the Navy upon the lequestof the
Postmaster General, whose report shall bo made to
tho Postmaster General: Prodded aUo, That, tho
Government of the United Spates -diall have It* e right
to take said steamships for its own use in time of war
or threatened danger, cither by direct purchase, of
paying a sum of money equivalent to a fair interest
on the investment, and for wear and tear said ships
may sustain while in the possession of the Govern-
ment; the compensation in cither case to be deternx-
