THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ida for naval or other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Attorney General, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the_ Senate of
December 22,1869, a copy of the opinion of the
Attorney General of July 29, 1869, relating
to national cemeteries in the lately rebellious
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the National Typographical Union,
adopted at a meeting held at Albany, New
York, June 7, 1869, in favor of the favorable
consideration of the bill for the establishment
of a postal telegraph; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Ger-
man Republican central committee of New
York, upon the death of the late Hon*. Edwin
M. Stanton; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented resolutions of the com-
mercial convention, held at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, upon the subject of taxation; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens^ of
Georgia, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed upon "W. S. Bagley, of that
State; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented two memorials of
citizens of Massachusetts remonstrating against
granting the petition of George H. Corliss for
the extension of his letters-patent of March 10,
1849, for improvements in the steam-engine;
which were referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition of
the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
of Boston, Massachusetts, which is duly signed
by Asa Gray, president, and Chauncey Wright,
recording secretary, in which they set forth
that in view of the great importance of a full
and accurate enumeration o(f the people, and of
the light which it may throw upon the law of
population, the plan proposed by the committee
of the House of Representatives, to whom this
matter was referred, is well adapted to its pur-
pose, and they respectfully request that this,
with its several details, especially including the
prior schedules, with the several inquiries in
regard to population and the independent corps
of enumeration, be adopted for the next enum-
eration of the people in 1870. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
John M. Stanley, a citizen of the State which I
in part represent, a very worthy gentleman and
a very eminent artist, asking to have the duties
on certain paintings that are now in Germany
remitted, in order that he may import them
free into the United States. It will be recol-
lected by Senators that this is the same gen-
tleman whose pictures, deposited in the Smith-
sonian Institution, iu this city, were destroyed,
in 1864 I think, by the destruction by fire of
that building. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
I commend it to the attention of that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
citizens of Schoolcraft, Michigan, praying for
the passage of a law abolishing the franking
privilege; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented two petitions of
settlers on the Osage Indian lands, praying for
the immediate ratification of the Osage treaty
as amended April 21, 1869; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented thepetition of Mrs. Sarah
E. Stubbs, of 4Jount, Pleasant, Iowa, widow of
the late Martin D. Stubbs, formerly a private in
company G, eleventh Iowa volunteer infantry,
praying for a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa and Missouri, praying that the Consti-
tution may be so amended as to acknowledge
the existence of Almighty God; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Henry county, Iowa, praying that a pension
may be allowed the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812, and also to the widows of such as
are deceased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of C.
E. Rogers, postmaster at Carver, Minnesota,
praying that he may be credited with $268 98,
the amount of postage stamps and postage
money stolen from him on October 29,1869;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON presented a preamble and reso-
lutions of a mass meeting held at Nebraska
city, Nebraska, declaring that Congress should
accord belligerent rights to the people of Cuba;
which* were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN. I received some days since,
and would have presented then if the Senate
were in session, a memorial, very numerously
signed by citizens of almost every State of this
Union, asking Congress to grant belligerent
rights to the people of Cuba and to recognize
the independence of Cuba, which I ask may
be received and duly referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It willbe referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN also presented a petition of
Nimrod Hinds, of Dover, Maine, praying that
a pension may be allowed to himself and the
other surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and
also to the widows of such as are deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the memorial of J. A.
Cushing, a citizen of Washington, District of
Columbia, complaining of the acts of the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company, and praying that
Congress may order an investigation into its
management, and regulate the measure and
price of gas, for the protection of consumers
from cupidity and fraud; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. D RAKE presented the petition of August
W. Schulenburg and others, o'f St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying for the admission, duty free, of
soda-ash, caustic soda, sal-soda, bicarbonate
of soda, and bleaching powder; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of Peter Parker, S. P. Chase, Joseph Henry,
Joseph Casey, W. W. Corcoran, and George
W. Riggs, a committee of the Washington Asso-
ciation for the Relief of the Poor, in which they
set out an unusual degree of destitution among
a portion of the citizens of Washington, espe-
cially the freedmen, who have been here now
without the aid of the Freedmen's Bureau ; and
they petition in very strong terms for immediate
action by Congress to grant partial aid. The
citizens have already contributed to a consid-
erable extent. I never could see any reason
why the Government of the United States,
which holds one third of the property in this
city, should refuse to pay its portion of the
taxes to support the poor, the needy, and the
destitute. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and I desire to call their especial attention to
it, so that we may have prompt action upon it.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of
the Board of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio, adopt-
ed on the 27th of December, 1869, praying
Congress to enact at an early day a free bank-
ing law, so that loaning money under a national
law may no longer be a monopoly; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Bainbridge, Ohio, praying the enactment of a
law during the present session for tho compul-
sory prepayment of all domestic postages, ex-
cept on such matter as may be entitled to free
delivery by special enactment; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented three memorials of the
Board of Trade of Toledo, Ohio, praying that
Toledo be made a port of entry; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying the enactment of a law abol-
ishing the flanking privilege; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a remonstrance of flax
manufacturers of Ohio against the proposed
change of duty on fabrics of flax ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SAWYER. I present the petition of
P. M. Mayo and others, of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, praying for the sale of the
Government lands in Beaufort. It is perhaps
known to the Senate that there is a consider-
able quantity of lands which were bought by the
tax commissioners appointed under the direct
tax act of June V, 1862, when they were offered
for sale for the direct tax. Those lands are
lying there unimproved and in the present con-
dition unimprovable. It is extremely desira-
ble that something should be done. This peti-
tion requests a legislative enactment on the
subject. There is abill before the Senate now,
known as Senate bill No. 252, on that subject,
which was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands. I move the reference of this
petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER also presented the petition
of Benjamin D. Roper, of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying for remuneration for prop-
erty destroyed by order of Colonel Beecher,
United States Army, in the spring of 1865;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Marcus
Reynolds, of Sumpter, South Carolina, pray-
ing for compensation for property taken from
him by the United States Army in April, 1865;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Moses Wertheim, and forty others, citizens of
Fort Ritner, Lawrence county, Indiana, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of southwestern Virginia,
praying that the sessions of the United States
district court may be held at the town of Chris-
tiansburg, in ^Montgomery county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petitions of Walter
R. Staples and Archer A. Phlegar, of Mont-
gomery county, _ Virginia, and of Samuel G.
Staples, of Patrick county, Virginia, praying
forthe removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial and
joint resolutions of the General Assembly of
the State of Alabama, praying for an appropri-
ation for the improvement of tho bay and har-
bor of Mobile, Alabama; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Neil Blue,
of Montgomery, Alabama, praying that his po-
litical disabilities may be removed ; which was
referred to tho Select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Crooked River andOchoco villages,
in Wasco county, Oregon, praying for the
establishment of a post route between their
localities and Dalles City; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
