1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5411
iued by three sworn appraisers; one to be selected
by the Secretary of the Navy, one to be selected by
the within-named parties to this bill, and a third to
be selected by the two former.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General and the other named parties to this
contract be, and are hereby, authorized to make such
changes, adding to or leaving out such American
or Mexican ports as the interest of the Post Ofiice
Department and the general intercourse ot^the two
countries may require: Provided further. That the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, authorized to
pay to the within contract parties a prorata amount
ot the compensation for the first five years for any
suitable vessel or vessels as may be placed as pio-
neeiti on the above route pi ior to the commencement
of tiie contract service herein provided for.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the said
oontiaot shall be ior a period of ten years, and shall
riot involve upon the part of the (government of tho
United Plates an expenditure exceedins $150,000per
annum forthe first five years, and SI 00,000 per annum
for the other five years, to he paid out of any money
appropriated for tho service of the Post Office De-
partment.
I have but a word or two to say regard-
ing this amendment. As will be seen, this
amendment is entitled to considerable consid-
eration by reason of its having merit, in this,
tiiat it proposes to reestablish commercial rela-
tions between the southern ports and Mexico,
broken off by the war. It only proposes to
give the same subsidy that was given hereto-
fore, years before the war, for this purpose. I
have tio comments to make upon this amend-
ment, exceptwhat I have said; and in addition
thereto, inasmuch as we are taking things
leisurely, and there is no quorum here, and 1
know it will be instructive  
Mr. COLE. I think there is a quorum.
Mr. KELLOGG. No ; I do not think there
is. Inasmuch as I desire that this measure
shall be placed fairly before the Senate with
all its many merits—and I think it is pretty
full of them—I wish to havethe report, exhaust-
ive and elaborate as it is, made by the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. McDonald,]
accompanying the bill, read by the Secretary.
It is a very instructive report, and I know the
Senate will be pleased to hear it.
Mr. NYE. fcfobody doubts what the Sen-
ator says ; it is not necessary to call for cor-
roborative testimony.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire the report to be read?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir ; it is short, and
it shows the necessity of this line, and really is
full of instructive data. I desire that the Sen-
ate should hear it. It is conclusive.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Louis-
iana will not insist on this amendment. I have
been in favor of bis bill, as a member of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Iloads.
I am in favor of it now. I have done all I
could for it, and 1 am willing to do whatever
can b*5 done to insure its success; but I appeal
to him not to embarrass the passage of the bill
which is properly under consideration by mov-
ing that as an amendment. I am sure, as ho
must be aware, that it was not the purpose of
the Senate that that should be made part of
this measure. I am also sure that it ought not
to be made a part of this measure. Each bill
of this character ought to stand upon its own
merits. I hope the Senator will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. The remarks of the Sen-
ator justify me in making a statement which I
had not, proposed to make. I appreciate the
anxiety and solicitude of the honorable Sen-
atorthathis bill shall be considered, and favor-
ably considered, by the Senate. I have a nat-
ural solicitude on my part that a bill so full of
merit as this which I have offered should also
be considered at the earliest practicable mo-
ment by the Senate, and considered favorably.
Now, sir, this bill has been before the Senate
and upon the Calendar for more than two
months, or for six weeks at least, I think I
am safe in saying. It was reported from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
before the bill of the honorable Senator was
reported from tire Committee on Commerce,
of which I have the honor to bo a member. I
voted for his bill in the committee with some
hesitation and after it was amended; but I
must say that I never regarded it as possessed
of ihe met it that this bill I have offered as an
amendtneut is.
I said in the outset that I would not trouble
the Senate more than a moment or two, but
that what the honorable Senator had stated
justified me in making an explanation. I
appreciate the solicitude of the honorable
Senator in desiring that his bill should be con-
sidered to-night, even if there is no quorum,
particularly as he has been very felicitous and
successful in what I may denominate properly
a coup d'etat in getting his bill before the
Senate.
I should only be justified in speaking of
what I am going to state because the Senator
says he thinks this ought not to be considered,
and appeals to me to withdraw it, on the ground
that it was understood that his bill only was
to be considered to-night. This morning the
Senator stated to me that if I would cooperate
with him, in conjunction with other Senators,
he thought we could get this evening devoted
to the consideration of these steamship bills.
I agreed to do it, naturally, and walked right
into the pitfall. I did what I could to get my
friends rallied, in order to devote this evening
to the consideration of these two bills; but
happening unfortunately to be out of the Cham-
ber when my honorable friend made his mo-
tion, instead of moving my bill he moved his
own.
I think it was laudable and to be excused,
and I hold him justified, though his bill I do
not think has the merit which this bill I have
offered as an amendment has; and the Senator,
having delivered a speech of some three quar-
ters of an hour, I proposed that the report of
the honorable Senator from Arkansas, which
accompanies the amendment I have offered, be
read. I know it will be instructive to the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no doubt that the
amendment which the Senator from Louis-
iana 
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will yield
to me for a moment for an explanation.
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG. I did not impute any-
thing to the Senator from California.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator's remarks
bear a very different interpretation from his
now present construction of them. The Sen-
ator was out of his seat a good portion of the
day. When I moved the evening session for
taking up these bills, the Australian bill and
other bills of a like nature, the question was
raised by the Senator from Delaware, not now
in his seat, [Mr. Bayard,] as to whether the
Australian bill should be alone considered, or
whether other bills would be considered. I
declined at the time to agree that the Austra-
lian bill alone should be considered. A vote
was being taken by a rising of the Senate, and
when we were on our feet it appeared evident,
from the number of those who had risen, that
neither of the bills would be taken up if the
motion was persisted in; and the Senator from
Delaware appealed to me, as the Senate will
recollect, asking that this be made a separate
bill, and other Senators did it for the same
reason ; and I then consented to the proposi-
tion that this alone should be considered, for
the purpose of having the evening session for
its consideration.
The Senator from Louisiana was not in his
seat, it is true, but it was his business, I pre-
sume, to be in his seat. I hope it was; and
that he was not there was not my fault; and
that his bill was not set for this evening was
not my fault; I should have been glad to assist
him.
Mr. NYE. But you could not.
Mr. SCOTT. Mi=. President 
Mr. KELLOGG. A single word.
Mr. SCOTT. I rose for a definite purpose,
and Senators will appreciate it when I state it.
I was interrupted in the midst of a sentence,
stating that I had no doubt the Senator from
Louisiana thought the amendment which he had
offered was of considerable importance.
That is the very reason why it ought not to
be considered any further to-night. Wecame
here with the understanding that we should
hear the remarks of the Senator from California
upon this Australian steamship bill, and there
are many Senators who are interested in this
bill, particularly the chairman of the oominit-
tee from which it was reported, who, I know,
desires to be heard upon it, and desires to be
heard in opposition to it. We have accom-
plished what we came here for to-night, per-
mitted the Senator from California to present
his views on this bill ; and now, as another
amendment i3 offered to it which the Senate
did not expect to consider at this hour on Sat-
urday night, I think lam justifiable in moving
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania knew how much he was losing by not
hearing this report he would, not make the
motion at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 9, 1870.
■ TheHousemetateleveno'clocka.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. J. G. Botler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. StmpsoN',
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a joint reso-
lution and bill of the House of the following
titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) making
an appropriation to pay the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland, in accordance with
the award of the commissioners appointed under
treaty of July 1, 1863, to settle the claims of
the Hudson Bay Company and of the Puget
Sound Agricultural Company; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1914) to relieve the estate
of Louis M. Edge from succession tax and
stamp tax.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
their own of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of
Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of William
China; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the confer-
ence committee on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1604)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 96) to place the name of Charles H.
Pendleton on the Naval Register as lieutenant
commander, active list.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1335) to
