1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3523
tics to prove this. I will present, however, a
few figures whicH will paiufully illustrate it.
The total tonnage of the United States in 1850
was 1,585,198. It gradually rose from this,
until in I860 it had reached 2,546,237 tons, and
in 1801 its maximum was reached of 2,642,628
tons. This was the year before the rebellion,
and from this period wo may date its decline
and fall, which has been continued since, and
which has now reached, according to the re-
turns for 1869, as low as 1,566,421 tons. And
what is yet more painful to contemplate is the
fact that what has been our loss has been
European gain; and England has been the
country especially favored by this change.
In 1850 the total foreign tonnage entering
the ports of the United States was 1,775,623
tons, as against 2,573,016 of American ton-
uage. In 1860 the foreign teenage entering our
ports was 2,253,911 tons, as against 5,921,285
tous of American, showing a vast, preponder-
ance in our favor at that time.. From 1860 to
1869 the European tonnage entering ourports
has gradually iucreased, until itreached ir> that
year the enormous aggregate of 5,347,094 tons,
being nearly double that of our own; and this
disparity is on the increase, so that it may be
safe to say that it will not take very long for
the carrying trade of the United States to dis-
appear entirely so far: as it. is done in Ameri-
can bottoms. But as great as has been the
decline in American tonnage within ten years,
it is a singular fact that. England has not made
much progress. The tonnage of England en-
gaged in the foreign trade in 1860, the year
before our war, was 3,082,047 tons; to this add
803,303 tons transferred to England by citizens
of the United States during the war, making
an aggregate tonnage of 3,885,350. She had
in 1866 but4,166,308 tons, showing an increase
by production of only 277,958 tpna infive years.
The increase from 1866 to the present time has
been very slight, mpch less relatively than
before for ten years. (See page 255 of report
on the causes of the dcclin« of American ton-
nage.) .
And this, sir, presents the question as to the
causesof this condition of things, for in attempt-
ing to apply a remedy it is necessary not only
to understand fully the character of the disease,
but to trace it to its origin. I am not one of
those who believe that the confederate priva-
teer Alabama accomplished all this, nor do
I think that tho animus of Great Britain in
favoring the destruction of our shipsalone pro-
duced the result. While in. ,no way would I
relieve England from pi just responsibility for
her conduct to the United States during the
late war, norabate our right to .explanation
and reclamation, I am not disposed to over-
look the other agencies which have contributed
so largely to affect injuriously the navigating
interests of the country. Of course the de-
struction of our ships from 1861 to 1866, and
the great hazard, to the transit of American
merchandise under the America n.flag.pu,the
ocean in consequence of the confederate priva-
teers for the time being paralyzed this interest,
but there were other agencies at work which
had their origin in antecedent events. There
was atipae.when we excelled the world in the
construction ,.of sailing vessels. In 1840 we
introduced original models combining speed
and beauty. So. successful wer§ we in these
regards that we drove the English out of her
own markets in many parts of the globe. , We
obtained almost a monopoly of what was tertned
the packet business between Europe and Amer-
ica, as. well as in the East India-trade. Dur-
ing this period itwas conceded that in ofcean
navigation the United States had no compet-
itor in what were known as clipper ships. Time
had become a, great element of value in com-
merce, and. th« Americana by superior energy
and intelligence had learned how to apply its
economy to the sea as well as to- the land;
. slower Europe was forced to recognize its
supremacy, and gave.it a reluctant recognition-
But a new element withina few years has
appeared, The propelling power of steam has
been applied to ocean travel. It became ap-
parent twenty years ago that this new appli-
ance would render the fastest sailing ship too
slow for practical purposes. It then also
became apparent that for purposes of security
and durability some other material in con-
struction than that of wood must be used
in order to secure the proper efficiency and
application of the steam power. Hence, not
only steam vessels began to take the place of
the others, but it became necessary to con- j
struct them of material of which we were inad- 1
equately supplied, as compared with England. |
These changes from wooden sailing ships to i
iron steamships had been going on for ten
years preceding the war. The spirit of the
age, tending to a greater economy of time and
space, facilitated the rapid promotion of this
new engine of trade, and it became evident
that as the locomotive had supplanted the
stage coach in the land traffic, so would the
steam-engine supplant the winds and tides,
which, had heretofore governed the sea travel.
Circumstances thus favored England; she had
long been in the practice of the construction
of small iron vessels for the channel and other
home trade.; she had, by the experience of a
century, brought the manufacture of iron into
a high degree, Qf perfection, and at a very early
period had developed her industries in that
direction, and, wa,s in actual possession of the
required facilities for the construction of iron
vessels at, the opportune moment when it
; became so important to have them. This gave
her an immediate advantage, which her capi-
i talists were not long in discovering. With a
1 large surplus of unused capital this: new field
of enterprise was quickly seized upon <as a
source of individual profit rather than national
power. —.
F<?r several years before the rebellion intel-
ligent merchants on this side of the* Atlantic
' recognized the change which was .about to
take place to pur ^injury, and strove to obviate
its effects. They..saw that in the revolution
i which was impending in the character of ocean
I navigation we were to be placed in a very,dis-
advantageous relative position. We had iron,
skilled.mechanics, industry, energy, superior
intelligence, and a thorough knowledge of
| steam engineering; but we lacked experience
! in that particular branch; we knew little of the
construction of- marineengine&j -wet had. not
the. grea^ tHid ejcpensive workst necessary; we
were without cheap, labor, and without tthe
necessary;capital to spare for such purposes;
but notwithstanding these difficulties large
works had been constructed. New York pos-
sessed the most important of these. We had
the "Novelty" iron-works, which had built
the Pacific line .of iron steamships; the finest
in the warlxl y the-Alaire works, the jEtna, the
Pulton, and the Continental iron-works.
These and others elsewhere in the United
States had entered into the field of competition
with similar works in England, and .struggled
against a fearful disadvantage in favor of Eng-
land, as to the cost of production. This it will
j be remembered was at a period antecedents
| the war, and had risen out of a condition of
things with whipb the war was wholly discon-
nected. Meanwhile, though circumstances.were
gradually appreciating the prices of labor and
material in the United States, required in the
construction of iron steam vessels, they re-
mained stationary in England, thus securing
;what appeared to be a permanent advantage
against us. England commenced the construc-
tion,of iron ateafa vessels for every part of the
world, which soon came in disastrous competi-
tion with the wooden siailing vessels of . the
United States. , This affected our carrying in-
terest in the East Indies and South-America,
as well as between Europe and this country.
We had nothing to offer against it except the
speed..aed beauty,of i*n American clipper,
which was- comparatively a very alow , coach
indeed. Our own works bad; produced only
the larger and finer class of packet steamships,
and these had been constructed at a great cost,
and were sailed at a much larger expense than
any other ships in the world.
Another cause for the decline of our tonnage
may be found in the over-production of vessels
by our builders and merchants, from 1848 to
1860. The great stimulant given to trade and
commerce by the yields of the California gold
mines during this period, and opening up, as
it did, a new field of ocean navigation in the
Pacific, caused universal activity in our ship-
yards and marine work-shops. Over-produc-
tion ensued, and a much larger number of both
sailing and steam vessels were constructed
than were required. Many of these were built
at high cost and could not long be maintained
with a profitable yield to the capital invested
as against lower cost and interest in Europe.
A reaction had begun as early as 1854, and was
continued, with occasional changes, until 1860,
when it became evident to intelligent merchants
that over-construction of shipping, like all
kinds of over-trading in commerce, would pro-
duce disastrous results to those who were di-
rectly interested in that kind of property. By
reference to the amount of foreign merchandise
imported into the United States during the
years 1854 to 1861 it will be seen that the
decrease had then begun. The following table
will show this in figures:
Merchandiie imported in American vessels.
1854.'... ;. $215,3T6,273
1855   202,234,900
lijai.—     249.972^12
185 7    259,116,170
185 8  203,700,016
185 9    216,123,428
186 0 -  228,161,855
1861...    201,544,055
And yet another cause for the decline may
be found in the fact that a considerable portion
of our shipping which existed at the begin-
ning of the war was transferred to the English
flag for security against confederate privateers.
The flag was merely changed, though not in
all cases the ownership of the property. It is
estimated that the aggregate amount of Ameri-
can tonnage so transferred amounted.to 803,303
tons, and that about one half of this, or about
400,000, still remain under the British flag.
This is classified in our reports as English or
foreign shipping, though in tact it is American.
Another cause maybe traced to the Chinese
policy of our Government, in maintaining upjJn
ihe. statute-books laws which are in contraven-
tion of the spirit of the age and directly oppo-
site to the policy adopted by all the maritime
nations of Europe. I refer to our navigation
laws, which shutout and preclude all foreign-
built vessels from being used as American
property. .
Another cause maybe found in the fact thaft
one of the effects of the substitution of steam
vessels for sailing ones is to materially decrease
the necessity for so much, tonnage in propor-
tion to.the amount of commerce required. A
steamer makes about three times as many
trips as a sailing vessel within the same time.
Thus a given tonnage of steamship will do the
work of abont three sailing vessels. It follows
that that proportion of tonnage may be dis-
pensed with in doing the ocean carrying trade
of the world. This is proven by the fact that
England has but slightly increased intheaggre-
gate of her tohnage within tec years, though she
ha? received within that period a large-acces-
sion of American vessels, and taken from us
nearly all of the American carrying trade
besides.
Aud the,cause which is; uppermost in the
popular mind is the destruction of American
shipping, during the war. It is unquestionably
U'ue that that cauaej together with the general
apprehension and danger which besat our com-
merce on the sea foe those four years, did very
materially hasten the deplorable condition in
Which it sow remains. It was .not' so much
the amount of tonnage destroyed as it was the
effec t of the war, ia vajrionfcother respects, that
