1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
mittee on Commerce. Thetimeit takes will
come out of my own hour.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What do yon
propose to do with it?
Mr. WOOD. I submit that the gentleman
from Illinois must proceed with the reports
from the committee that has been called, and
not occupy time on other subjects.
The SPEAKER. Tho objection is a valid
one, and the gentleman from Illinois must
proceed with the regular order.
st. james and little bock railway.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee oil
Railways and Canals, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, the
bill (H. R. No. 265) granting lands and the
right of way to the St. James and Little Rock
Railroad Company.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of a railroad from the town of
St. James, in Phelps county, Missouri, by way
of Salem, in Dent county, in said State, through
the counties of Phelps, Texas, Shannon, How-
ell, or Oregon, ana thence to Batesvilie or
Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas, there be
granted to the 8t. James and Little Rock Rail-
road Company, a corporation organized under
the laws of Missouri, the right of way through
any public lands in the States of Missouri and
Arkansas for the construction of said railroad;
and it gives to the said company the right,
power, and authority' to take from the public
lands adjacent to the line of the railroad rock,
stone, and other material for the construction
thereof. The right of way is granted to the
extent of one hundred feet wide wheTe it may
pass over the public lands, including all neces-
sary ground for stations, buildings, workshops
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations not exceeding
forty acres at any one station, provided that
any and all lands heretofore reserved by any
act of Congress or other competent authority
for the purpose of aiding in any object of inter-
nal improvement or other purpose shall be
reserved and excepted, except as far as maybe
necessary to locate the right of way. of said
railroad through such reserved lands.
The second section provides that for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of said
railroad there shall be granted each alternate
section, designated by odd numbers, for five
miles on each side of the road, not otherwise
4i posed of by the United States, and to which
no homestead or preemption claim has at-
tached at the time of the location of the road;
provided that the company shall accept the
grant within six months from the passage of
this act, and file au acceptance of the same
with the Secretary of the Interior, where-
upon he shall withdraw from market the land
embraced^ within this grant.
The third section provides that when the
company shall have completed ten miles of
the road in Uissqprl or in Arkansas, and the
Governor of Missouri or the Governor of
Arkansas shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that a section of ten miles of said
road is completed in a good and workmanlike
manner, then theSeeretary of the Interior shall
issue to said company patents for the amount
of land embraced in this act; and when like
certificates of completion of additional sec-
tions of ten miles each are* made, then addi-
tional patents shall be given, until the road
shall be completed.
The fourth section provides that this railroad
shall be completed within eight years from the
passage of this act.
T Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoli,] will not seek to put
this bill upon its passage at this time without
an opportunity for full consideration, appro-
Kml*1;8 o3 1t<loes ,arg« bodies of tho public
Th; ;Missouri and Arkansas.
bron<rlit fn j'j °*"t'3'sc'ass which has been
broujit forward during the present Congress,
and I presume it is to be here determined
what is to be the policy in future of Congress
in reference to these public lands. I did not
notice when this bill was read that it provides
any limitation upon this corporation in refer-
ence to the disposition of these lands to actual
settlers. There is not even a limitation upon
the price of the land; but there is an absolute
grant of land to this corporation without any
limitation whatever. I trust that we will now
Eut a stop to giving away the public lands, and
old them for the only purpose which the Gov-
ernment has a right to hold them for—that is,
to secure homes for actual settlers.
Mr. INGfiRSOLL. I do not believe the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will
object to this bill afler it shall have been ex-
plained to him. It violates no principle about
which he has been speaking; that is, in refer-
ence to public land3 which have beeti in mar-
ket. I propose to occupy a few moments in
explaining this bill, and then I will submit it
to the House, and abide its decision in regard
to it. Whatever that decision may be, I shall
be content.
This bill proposes to grant lands to a cor-
Eoration which has been created by acts of the
legislatures of Missouri and Arkansas. The
road commences at! a point in Missouri called
St. James, and terminates at Little Rock, in
the State of Arkansas. This bill proposes that
this railroad shall have the alternate, odd-num-
bered sections of unoccupied and unclaimed
lands belonging to the United States within a
range of ten miles, reserving to the Government
of the United States the other alternate sections,
those designated by even numbers. Now, it
must be remembered that all these lands have
been in market, a part of them for.fifty years
and a part for about thirty years. And for fif-
teen years past it has all been subject to entry
at twelve and a half cents per acre. All the
land worth anything for agricultural purposes
has been located, either by purchase at from
$1 25 per acre to twelve and a half cents per
acre, or by agricultural college scrip, land-
warrants, and what not. This company pro-
pose to build this road down through this re-
gion of country, which is a sparsely-settled
country, to a large extent a mineral country,
abounding in deposits of coal, lead, and iron.
Without this railroad these deposits of miner-
als will be almost utterly worthless. A large
portion of this region is mountainous; but little
of it is fit for purposes of cultivation. This
company propose to build this road if they can
have the benefit of the grant of this land in the
construction of the road, and to open up all the
mineral wealth of this country for the benefit
of civilization and for the general benefit of the
entire country. Without this land the com-
pany say they cannot baild this road; but if the |
road be built it will give a value to mineral |
lands which to-day are absolutely worthless ;
for it must be remembered that in Missouri
and Arkansas mineral lands far distant from
railroad or water communication are worth no
more than if they yielded only so mucti stone.
To make them valuable a railroad must be
built; and in Order that a railroad may be built
you must give some inducement to companies
to build it.
When it is remembered that this land has,
nnder the homestead act, been open to entry
for agricultural purposes for a great many
years, originally at $1 25 per acre and more
recently at twelve and a half cents per acre, it
must be conceded that all of it that is valuable
for agricultural purposes has already been
entered, preempted, or has in some other way
passed under the control of settlers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry ? I wish to know how
much land will be appropriated by this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. According to the report '
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, about six hundred and forty thousand
acres within an entire distance of about two ;
hundred and forty miles of road. j
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to make an
inquiry. I see that this bill comes from the
Committee on Commerce 
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; from the Com-
mittee on .Railways and Canals.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, these propositions
for the donation of public lands have usually
been submitted to the Committee on the Public
Lands. I would like to learn from the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] whether
this bill has been submitted to that committee,
and whether it has their approval.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think not.
_ Mr. JULIAN. I wish to inquire how this
bill, which proposes to make a very large land
grant, happens to be reported by the Commit-
tee on Railways and Canals ; and how that
committee happens to have jurisdiction of the
question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The answer to that
question is very easy. The Committee on
Railways and Canals has jurisdiction because
the House gave it jurisdiction by referring the
bill to that committee, which is perhaps as
appropriate a committee for the reference of
the bill as the Committee on the Public Lands,
of which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] is chairman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Was there any land grant
in the bill originally referred ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. There was precisely the
same grant except that it was for double the
amount which the bill now proposes. The
committee have cut down the quantity to one
half.
Mr. NIBLACK. It seems to me that these
land grants ought to pass nnder the supervision
of some one committee, and the Committee on
the Public Lands is, I think, appropriately
charged with the consideration of such matters.
In view of the reckless disposition which has
heretofore been made of the public lands I be-
lieve weoughtnot to pass any bill without allow-
ing that committee an opportunity to consider it.
I hope, therefore, the gentleman from Illinois
will yield to me that I may enter a motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands. Otherwise I shall have to oppose the
bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether this bill makes
provision that the lands granted to this railroad
company shall be sold only to actual settlers ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Did the gentleman hear
the bill read ?
Mr. Lawrence, i did not,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think it does make
such provision.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to say but a single
word. So far as I am personally concerned I
am prepared under some circumstances to vote
for appropriating the proceeds of the public
lands for the general improvement of the coun-
try ; but I am not prepared to vote lands away
absolutely to corporations to the exclusion of
actual settlers.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, the re-
mark of the gentleman is calculated to create
a wrong impression. This bill does not pro-
pose to grant public lands to the exclusion of
theactnal settler. No such inference can justly
be drawn from any of its provisons. The
measure is designed to encourage the actual
settler to go into a country that is now unfit
for settlement.
But, sir, in regard to the other proposition
of the gentleman, that some one of the commit-
tees of the House ought to be charged with the
consideration of the question of disposing of
the public lands for railroad purposes, I agree
with the gentleman. The Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals do not desire to usurp any
authority over the public domain not legit-
imately pertaining to that committee.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYHAM. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the bill does not exclude these
