1870.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Canada as a regular territory or dependence of
the government of Canada with the power of
local legislation, or to be annexed to the Uni-
ted States. There are various reasons why this
latter course should be adopted. They are
very numerous; so numerous that I shall not
undertake at this time to go into them.
There have been difficulties in what is known
as the Bed river country, lying directly north
of the State of Minnesota. There is now ex-
isting there a sort of insurrection. The people
are very much dissatisfied with the condition
ia which they have been left by the recent
trade between the Hudson Bay Company and
the Government of Canada. They are, so to
speak, left out in the cold. Their means of
communication with the rest of the civilized
world are extremely imperfect, and the only
channel of trade which is of any value to them
consists of the market of the United States.
Prom the information which I have I do not
think the memorial which has been read here
states the number of the population at a suf-
ficiently high figure. I am credibly informed
that the resident population of the Red river
settlement, so called, or, in other words, what
was anciently known as Lord Selkirk's settle-
ment, amounts to nearly twenty thousand.
What the number of the population is on the
west side of the Rocky mountains in British
Columbia proper I am not able to say, but I
suppose it must reach from twenty to twenty-
five thousand.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow
me, as I presume he does not wish to labor
under a mistake in this respect, the population
has never been claimed to be over from twelve
to fifteen thousand for the Red river country.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. It is a very
considerable settlement, and from the little
investigation I have been able to give respect-
ing the quality of that country in the lower
latitudes of it I am prepared to say that it is
upon the whole a very desirable country, pro-
ductive of almost all the cereals, greatly pro-
ductive in furs and other things which are of
value in trade and commerce.
But I cannot exactly agree with the sugges-
tion contained in this resolution—the Senator
from Oregon will pardon me—that we are to
accept oi British Columbia as a payment for
the Alabama claims.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator mistakes the
language of the resolution. It merely provides
that that shall be included as one of the arti-
cles in the settlement.
Mr. HOWARD. In the settlement of those
claims I should have no objection to accept-
ing in part payment, and a very small part if
you please, the territory contemplated by the
resolution ; but I am not going just now to
give my consent to accept of this region of
country, even if it shall be tendered by Great
Britain, at the sum of about two hundred mil-
lion dollars, which I suppose to be the figure
of our damages in respect to the Alabama
claims. I hold that England is bound to pay
to the United States, or to her suffering citi-
zens who were damaged by her cruisers and
corsairs, the cold cash sufficient to indemnify
them for the willful trespass committed upon
their property.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan will suspend his remarks. The
Horning hour haviDg expired, the unfinished
business of the last day's session is before the
Senate, being the bill (S. No. 291) to encour-
age and promote the International Industrial
Exhibition to be held in Washington city in
the year 1871, and the pending question is on
'he motion of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWARD. I have nothing more to
say on the resolution before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the preamble and resolution offered
by the Senator from Oregon will be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is so ordered.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 22d
of December, 1869, approved and signed the
bill (S. No. 281) to promote the reconstruction
of the State of Georgia ; and the joint resolu-
tion (S. JJ. No. 88) suspending existing pro-
visions of law for taking the census.
state 01? virginia.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) de-
claring Virginia entitled to representation in
the Congress of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to postpone the unfinished
business which is now pending, with a view of
taking up the joint resolution indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend will not
ask us to proceed with that joint resolution
to-day.
Mr. STEWART. I most certainly shall ask
the Senate to proceed with it. I think Virginia
is entitled to her day in the Senate now. This
resolution was passed over before the recess in
order that amendments might be offered. They
have been offered, and it is highly important
that we should decide the question whether
Virginia shall be represented or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator listen to
the reason?
Mr. STEWART. This is a very unreason-
able request.
Mr. SUMNER. The Judiciary Committee,
as I understand—but there I am subject to
correction—has made no particular inquiry
into the actual condition of Virginia, as it did
into the actual condition of Georgia. I am not
aware that any witnesses have been examined
or any evidence taken in regard to some of the
reports of the fearful condition of certain parts
of this State at the present moment. Now, 1
suggest to my friend whether it is not expe-
dient that there should be a careful inquiry into
the actual condition of things in Virginia, that
the committee may be able to communicate
the result to the Senate, so that we may act
deliberately and intelligently. I see in the
papers this morning an able and elaborate
paper setting forth the condition of things in
Tennessee. Does that not teach the Senate the
inexpediency of precipitating any of these re-
cently rebel States back into theUnion ? Let us
consider their condition and act on evidence.
If I could have my way I should like to have
this joint resolution go back to the committee
again in order to give the faithful, loyal people
in Virginia an opportunity of being heard. I
wish to give the loyal people their day in the
Senate, their day before the committee. Have
they had it? I understand not. I understand
that the loyal people of Virginia have not been
heard by the committee on this question.
Mr. STEWART. This question 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Nevada will suspend for a moment. The Chair
desires to state that he deems it his duty, and
by the suggestion of Senators he will deem it
right, to enforce the eleventh rule of theSenate
strictly ; that is that debate upon a motion to
take np a bill shall not be on the merits of the
proposition. The Senate have seen during the
last days before the recess that debate pro-
gressed on such a motion and several bills were
discussed, not only the bill proposed to be
taken up, but several other bills.
Mr. STEWART. J will not reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts until after the
joint resolution is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not desire to arrest the remarks of the Senator
from Nevada. He only deems it his duty to
confino the Senate strictly to the eleventh rule.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to reply to
the suggestions
325
of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts g pebsidENT. The Senator
can do it by asking and obtaining unanimous
C°Mr.nSTEWART. - No; let the resolution
bSThe VICEfpEESmENT. Thequestion is
on the motion of the Senator frbm Nevada
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8o) de-
claring Virginia entitled to representation m
the Congress of the United States.-
The resolution was read, as-follows:
He it resolved by the Senate cmdHowseof
lives of the UnitedSt<ae ^Am^in-Cong^aMem-
bled, That tho State of Virginia is entitled torepre
sentation in the Congress of the United btates.
Mr. STEWART. I will state in brief to the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senate
the condition of this joint resolution and the
investigation that has been had.^ It will be
recollected that we passed a series of meas-
ures known as the reconstruction measures, in
which it was provided that when the States
which had been in rebellion performed certain
acts therein named they should be admitted
to representation in Congress, thereby pledg-
ing the faith of the Government to admit them
when they had complied with those terms.
Several of the States did comply, and were ad-
mitted by a resolution without any consider-
able opposition. Georgia complied in part;
but before her Senators were admitted here
her Legislature revolutionized her govern-
ment, as some of us thought, and placed herin
hostility to the whole reconstruction measures.
Congress felt authorized in that case to placc
Georgia back where she was before she ex-
pelled the colored members and committed
other acts in hostility to the whole programme
of reconstruction as laid down by Congress.
Virginia did not vote at the time fixed in those
laws. She had formed her constitution, but
failed to submit it to the people. No election
was held under it. During the last session an
act was passed allowing that constitution to
be submitted to the people of Virginia and
allowing them to vote on it in part. That was
done. An election was held, and the Presi-
dent of the United States tells us—and he had
the matter examined by his officers—that Vir-
giniahascompliedin all respects with the recon-
struction acts.
I think that if she had failed to comply in
any important material we should have notice
of the fact. General Canby has examined the
reports that came to him. There were com-
plaints made to him in regard to some elec-
tions. He examined them and found that the
elections were substantially regular. Exam-
ination so far as complaints were made to him
has already been made, and we have Genera!
Canby's report to that effect. That report ia
before the Reconstruction Committee of the
House in manuscript. I believe it is not in
print. I saw it in manuscript. He finds that
the elections were fair.
Tho constitution of Virginia I have before
me. It is certainly a republican constitution.
This constitution was adoptod by an almost
unanimous vote of that people. " It requires
every person who takes an office to swear that
he will recognize the equality of all men be-
fore the law. _ Virginia has decided to carry out
this constitution by almost a unanimous vote.
I sec that the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts has reference to the test-oath
When that question came up the Legislature'
before proceeding, had the matter submitted to
the President; he referred it to the Attorney
General, and we have the opinion of the Attor-
ney General that that oath need not be admin-
istered to the members of the Legislature.
J.hey were very careful and particular in fol-
ojnpgalitne statutes and ait the requirements.
the commanding general says the election
was a fair one. I believe that the people of
Virginia have complied as nearly as possible
