1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2581
even in latitude forty-seven, for a corps of men
to chop down the woods and open the forest to
the admission of the road? Is it not common
for men to do their chopping in the winter?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator said they
were grading the road. As to trees in Minne-
sota, a man would have to go niore miles than
these people .have traversed from February
until this time to find any trees. [Laughter.]
Trees are the verylast things you can find in
Minnesota.
No, sir, that is not it. But we do not care
about that. It seems the weather is so mild in
Minnesota that they are. plowing, when? Now,
not plowingin the middle of February. Every-
body knows what the climate of Minnesota is.
It is forty degrees below zero one day and a
complete break up the next day. There is no
spring and there is no fall in Minnesota. It is
all winter or all summer. You are frozen out
of your boots or in your boots for eight months
of the year, and then it is a tropical region for
the remaining four.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then why are you so jeal-
ous of us ? Why not allow us to have this
road ?
Mr. THURMAN. Because I do not intend
to give yon so much land as this for nothing
if I can help it. Minnesota is a fine State, not-
withstanding what I liave said, a very fine
State. She raises very fine people, and sends
good-looking Senators to this Chamber, Sen-
ators who are excellent in getting through
everything that they want to get through. I
have great respect for Minnesota, although I
do not think much railroad is graded thero in
the middle of February. [Laughter.]
Now where is the violation of any vested
right? Where is the money that has been
spent by this company? Where is the exhibit
of the affairs of this company? How much
stock has it? How much money has been in-
vested in the enterprise? Absolutely we aro
wholly in the dark about it. It will not do,
therefore, to say that here is any violation of
vested rights, or any violation of the honor of
the country, if we require that that shall be
done which we think, in our judgment, ought
to have been done when this charter was
granted; that is, provide that this land shall
not be a great monopoly.
Sir, I wish that every Senator had before
him a map of the United States with a broad
belt drawn upon it one hundred and twenty
miles wide, which this resolution proposes
shall be the monopoly of this company—a
breadth of one hundred and twenty miles, in
which this company is to have forty sections
to tho mile, and out of which it is to keep out
every other railroad company, and to keep out
the actual settlers of the country, for more
than two thousand miles across the country.
Think of a belt one hundred and twenty miles
wide and reaching two thousand miles in ex-
tent, sufficient of itself to make twenty States
and more than twenty States of the size of
some of the States of the Union. That is the
monopoly which this railroad company is to
have; and yet, when that is the case, when
such a grant as no Government in the world
ever made to a private corporation is pending,
and when the whole upshot of the business is
that this Government is to build the road, to
equip the road, to pay enough to build it and
pay enough to equip it, and then turn it over
as a gracious gift to a private corporation, to
be the monopoly of that corporation—when
that is the case, this measure is to be urged
through the Senate without even a word said
in its favor by those who ought to furnish the
information, if it exists, that would justify the
passage of any such act,
I say, Mr. President, this is a strange kind
of proceeding. It is a strange thing that such
a measure as this, such a monopoly aa is to
be created by the proposed legislation, should
come before this Senate without even a report
from a committee, without one single fact
officially stated or authentically stated which
justifies the Senate in passing the resolution
at all.,
Sir, I say that this company has done nothing
which gives it any vested rights that would pre-
vent us from making this provision in favor of
actual settlers, applying as well to the original
grant as to that which is proposed by this res-
olution. It has done nothing. I would be as
far as any one from violating the plighted faith
of the nation; I have as much respect for vested
rights as any one; but nobody has vested rights
under an act of Congress, which is contingent
in its character, until he has acted under and
upon the faith of that act.
I mentioned this morning the opinion of the
Attorney General, which is more fully set
forth in the letter read by the senior Senator
from Iowa, and which is undoubtedly the true
law of" the case, that no such company has
anything but an inchoate, an imperfect right
to land, until it makes its survey and files its
map in the Department of the Interior. That
is undoubtedly the law. This company has
had six years in which to do that thing, and it
is not done yet, as I understand. Where, then,
is its vested right to the land? Where, then,
is its title to the land ? And upon the equity
of the case, once more I put it, how can it
have any equity as against the Government
until it has invested its money in this enter-
prise, shown us what that investment is, and
shown us that it is such an amount as would
require of us in tho cxercise of good faith and
honor to confirm this grant, and not in any
way to modify, change, or alter it.
Why, sir, it is a common principle of equity,
and of estoppel, too, that nobody is estopped in
favor of another unless that other person has
acted upon the faith of the promise or the act
of the person who is estopped. There is noth-
ing done by this company on the faith of our
act except a paper organization, xlnd now
the Senate is appealed to, as if it was tho most
meritorious thingwe could do, to go in the dark
and enlarge the privileges of this corporation.
It seems to me that with some gentlemen their
hopes of salvation rest upon their generosity
to railroad corporations, and that to give the
lands of the people to railroad corporations is
a more charitable work than to feed the poor,
to relieve the suffering, or even to perform our
duties to our Maker himself.
1 impeach no man's motives. Iara not justi-
fied in doing that, because I know nothing of
the motives of any man who advocates this
proposition. I assume, as a matter of course,
that all gentlemen here are actuated by public
considerations, for I know nothing to the con-
trary, and if I did I would not speak in am-
biguous terms; but yet there is this strange
spectacle proceeding before us : when the ques-
tion is, shall a State be put under the heel of
the military; when the question is, shall a
State government be overthrown; when the
question is, shall a State Legislature be allowed
to usurp power for two years that does not be-
long to it, it can be postponed from day to day,
and week to week, and I was almost going to
say from month to month, although our ears
are filled with charges of outrage and anarchy
and assassination; but when it comes to a
question, shall a railroad grant pass, then we
are told we must sit it out; then appeals are
made to those in favor of it, " Do not talk ; do
not speak; let those who aro opposed to it
speak ; let us vote." That may be policy.; I
do not say that it is not policy; but I do say that
it forms a strange contrast to what we see upon
other measures that are presented to the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I wish that the amend-
ment I offered, if it be defective, as well it
may be, shall be amended; but I wish that it
maybe considered. We are now at the outset
of this business—no, not at the very outset,
but at a point where a new departure is about
to be taken- Do Senators know that there are
pending in the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, before the two bodies or committees of
the two bodies, railroad schemes that appro-
priate over four hundred million acres of the
public domain—more land than was in the ori-
ginal thirteen States? And these schemes are
to be pressed, one after another, before the Sen-
ate. Now we are to decide the question what
shall be our policy in the future. Shall these
grants be such as they have been heretofore—
without limitation, without restriction, without
one single shield of protection thrown around
the settlers and the people of the country; or
shall we say that if we do give these grants in
the future, if we do make them in the future,
tliey shall be coupled with provisions which
shall secure the right of the people to settle on
the lands and buy them at a living price? No
greater question could occupy the Senate. It
is a question whether the people of this country
shall have homes, or whether the lands of this
country shall be engrossed by corporations and
held in mortmain, as it were, for perhaps half
a century to come. That is the question. It
is the question whether or not this Senate will
erect itself into the great creator of mortmain,
or whether it will protect these lands for the
benefit of the people who are landless.
Mr. President, it may be that I feel too much
upon this subject; but I cannothelp it. Ican-
not look over this country ; I cannot contem-
plate what will soon bo its population ; I can-
not think of the suffering in every country
where there is a dense population; I cannot
dwell for a moment upon the fact that everyday
and every hour in this land makes it more and
more difficult for the poor man to get an estate,
and listen with becoming patience to proposi-
tions to grant away forty, fifty, or one hundred
millions of the public domain to a set of private
corporations; to see this Government build and
equip-a road and then give it to so many pri-
vate individuals as a free gift. I may be wrong,
sir ; but I cannot see that I am wrong.
As I said before, my amendment brings be-
fore the Senate the question whether or not
you will go on making these grants without any
restriction, without any protection to the peo-
ple. Certainly it deserves consideration by the
Senate. I wish every Senator to have it in
print before him, and I invoke his considera-
tion, whatever he may think of it; and feeling
that way, I have been anxious that the Senate
should pass over this measure in order that the
amendment may be printed; and now I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The Senate refused to adjourn ; thero being,
on a division—ayes 1G, noes 27.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not certain that I
understand the amendment. As it was offered
the other day it affects the entire grant, both
the original grant and this new one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ascertain
from the Senator from Massachusetts what is
before the body.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that my
amendment is to strike out the words " here-
tofore or," so that the provisions of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio shall apply to
the grant now made, and not to the original
grant.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator with-
draw his own amendment?
Mr. WILSON. I withdrew my first amend-
ment at the request of the Senator from Ohio
to allow him to move this amendment. His
amendment is drawn up evidently with a great
deal of care and accuracy, and if it is so
amended as to apply merely to the grant made
in this joint resolution I shall vote for it most
cheerfully. , ,
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand that
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts strikes out certain words from the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
