1870.
Tm CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3525
tion to restore the prosperity of American ship-
building. How is this to be done? The evil I
with which we grapple is of magnitude. How
shall we best eradicate it? Willthis bill do it?
I fear not. A disease which is constitutional,
existing in every part of the organization of the
human frame, but which develops itself in the
surface only at one part, cannot be cured by
an application to the part itself. Remedies
must be provided which will affect the whole
system and change somewhat the character of
the blood, thus reaching the producing causes.
This bill has but one remedy, and that is a
soothing elixir administered in the character
of a stimulant. It does not appear to compre-
hend the magnitude of the difficulty it seeks to
remove, falling very far short of a just appre-
ciation of both the causes and effects of the
evil. Not only are the proposed measures
comprehended in this bill insufficient for the
accomplishment of the purpose, but some of
the measures themselves are objectionable, and
ought not to be adopted.
1 now proceed to examine the bill more in
detail, and shall briefly refer to its provisions.
The first section provides that upon all mate-
rial entering into the construction of a vessel,
whether steam or sail, imported from abroad,
a rebate, or drawback shall be allowed, equal
to the duties which were paid on such articles
wheu imported. The effect of this would be
to place the American ship-builder on an equal j
footing with the foreign ship-builder, so for as i
the cost of the material is concerned, except
the expense of its transportation here. This is
a correct principle. But why is it necessary
to incorporate such a provision in this bill?
We have a tariff bill pending, which compre-
hends all these articles, upoa which it lays a
heavy duty, whereas, if we place them on the
free list, permitting them to come, in free of
duty, the necessity of this provision would be
obviated ; besides, the expense to the Govern-
ment of the cost of the collection of the duty
would be prevented. Therefore I suggest to
the friends of this measure that they vote with
myself and others of this House who are op-
posed to the imposition of high duties on such
articles, so that they may come ia on the. free
list. But it is an error to assume that the whole
or that the most considerable part of the cost
of a steamship lies in the material used. Labor,
including the cost of engineers, constitutes
about one half of the whole cost, and this is
beyond the reach of legislation to affect, and is
not touched upon: by this hill.
I am in favor of the object of this section,
bat deplore the way in which the committee
have sought proper to propose it. Then, sir,
the proviso is very remarkable. It says:
That where Amerioan material is used in the con-
struct ion of iron.steel, or composite vessels or steam-
ers, there shall be allowed and paid, as aforesaid, an
amount equivalent to the dutie3 imposed on similar
articles of foreign manufacture when imported. •
This is rushing the protective principle. It
does not, as heretofore, propose to protect a
particular branch of industry by levying a high
duty, but it takes the money out of the Treas-
ury and pays it directly to those persons who
happen to manufacture the same articles.
Why, sir, that is a great extension of the
protective principle. And if those who make
articles in this country that are to enter into
ship-building are to receive from the public
Treasury in dollars and cents so much money
directly, why should not the producer of wfoeat,
corn, cotton, tobacco, and every other product
of the country be allowed in like manner to
put his hand into the public Treasury and take
out the amount which in his judgment he ought
to receive in accordance with this principle ?
The second section is all right. It proposes
simply that articles to be used as' fuel and
stores' of vessels shall be allowed to go on
board ship, for ship consumption, free of duty.
This is clearly right. • Every nation of Europe
poes this. It is a correct principle, and there-
fore 1 shall cheerfully vote for that section.
But when we come to the third section I find
there what I cannot support. It classifies ves-
sels into four different grades, each of whieh
is to receive directly a subsidy or bounty from
the Government. The first class is to receive
$1 60 a ton; the second class is to receive
$1 50 a ton; the third class $4 a ton, and the
fourth olass $3 a ton. I have averaged the
amount of these subsidies, and divided the 1
average by the aggregate amount of tonnage,
and I find that this would take from the public
Treasury, according to my estimate, over ten .
million dollars.
Mr. LYNCH. Your calculation must be
wrong.
Mr. WOOD. The chairman of the commit-
tee says that my calculation is wrong. How-
ever that may be, the conclusion which I have
reached is different, from his own. Now, this
subsidy cannot possibly revive our foreign ship-
ping interest. A bounty of four dollars a ton on
a ship of four thousand tons would be no in-
ducement. It would, however, have the effect
of subsidizing the domestic trade, with which
we have no competitor. The section applies
to the coasting trade; it applies to vessels ;
trading between New Brunswick and Port-
land, in Maine. There is a regular line of ,
steamers sailing every day between the city of
the chairman of the committee and the British
provinces, and this bill will place in the hands !
of those interested in that line of steamers |
millions of dollars, while it will not to any :
appreciable extent benefit the foreign exporter
or importer of New York, or any other class
of people who are practically engaged in the 1
foreign commerce of the country. j
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to correct the gen- ;
tleman in regard to what he has said about a !
daily line of steamers between Portland and
the British provinces. There is a tri-weekly
line of steamers running from Boston and
Portland to the British provinces] and this ;
would come under the head of the steamers j
running to and from the British provinces, ,
which are to receive $1 50 per ton-^only the '
same as sail-vessels^.
Mr. WOOD. I will answer the gentleman
by reading from his bill.- I quote from the
third section:
Upon every steamer running to and from the ports
of the North American provinces, $150 for each regis-
tered ton.
Now, I know it to be the fact that there are
such Bnes of steamers. I do not know whether
they, originate in Boston or not, but do know
that they run from the gentleman's district to
the British provinces, and will be directly
benefited.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
a word of explanation ?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I would explain that that
provision is a limitation upon the amounts
allowed to steamers. On steamers running to
and from European ports we allow four dollars
per ton; on steamers running to other foreign
ports three -dollars; but on steamers running to
and from the ports of the North American
provinces we allow only $1 50, being the same
as is allowed to sail-vessels.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman and myself
do not differ, only he is very properly, sensitive
in regard to my reference to his - constitu-
ents. I make no objection to the friends of
the gentleman making all the money they, pos-
sibly can out of the Government, if they do it
rightfully, provided my constituents do not
pay any part of it. ... , .
Whilethere are sections, therefore, of the bill
I can heartily approve, there are others I con-
demn. But it is inadequate to remove the
difficulties under which the navigation interests
now labor. All the advantage which the bill
will give to those engaged in ship-building will
fall very far short of the required remedy. It
is donbtful whether it is within the sphere of
legislation at this moment to accomplish this.
W hile we may stimulate it by granting bounties,
subsidies, and drawbacks, yet these would be
but stimulants and aiders in a renewal of pro-
duction, but not sufficient to revive our ancient
supremacy and to maintain it afterward. Some-
thing of a greater or more substantial character
is necessary to accomplish this. I will state
very briefly what in my view is necessary.
THE BEMEDIES.
1. In a very general revival of trade founded
on a sound basis, with a specie-paying currency,
the abolition of internal taxes, and a greater
public and private economy.
2. New avenues of foreign commerce, so as
to give business to the tonnage, and thus create
the necessity for its increased production ; our
Pacific commercial resources to be more fully
developed.
3. The readmission of the vessels which
sought the. protection of a foreign flag during
the war to American registry.
4. The modification of our navigation laws
so as to admit foreign-built vessels to American
registry, either free of duty or on payment of
a moderate duty on the tonnage of such vessels.
5. The allowance of a drawback on imported
material which is used in the.cons"ruction of ves-
sels, or an equivalent to the drawback where
American materials are used.
6. Permission to withdraw from bond
stores and fuel to be consumed by vessels, on
voyages to foreign ports, or to place the same
on the free list.
7. Exemption of tonnage from all taxes
other than by the Federal Government.
8. The granting of such moderate compen-
sation by way of postage on mails as will
insure the establishment of line3 of American
ocean steamers to the principal ports of the
world, thereby enabling our citizens to par-
ticipate in the profits of the trade created by
such lines.
9. And by favoring to a small extent
American bottoms in the imposition of tariff
duties, so as to discriminate in their favor on
all foreign merchandise imported by a reduc-
tion of existing rates on goods brought in by
American vessels.
I shall attempt no elucidation of or argument
to sustain these propositions; to do so intelli-
gently would require an hour or more of time
and would be more appropriate on another
bill. For the present I leave them to be worked
out by those who now listen to me or who may
consider these remarks of sufficient interest to
read when printed. I present them merely as
suggestions, inviting thought and examination
to them, confident that if these be carefully
given my own conclusion will be reached; that
if in them collectively a remedy cannot be
found for the decline and fall of American
ocean navigation none can be found that is at
this time within the range of possibilities.
In conclusion, I regret that it has been im-
possible for me to give this question a wider
range of discussion. There are many topics
connected with it that I should have been happy
to have referred to if the time allotted to me
would have allowed. The Pacific trade is yet to
open to uS. That sea, with its abundant sources
of wealth and as yet unexplored regions of.
vast commercial resources, remains yet to be
developed. The Pacific railroad, the ship-
canal across the Isthmus of Panama, and the
telegraph about to be constructed across that
sea to China, and thus to conclude the circuit
of the world, are all subjects pertinent to and
within the range of thoughts suggested by the
questions before us. TJpoq another occasion
1 shall present to the House my views on these
great topics, and hope to elicit those of others
who are more competent to lift the curtain and
to present the comprehensive view of that great
future which awaits the American people in
that direction.
In my judgment all these specifics and med
icines and remedies are necessary to cure the
patient—the sick man that is upon our hands
in a dying condition. With these aggregated
and put into legislation as far as we may, we
may then see the commerce of the ocean car-
