4470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
OPENING OP CALOOSAIIATCHIE RIVER.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2207) grant-
ing kinds to aid in the opening of Caloosa-
hatchie river, and building a canal from said
river to Lake Okechobeej which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
w. w. hunter.
Mr. DONLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2208) for the relief
0 i \V. W. Hunter; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
SCUOONEK L. S DAVIS.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 2209) to carry into
eftect the decree of the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of New
\ork in the case of the schooner L. S. Davis
and her cargo: which was lead a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF TIIH CAPITAL.
Mr. CIIEBS. I ask unanimous consent to
•submit a preamble and resolution in relation
to the removal of the capital of the United
States, and to move that they be referred to the
Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should think that the
proper reference would be to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to have the resolu-
tion referred to the Committee on Public
Expenditures, and make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHUBS. I move that the preamble and
resolution be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The preamble and resolution are as follows :
Whereas on the 9th of May, 1870, tbo constitutional
convention m session atSpriiigfielil, Illinois, adopted
a resolution ni lollows, to wit:
"Jieiulved, Tliatwe, the representatives of the poo-
pic <>i iihnoi.o, m constitutional convention assem-
bled, do hereby recommend to our Representatives
in the Congress of the United States and request of
thein that they labor to secure the removal of the
v'tllev •" Clipital i() some p01Dt in the Mississippi
The secretary of this convention is instructed to
forvvaid a copy of this resolution to cacii member of
Congress from this State: Therefore,
Jsc: if resolved. That the coinmittoo on public ex-
penditure be directed to inquire into the ospedioncy
ot reporting a bill for the capital removal, and ap-
pointing a joint committee of five members from
tho houso and two irom the senate to solcct a site for
future location, and that they have tho right to
report at any tune.
DONATION Off CONDEMNED CANNON.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 330)
donating condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monument at Jersey City, New Jersey; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to have the
joint resolution put on its passage at this time.
It has been examined by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Logan,]
una has his approval.
'I ho joint resolution was read. Itauthorizcs
t he Secretary ot War to issue eight condemned
brass cannon, to be used in the erection of a
monument in Jersey City, New Jersey, in
memory of the officers and men from Jersey
City who lost their lives in the late war.
1 he joint resolution was ordered to be
engiosseu and lead a third time j and b&in°"
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CLEVELAND moved to reconsider the
vote by wluch the joint resolution was passed:
find also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Ttie latter motion was agreed to.
ASYLUM roil DISABLED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. EARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the facts, and report to
this House in relation to the amount of money drawn
from the Treasury for or on account of tho National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, on what
account, from what fund, in pursuance of what act
or acts, and by whom said moneys have been drawn,
now the samo liavo been expended, whether any
and what reports are made or vouchers given of such
expenditures; and said committee may compel the
attendance of witnesses and examine them under
oath, and may report by bill or otherwise at any
time.
Mr. EARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
coal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to report from the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means a bill to relieve
coal from all taxation, and for other purposes.
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 beg also to state that
my colleague on the committee from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoover] desires to make a minor-
ity report.
Mr. LAFLIN. I must object to the intro-
duction of the bill while my colleague, [Mr.
Waiid,] on whose resolution the question was
referred to the committee, is absent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York had a right to object yesterday, but he
has no right to object now.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the bvll must have its first con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. i intend to move that it
be committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
present the report of tho minority of the com-
mittee, and desire that, with the report of the
majority, it be printed and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WARD. I have justentered the House,
and desire to know what is the question ?
IheSPEAKER. It is the bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means in relation
to the duty on coal. It will be read by the
Clerk. J
Mr. WARD. I reserve the right to make
objection until I hear it read.
Tho SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
report of the majority, and of the minority.
The Clerk read the bill reported by the ma-
jority of the Committee of Ways and Means,
entitled "An act (H. II. No. 2210) to relieve
coal from all taxation, and for other purposes.'1
The bill provides that from andafter Decem-
ber 31, 18/0, there shall not be collected any
duty whatever upon any coal imported into the
united States. It also provides that no inter-
nal revenue stamp shall be required upon any
receipt, manifest, charter-party, conveyance, '
lease,. contract, or other instrument of which
coal forms the exclusivo subject or considera-
tion, or the subject or consideration of chief
value. In estimating the gross receipts of fer-
ries or bridges for the purpose of taxation, no
enumeration is to be made of receipts for trans-
portation, conveyance, or passage of coal. No
special tax is to be imposed upon any vehicle
or vessel employed exclusively or chiefly in
carrying coal by land or water. No tonnage
duty is to be imposed upon or exacted from ves-
sels engaged exclusively or chiefly in the trans-
portation of coal. In estimating the amount of
sales by auctioneers or others for the purpose of
taxation, no sales of coal are to be included
In computing the income of any person for the
purposes of taxation, no profits arising from
the mining of coal or from dealing therein
are to be included • nor is any other tax to be
imposed upon coal or the traffic in the same.
Mr. RANDALL, I call for the reading of
the minority report. °
Mr. WARD. I desire to reserve the ri^ht
to object to the majority report. ° !
• I!10 SHAKER. The gentleman has the
right to reserve any objection he would be
entitled to make. The Clerk wiil read the
report of the minority of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
At tho meeting of the committee this morning, two
members being absent, the resolution instructing the
committee to report a bill abolh-hius; the duty on
coal was considered, and a majority of the commit-
tee then presen t voted in favor of the bill which lias
been reported by the gentleman from Tonnes-see.
Alter the statement made on Thursday last by the
gentleman from New York,[Mr. SV-ard.jiyho offerer!
the resolution, that his object was simply to abolish
the duty on imported coal, and believing thacitwas
so understood by the Houso, the undersigned eoulii
not agree with the majority of the committee then
present, and therefore report tho bill which accom-
panies this as a substitute for tho hill just reported
by tile gentleman from Tennessee.
If all the members of the committee had been
present the form of this bill now reported would
have been adopted by a majority of tho committee,
including thochairman, [Mr. SCHEyoxJexnopt, per-
haps, iu regard to tho time for the bill to take effect.
S. HOOPER,
WILLIAM B. ALLIriON,
JAMES BROOKS,
S. S. MARSHALL.
A bill to abolish the duty on imported coal.
Be it cnacled, &n.. That on and after the 1st day
of September, 1871', bituminous and other coal im-
ported into the United States shall bo admitted free
of duty.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the reception of
the minority report. I believe it cannot be
presented without unanimous consent.
Mr. WARD. I desire to move that the report
of the majority of the committee be recom-
mitted, because it is not iu accordance with
the instructions of the House contained in thti
resolution I had the honor to submit. I appre-
hend that my motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. It wiil be in order if the
House should refuse to adopt the motion made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mat-
xakd,] to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole. It is the right of the Committee
ot Ways and Means to report at any time for
reference to the Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union. The gentleman from
Tennessee, in reporting the bill, moved that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Should the House negative that motion the
Chair will recognize the gentleman from New
lork [Mr. \\ akdJ to make the motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, is H
not in tho power of the House to adopt the
report of the minority instead of that of the
majority?
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
O' tne House, if there be objection, to con-
sider either at this time. The rules require
that tax and tariff bills must receive their first
consideration, in Committee of the Whole.
When the subject shall be considered it will of
course be within the power of a majority of
he House to shape or mold the measure as
tuey may please.
Mr. COX. Is this matter up for consider-
ationnow?
.^'le SPEAKER. It is not because tho Com-
mittee ot \\ ays and Means reports for refe--
ence.
Mr. WARD. If it be in order. I would Iik~
to hear a statement from the chairman of tho
ihe SI EAKER. It would be iu order by
unanimous consent. 7
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
mittee ^ right of Ule Com"
mittee of Ways and Means to report at any
it'thVM1! ?Fence>. and d°es not carrv with
commit ? dlS0USSioa- They are a privileged
to ft l0-(l:eP°r' f as y timo for reference
do  1 "t8e °f- th1 Whole 5 and W
made to deSatt1" y ^ if °bjeCti°n be -
arv^inmld^T * s,re io make aparliamenc-
mitfpi! 'n ii r<n ?r to 'lave litis bill recom-
fo " . ' , ® ■CoTUUee of Means,
SO a, l0 require that committee to carry out
the lWa<a v°te be
i t taken on (he motion to commit this bill
