5414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
form it has heretofore assumed, in any rea-
sonable form it is likely to assume, although
it contains some things I am opposed to, pro-
vided that in the main it accomplishes the great
object of relieving the people of the burden of
millions upon millions of their taxes.
Mr. COX. Will the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means allow me to ask him
a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. COX. I am disposed to vote fof a com-
mittee of conference if he answers the question
satisfactorily. This House, as the gentleman
knows, has pronounced in favor of taking off
fifty per cent, of the present tariff on salt and
all ihe tariff on coal. Now, can there be a
committee of conference raised that will repre-
sent the views of the House on (hat subject?
No committee of conference would be a just
representative of the views of this House on
these matters unless it sustained the views
expressed by the House in reference to these
two prime articles of necessity.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly; I understand the
gentleman. During our late terrible rebellion
there was a class of people in this country who
were always for putting down the rebellion, but
they never could find any constitutional way
of doing it; therefore they never did anything
in the way of putting it down. And just the
same course of action is illustrated by some
legislation which is proposed. There are peo-
ple who profess to be iu favor of reducing the
great burden of taxes, but then there is always
some little difficulty that intervenes, some one
item about which they cannot agree ; there-
fore they go against the wholeratlier than give
up that item. Now, I do not belong to that
impracticable class on either side of the House.
I am in favor of taking the most and the best
that I can get, so long as it tends toward the
great object to be accomplished. I am not for
shutting my eyes to the light of the sun, and
refusing to bask in its beams because it may
have a spot upon it. The very remarks made
by gentlemen on the other side prove what I
say. They want us to report concurrence in
some, amendments and non-concurrence in
others, or to open up the question of concur-
rence, which of course always involves the ques-
tion of amending the different amendments to
be concurred iu or non-concurred in, in order
thai they may renew the whole question of dis-
pute about the details of tariff and of taxes.
Now, 1 repeat, that whatever others may
think about this matter, it is a conclusion to
which I cannot prevent myself from coming
by any consideration I have been able to give
to this subject, that if we should open up this
broad field it will be at the very great risk, if
not the positive certainty, of having no reduc-
tion at all of taxes this year. Therefore it is,
that although.I would prefer to discuss iu the
House every one of these subjects in all their
details and in their general character, if there
were time and opportunity for doing so,
although I concur in somethings that have been
said in relation to the disadvantage of settling
important questions or details of important
questions in committees of conference, it is best
to yield to the less evil rather than to encoun-
ter and subject ourselves to the greater.
1 would further say that if you open up the
question you bring into the dispute between
the Senate and the House independent prop-
ositions which in no way now connect them-
selves with the questions between the House
and the Senate. For instance, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Coxj has alluded to his
desire to discuss certain questions of amend-
ment to the tariff and tax laws, which ques-
tions relate to subjects that are not now
beiore the House either by its own original
bill, or by the amendments of the Senate to
that bill, and which cannot, therefore, as the
subject of disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
go before a committee of conference. And so
the gentleman simply wants to go to sea, to float
out upon the broad ocean of debate and dis-
pute and difference of opinion upon these sub-
jects, to be brought now in question, when
they will not be in question at all if the prop-
osition that I have made shall prevail. And
now I call the previous question in order to test
the sense of the House upon the matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league [Mr. Schenck] permit me to ask him
a question before he calls the previous ques-
tion?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to know
of the gentleman whether, if a committee of
conference is ordered on this bill, the question
of the income tax will go into the conference;
or is that matter now adjudicated ?
Mr. SCHENCK. On that matter there is an
open question, which does not amount to a
great deal, between the two Houses, the Sen-
ate having reduced the rate of the tax from
three per cent, to two and one half per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the question
so far open that the committee of conference
might drop the income tax altogether ? Would
the conference committee have the right to do
that ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not believe in the
right of a committee of conference to take such
action.
Mr. COX. But committees of conference
always do assume such power.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire that wo
shall have an opportunity to strike out the
income tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen can open up
this matter if they choose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire an opportunity
to move concurrence in the amendments of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be seconded the question will be on concurrence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendments as a whole?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
concurrence in the Senate amendments as a
whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Cannot a sepa-
rate vote be demanded on any of the amend-
ments ?
The SPEAKER. As a matter of course, a
separate vote can be had on any amendment,
unless the rules be suspended to order other-
wise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules, in order to concur in all the Senate amend-
ments.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for a separate vote
on the firstamendment of the Senate. I hope
the House will concur in that amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Striko out all after tho enacting clause, down to
and including scction thirty-foux-, and insert in lieu
thereof tho following:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870, the
taxes imposed by the internal revenue laws, now in
force, herein specilicd, be, and tho same are hereby,
repealed, namely: on articles in schedule A; the
special tax on boats, barges, and flats; on legacies
and successions; on passports; and on grossreceipts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of May, 1S71, the special taxes imposed
by the seventy-ninth section of tho act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved Juno SO, 1861, as amended
by section nine of the internal revenue act, approved
July 13,1SG6, and as amended by section two of the
internal revenue act approved March 2,1867, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed; but this act shall not
be held to repeal or in any way affect the special tax
on brewers imposed by said section, or the special
taxes imposed by tho act approved July 20, 1863,
entitled " An act imposing taxes on distilled spiiits
and tobacco, and for other purposes," or the acts
amendatory thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That on and after
the 1st day of October, 1870, the several taxes on sales
imposed by the internal revenue laws now in force,
saving and excepting such taxes oil sales as are by
existing law paid by stamps, and the taxes on sales
ot leaf toSjacco, manufactured tobacco, snuff, cigars,
foreign and domestic distilled spirit,, and wines,
imposed by said act, approved July 20,1868, and acts
amendatory thereof, be, and tho same are hereby,
re§io. 4. 'And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of October, 1870, the stamp tax imposed
in schedule B, on promissory notes for a less sum
than $100, and on receipts tor any sum of money, or
for the payment of any debt, and tho stamp tax im-
posed in schedule C, on canned and preserved fish,
be, and thesame are hereby, repealed. Anduost.imp
shall bo required upon tho transfer or assignment oi
a mortgage, where it, or the instrument it secures,
has been once duly stamped. And the proprietor or
proprietors of articles named in said schedule O, who
shall furnish his or their own die or design for stamps
to be used especially for bis or their own proprietary
articles, shall be allowed the following- commissions,
namely: on amounts purchased at one time oi not
less than fifty dollars nor more than $500, fivo per
cent.; and on amounts of $500, ten per cent, on tho
whole amount purchased: Provided, That lucifer or
friction matches, and cigar lights* and wax tapers,
may be removed from the place of manufacture for
export to a foreign country without payment of tax,
or affixing stamps thereto, under such rules and reg-
ulations as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may prescribe; and all provisions of existing laws
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Sec. 5. And be-it further enacted, That section one
hundred and fifty-eight of the act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes." approved June 30,1834, as amended
by section nine of the internal revenue act. approved
July 13,1866, be, and is hereby, amended by striking
out the words "fifty dollars" in the second proviso,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "double
the amount of tax remaining unpaid, but in no ease
less than five dollarsalso, by striking out the word
"sixty-six," in the third proviso, and inserting in
lieu thereof the word " seventy-onealso, by strik-
ing out the word " sixty-seven " in the last proviso,
and inserting in lieu thereof tho word " seventy-
two.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am somewhat surprised
at the ruling of the Chair on this question. I
thought the vote would be taken on the motion
made by me, on behalf of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the House non-concur
in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That motion is never put.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of non-concurring in the
Senate amendments as a whole.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the question is
put on that motion I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. If the motion be not agreed to,
can we then make a motion to concur in the
first amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the rules be not sus-
pended the Chair will submit the question in
this form : "Will the House concur?" Those
desiring to non-concur will vote in the negative.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Sciience. to suspend the rules to non-con-
cur in the Senate amendments, there were—
ayes 63, noes 60.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion was'not agreed to.
The question being taken on concurring in
the first amendment of the Senate, it was not
concurred in ; there being—ayes twenty-eight,
noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. On every amendment ou
which a separate vote is not demanded non-
concurrence will be considered as ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How is that? I
thought it was the other way.
The SPEAKER. On this subject the Chair
takes the indication of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a
separate vote on the amendments of the Senate
in reference to the income tax.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "annually"' insert "during the
years 1871 and 1872, and no longer;" so itwili read:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied
and collectcd annually during the years 1871 and
1S72, and no longer, &c.
# After the words " a tax of" strike out " three" and
insert "two and a half;" so it will read, "a tax of
two and a half per cent, "upon the gains, profits,
and income of every person residing in the United
States/' &c.
So the paragraph will then read;
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied
and collectcd annually during tho years 1871 and 1>.~2,
and no longer, a tax of two and one half per cent,
upon the gains, profits, and income of every person
residing m the United State?, and of every citizen
ox the i nited States residing abroad, douved from
any source whatever, whethvi within or without iho
United states, except as hcr'eaKfer provided, and a
like tax annually upon the gains, protits, and income
