2582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. CONKLING. It makes it prospective,
and not retrospective also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator frem
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I agreed with the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to pair off with
him on the main question. On the passage of
the joint resolution, if he were here, he would
vote "yea," and I should vote "nay." Under
these circumstances I decline to vote in his
absence on this particular form of the ques-
tion.
Mr. VICKERS. The junior Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Norton] is too much indis-
posed to attend the Senate to-day, and I agreed
to pair off with him. I am opposed to the
original joint resolution, and he is iu favor of
it. I therefore decline to vote on any of the
questions that may arise during the pendency
of the joint resolution.
Mr. WARNER. Iam paired on the main
proposition with the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fenton.] If he were present he would
vote for the joint resolution, and I should vote
against it. I therefore decline to vote on these
preliminary questions.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 9 ; as follows:
Y14AS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler. Colo,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan, fowler, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Toxas, Hamlin, Howard, Kel-
logsr, McDonald, Mm-rill nf Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomorov, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Ntewnrt, Suinner, Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, and
Wilson—HO.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Ilarlan,
Ilowell..Johnston, McCreery, I'ool.and Thurmnn—9.
A15rtJ3NX—Messrs. Abbott, Boremjn, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Cat,tell, Drako,
Edmunds. Fonton, Ferry. Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norton, Pratt,Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury.Sohurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencor, Sprague. Stockton, Thayer,
Vickers, Warner, Willey, and Xatos—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The question now recurs
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
vote it down.
Mr. POMEROY. Ifthatamendmentshould
not be concurred in 1 have an amendment to
propose which I think will make the resolution
just and fair ; but it is not in order to offer it
os an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. HOWELL. Let
us hear it.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment which
I shall offer relates to making up these defi-
ciencies. It says that the company may make
them up to the amount of the lands that have
been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by
homestead settlers, or preempted, or other-
wise disposed of since the passage of the act
of July 2, 1804.
Mr. HOWARD. That amendment, iflun-
derstand it, the Senator intends shall come in
after the word "branch" in lino thirty.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us vote on the other
amendment first, and then I shall have no
objection to the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. It keeps the grant just as
large as it was. but does not increase it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Casserlv, Cragin,
Davis, Fowler, Harlan, Howell, Johnston. McCreery,
Pool, Stockton, Thunnun, 'Hi'to a, and "Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Drake, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Toxas, Hamlin, Howard, Howe, Kellogg. McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Stewart, Sumnor, Trumbull,
and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow.
Bttokingtiam, Caraoron, Carpenter, Cattell, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Maryland, Hur-
ris. Lewis Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sehurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Vickers,
Warner, Willey, and Yates—31.
So the amendment, as amended, waa rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, in order to remove
an alleged ambiguity in the resolution, I move
to strike out in line ten, page 1, the words ;
And when so filed shall bo deemed to bo a good
and sufficient conveyance of all tbo rights and prop
erty of said oompany as tlieroiu expressed,
and to insert instead of those words these :
Which filing and recordingsliall betloomed notioo
of tho existenoe of said mortgage.
This is merely to remove an ambiguity and
to leave the mortgage stand like auy other
mortgage. I take it there can be no objection
to this amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to explain what object he proposes
to accomplish by this amendment, considering
that the previous words seem to be synonymous
in legal effect with what ho proposes to insert ?
The previous language is :
And as proof and notioo of its legal execution and
effectual delivery, said mortgago shall be filed and
rocorded in the office of tlio Seoretary of tho Inte-
rior.
Mr. HOWARD. I make this motion in
order, as I said before, to remove an ambi-
guity alleged by the Senator from Iowa to exist
in the wording of the joint resolution. My pur-
pose is simply to have the mortgage executed
and placed on file with the Secretary of tho
Interior, as notice to the whole world of the
existence of tho mortgage,without undertaking
to say what shall be the effect of the mortgage.
The amendment is rather formal than other-
wise.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think when the chair-
man of the Pacific Railroad Committee, a law-
yer of eminence and experience, offers an
amendment and declines to state what the legal
effect of it is it naturally suggests inquiry as to
whether it has any effect, and if so, what.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not undertake to
state the legal effect of the words which are to
be stricken out; but my purpose in moving the
amendment was to remove an alleged ambiguity
in the language, as stated by tho Senator from
Iowa the other day.
Mr. CASSERLY. My view is that the lan-
guage which the Senator now proposes to strike
out is extremely objectionable, because it cer-
tainly makes possible, to say the least, a ques-
tion whether or not Congress, which has the
disposing power over these lands, does not by
providing that tho mortgage " shall be deemed
to bo a good and sufficient conveyance of all
the rights and property of said company as
therein expressed," virtually enact that what-
ever that mortgage shall express to be the
rights and property of the company shall be
deemed to pass by that mortgage. The objec-
tion, therefore, which was made by the Senator
from Iowa to that passage in the joint resolu-
tion, it struck me at the time was extremely
well taken ; and, indeed, it had been the sub-
ject of very general remark about the Cham-
ber before that, in reference to its extraordinary
looseness and peculiarity of expression. Now,
it seems to me that the true way to get rid of
any objection to that is to strike it out alto-
gether, without inserting anything in its place,
and least of all what the Senator from Michigan
proposes to insert, because just before that is
the language:
And, as proof and notice of its logal cxocution
and effectual delivery, said mortgage shall be filed
and recorded in the office ot'tho Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, he and I differ as to the effect of the lan-
guage which I propose to strike out. I do not
think it has the effect which he imputes to it
at all; but in order to expedite our final action
on this resolution, I will modify my amendment
so as to meet the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from California, and simply strike out
those words without inserting anything.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan as modified, to strike out the words
which have been read, without substituting any
others in their place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee suggested
some other amendments to this resolution. I
do not know whether the Senate have passed
upon those other amendments or not. I will
inquire of the Chair whether they have done so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that all the amendments of the com-
mittee have been agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I suggest another
amendment: to strike out in line sixteen the
words "its western terminus," and insert
| "some point on Puget sound," so as to make
it absolutely certain where the line is to term-
inate ; and that is the language of the charter
itself. Thus no ambiguity will be left, and no
ground of discussion as to where the western
terminus is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is right; that ought
to be dono.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is some difficulty
in the joint resolution as proposed in reference
to this whole subject which might as well be
cleared up now, because upon the clearing of
that will depend somewhat, I think, the pro-
priety of this amendment. As I remember
the original act, it provides that the Northern
Pacific railroad may have a terminus on Puget
sound, and it may also have a terminus at
Portland.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; the Senator is
mistaken about that.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no point made
on the word " terminus," is there? Is there
not a provision for a branch to Portland ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir ; there is no point
on that word. But the language of the charter
requires it to terminate at some place on Puget
sound, and I wish to preserve the language of
tjlio ohftrfctir
Mr. CASSERLY. I have the charter here.
My recollection is that it provides that it shall
depart from a certain line of route at a point
not further east from Portland than three hun-
dred miles.
Mr. HOWARD. It has a branch to Port-
land.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether with this
amendment which he now proposes, taken to-
gether with the general language of the reso-
lution, the effect is, or is not, to invest this
company with authority to make a direct road
from its terminus on Puget sound to Portland ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator recollects
the legislation upon the subject, he will remem-
ber that at the last session of Congress we author-
ized this company to construct a line directly
fromPortland toPugetsound. Thatisabranch
of the road; but tha terminus of the Northern
Pacific railroad proper is at some point on
Puget sound.
Mr. THURMAN. The point at which my
friend from California is aiming is well enough
taken. It is this 
Mr. CASSERLY. If my friend from Ohio
will permit me, I have the language of the act
now. This is the provision in the act of 1861
describing the route-:
" On a line north of the forty-fifth degree of lati-
tude to some point on Puget sound, with a branch
via the valley of tho Columbia river, to a point at or
near Portland, in the State of Oregon, leaving tha
main trunk line at the most suitable place, not more
than three hundred miles fromits western terminus."
That is what I stated, at a point not more
than three hundred miles east of the western
terminus. JTow, J understand the Senator
