326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
with every condition of the law, and I cannot
see -what excuse Congress has for refusing to
receive them now. We have declared that we
would admit them.
It has been suggested that Virginia may do
as Tennessee has done, or as Georgia has done,
and violate faith. Because we fear that they
will break faith is that any reason we shall set
them the example ? Shall we violate the faith
of the Government when we pledged that on
performing these acts which have been per-
formed they should be received ? Let me say
to my friend from Massachusetts that it is ex-
tremely dangerous for us to break faith with
this people now—extremely dangerous to the
cause. We have the pledge of the State; we
have the pledge of the great body of the people
to enforce equal rights and protect all men;
and I am disposed to take that pledge. There
may be some way of finding a remedy if they
should break it; but if we break our faith now
that will he an excuse for them to break theirs.
I for one, when I participated in the passage of
these laws, desired that the people of Virginia
and every other State should comply with them;
and if the Democrats, if the rebels do it, it is
gratifying to me. It reenforces those who
desire exact and equal justice; it strengthens
the Government; and if the Democrats have
agreed to protect all men in their rights, have
ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments, have gone before the country with this
pledge upon their banner, guarantying equal
rights and favoring the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments, is it right for us to keep them
out? Are wo to say that we will not receive
them now? Does anybody doubt that they
would bo received if they were Republicans ?
Suppose the Republicans had carried the State
and done the same things, does anybody doubt
Iliat they would have been received at once?
We have a right to see that every State has a
republican form of government; but we have
no right to legislate to make them belong to
the Republican party as such. Here is a State
that has done all that we required. They may
deceive us, but if they do it will be worse for
i hem. But we cannot afford to deceive them.
We caiuiot afford to promise to let them in and
then deny or delay their admission. This bill
ought to pass at once.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
aim- from Nevada only anticipated the motion
which I intended, as the Chair knows, to sub-
mit to the Senate; but meanwhile, before the
expiration of the morning hour, I learned that
one Senator at all events, the Senator from
Massachusetts, who has introduced a bill on
this subject, found reasons of convenience and
reasons otherwise for preferring a consideration
of the present bill at a time somewhat later than
♦ his moruiug. Although 1 agree entirely that
the question of Virginia oughtto beaetedupon
and acted upon promptly, and although I may
.say I do not seo my way clear to refuse restor-
ation to Virginia as some other Senators seem
t o do, I should be quite reluctant to so vote or
to so^ act as to prevent a deliberate and fair
consideration of this question. Certainly it is
a very grave question ; and certainly we a e
admonished of' its gravity by events which have
occurred in other States ; and if there be any
reason, concerning even the convenience of
Senators, leading to its postponement for a
time, I should be quite unwilling to stand in
the way of that disposition of the bill.
Mr. President, I rose chiefly to answer a re-
mark made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts which imputed to the commit-
tee a somewhat casual mode of consideringthe
case of Virginia, and casual as compared with
that bestowed upoa Georgia, The Senator is
under the impression that in the case of Geor-
gia witnesses were called and testimony taken
by the Judiciary Committee. That wsjs not so
in the case of Georgia, nor do I think it would
be at all proper in the case of Virginia. I ihiek
I may say that the .condition of things upoft
which the Judiciary Con'mit'cc Ji.nsed it1? re-
port of the bill in the case of Virginia was
better fixed in the view of the committee;
that it was understood with more certainty;
that there was less room for misapprehension
oh the state of the case of Virginia than there
was in the case of Georgia; so that the report
comes quite as well advised, I think, in the case
of Virginia as it did in the other case. I hope,
therefore, that there will be no idea from the
remarks of the Senator that there is any reason
why the bill should return to the committee. If,
on the other hand, the Senator wishes to dis-
cuss it, and wishes to discuss as a substitute for
it his amendment, and is not ready to proceed
with that discussion now, there is a reason,
which I shall be very glad for one to assent to,
looking to a postponement, not long, of the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am obliged
to the Senator from New York for the explan-
ation which he has made in regard to the action
of the committee. In making the statement
that I did I spoke from information communi-
cated by another. I supposed that it was en-
tirely accurate. If, however, the committee
has done all that it can properly be called on
to do, that throws upon the Senate itself the
present responsibility. We must consider the
question if the committee are not to consider
it further, and how can we consider it properly
except on the evidence ?
Now, I am assured that there are resolutions
of public meetings in differentparts ofVirginia,
that there are papers, letters, communications,
all tending to throw light on the actual condi-
tion of things in that State which in the course
of a short time, of a few days at furthest, will
be presented to the Senate.
Under these circumstances, I submit most
respectfully, and without preferring any request
with reference to myself, that the measure
should be allowed to go over for a few days, per-
haps for a week, till Monday next, and that it
then should betaken up and proceeded with to
the end. My object is that when the Senate acts
on this important measure it may act wisely,
with adequate knowledge, and so that hereafter
it may have no occasion to regret its conclu-
sion. How many are there now, sir, who on
the information in our papers to-day would not
recall the vote by which Tennessee was d eclared
entitled to her place as a State ? You, sir, have
read that report signed by the Representatives
of Tennessee and byher honored Senator here,
to my right, [Mr. Brownlow.] From that
you will see the condition of things in that
State at this moment. Is there not a lesson,
sir, in that condition of things ? Does it not
teach us to be cautious before we commit this
great State of Virginia back to the hands of
the people that have swayed it in war against
the national Government? Sir, this is a great
responsibility. I am anxious that the Senate
should exercise it only after adequate knowl-
edge and inquiry. I do not believe that they
have the means at this moment of coming to a
proper determination.
Now, if the Senator from New York, who
perhaps represents the committee on this occa-
sion, who certainly is a member of the com-
mittee, would consent that the bill should go
over till next Monday I certainly then should
make no objection to its being proceeded with
to the end.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ten-
nessee will pardon me for a moment. I wish
to set the Senator from Massachusetts right.
I in no sense represent the committee on this
subject. I intended, as I observed, to make
the motion which was made by the Senator
from Nevada, and should have made it if he
had not done so; but I have no right whatever
to speak for the committee except so far as
my membership of it enables me to speak of
what was done.
Now, if the Senator from Massachusetts is
not prepared himself to proceed with the dis-
cussion of the bill there is a reason which I
shall be very glad to have for my own vote
postponing it. If, however, he puts it upon
the general ground that the Senate has not now
the light by which to proceed, then I am bound
to say that I think we shall be quite as much
in the dark practically on Monday next or any
other recent day as we are now. I think the
Senate has at its command the facts by which
and upon which to act. I think the committee
had; and I think we all have now. Therefore'
if I was wrong in supposing that the Senator
for his own convenience, because he was not
ready to proceed now, wished a postponement,
then I should find myself without the reason
on which I intended to rely in voting to post-
pone the bill. For the general reasons he
assigns, I think it may as well be considered
now.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] was recognized,
but yielded to the Senator from New York.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say but a word.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the two houses of the Virginia Legis-
lature elected at the recent election under the
proclamation of the President consist, about
two thirds of them in each house, of persons',
who cannot take the test-oath required by the
act of 1862; that about two thirds of each house
are well-known and recognized rebels who gave
aid and comfort to the rebellion; that the act of
Congress forbade the election of any such per-
son to either house of the Legislature. They
cannot take the oath truthfully, and ought not
therefore to present themselves as members of
the Legislature.
This is a point of very great importance to
me, I confess. I wish to be better informed
as to what the fact really is in regard to the
qualifications of the members of the two houses.
At present I am very poorly informed, and I
dare say the majority of this body have no
better information upon the subject than I
have. But if it be the fact that about two
thirds or more than two thirds of each house
of the Legislature is rebel, and unable to take
the oath of 1862, I think we may very propsrly
hesitate in regard to Virginia, as we have
hesitated in regard to Georgia. I wish to make
inquiry.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee was recognized, but, yielded
to the Senator from New York.
Mr. STEWART. "Will the Senator from
Tennessee yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. It may be that there are
two thirds, or perhaps even three fourths, of
the members of the Legislature who cannot
take the test-oath. If there are that number,
and you now impose the requirement of the
test-oath, it is obvious that you destroy the
Legislature entirely. If Congress makes a
Legislature by putting the minority party in
power, of course it will go out of power at the
first election ; and then who will be in power?
Those unrepentant rebels you speak of, who
have opposed this Government—-the extrem-
ists. You have the pledge of those now in
power that they will execute this Constitution
in good faith.
The amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to require the enforcement
of the test-oath. That matter was considered,
and it seems to me that we are concluded upon
it if we are upon anything. In the case of
Georgia it was complained that the test-oath
was not administered. The Committee on the
Judiciary examined the question and found
that our leading generals and members of both
Houses had given the opinion that the test-oath
was^not to be administered to members of the
Legislature, and we had to put the consider
ation of Georgia upon different grounds. The
same question came up in Virginia; and in
order that the Senate may be informed how
