1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3527
more may be required. The change ia the
tonnage dues it is estimated willeuable us to
pay a bounty 011 steamers crossing the ocean
of four dollars per ton, without drawing any
money from the Treasury; and the right to a
drawback on foreign materials going into a ship, ;
according to the class of vessel, will, in point of j |
fact, take no money from the Treasury, as little jl
or no foreign material now goes into an Amer- j [
ican ship, for we build no suoh ships. Should jj
parties elect to use American material in place li
of foreign, then a bounty on this class of iron
ships equal to the duty is to be allowed. |
This provision giving a bounty I do not feel j
that I can support except to a limited extent. ;
While the committee is hopeful that the en-
couragement we hold out will revive our ship- j
ping interest and put our ship-builders at work, '
it may be that something more must be done
or we shall be left for an indefinite period
without an American steamship crossing the
ooean. To build up such lines both England
and France have been compelled to grant
large subsidies. I call attention to this fact,
that no steamer now crosses the Ocean under
the American flag, and we occupy the humil- ,
iating position of being entirely dependent on
Great Britain for the carrying of our own mails.
How different has been the policy of Great i
Britain, and how have results vindicated that
policy 1
The question of granting subsidies, whether
wise or unwise, is notlikely to be received with
public favor. Gould Government aid be ex-
tended to a moderate degree to able, liberal,
and patriotic parties, who would be actuated
by a generous public spirit to see our foreign
commercial marine built up, and would put in
their own money without expecting enormous
profits, there would doubtless be a disposition
to grant such aid to such persons to a limited
extent, the Government expecting to be fully
remunerated in the transportation of her mails
and in having a class of ships always in readi- i
ness toconvert into swift cruisers in case of war. j
But all the indications are that the race of I
men once denominated "merchant princes" :
is well-nigh at au end. Most of the men now- J
a-days who come to Washington asking favors
go upon the principle of getting all they can
out of Uncle Sam andgivingthe least possible
service in- return.
The moment you talk about encouraging
responsible men to establish lines the city
swarms with confidence men, each of whom
has his particular pet scheme for depleting the ;
Government Treasury. I see that the papers
say that this.committee is going to report any
amount of subsidies to new lines. 1 serve
notice on the entire lobby that thpy had better
go home and go to work. They are fooling
away time here. I am satisfied that any proper
subsidy bill cannot pass. No bill for new lines
that has not a big job in it can pass, and cer-
tainly none that has a job in it will ever be
reported by this committee.
I acknowledge the force of many of the argu-
ments in favor of purchasing foreign-builtships,
and 1 do not deny that my opposition is some-
what of feeling, and that it is difficult to forget
John Bull's meanness during our late war.
But were it otherwise, iand had England been
our friend instead of our enemy, I should regard
that an unwise policy that would make us de-
pendentonherforourghips. Put our ship-build-
ers as near as may beon an equality with foreign
builders by giving them their materials free of
daty, and to builders of iron steamships of two
thousand tons and upward for the foreign'trade
allow the bounty provided by this bill, but
nothing more. Our coas'ing and internal com-
merce is now a monopoly, free from foreign
interference, and needs no protection; To the
persons who will sail our ships give the right
lo hold in bond the necessary supplies. With
these ad vantages many of our iron ship-builders
say that they will ask no more.
By liberal legislation and heavy subsidies
England has established lines all over the
worid, and all the channels of foreign trade
are now in her possession, and her naval power
has been quadrupled thereby. Shall this con-
tinue, or shall we put forth the necessary means
to enable us to regain our former position on
the ocean ? I have already reminded you of
the fact that we have not now a single steamer (
crossing the ocean. We all were painfully
reminded of this fact a very short time ago by j
the Ounard and Inm&n lines of steamers refus- j
ing longer to carry our mails unless on their
own terms, and our mails are now being car-
ried under a temporary arrangement that may :
be terminated at any time. j;
This should not be, and it is a disgrace to j
this great nation that it is allowed to continue j
for a day. Can it be avoided Without too great j j
cost? Bear in mind this fact, that Great Brit- j
aid has one hundred and sixty-four lines of j|
steamships leaving her ports for foreign coun- ;;
tries. Some of the lines have a great number |i
of first-class iron ships, the Cunard line having j
twenty-four, the Inman sixteen, and the Penin- i
sularand Oriental fifty-seven. She pays every j
year in subsidies to her mail lines over five and
a half million dollars, about two millions being
to lines connecting with this continent. The i
result of her policy has been to give her nearly ,
two thousand swift iron ships, many of first i
class, that may at any moment be taken by the
Government and converted into war Bhips, and
she has thus more than quadrupled the effect-
ive force of her navy. How efficient this class
of vessels would be may be judged from the
fact that one of them, the Bombay, but the
other day ran down one of our war ships, the
Oneida, as if she was no more than a Chinese
junk, and passed on her way unharmed and
! just as though nothing had happened. We
\ are spending twenty million dollars and up-
i ward a year upon our Navy, and in the last
i nine years our total naval expenditures have
reached about five hundred millions, and what
j have we to show for it? Nothing, absolutely
I nothing. ;
i Admiral Porter, who appeared before our
I committee, gave testimony in regard to com- .
I mercial ships for war purposes of the most im- \
| portant character. His opinions are entitled !
I to great consideration. They are so clear and j
forcible that I beg the indulgence of the House
I while I read from his testimony. In answer to |
! interrogatories he said:
1 "If the United States possessed the steamships ply -
ing between New York and Europe the Government
would hare a better Navy than it ever had. There i
was not a ship in the American Navy that could
compare with the best ships ou the English and
French lines in point of speed, stability, or tor carry-
ing guns. The" ship that would carry merchandise
would carry guns. All those vessels could be fitted
with masts in a very short time and rigged com-
pletely. They could keep the ocean three y ears with-
out burning a pound of coal. This remark applied
to the European serew-ships, of which he thought
there were now sixty-five engaged in the New York .
trade, while the United States had not one. ;•
" The Chai-bhan. I understand you to say that a
class of vessels can he built for commercial purposes
that can be reach!y converted into vessels of war ?
"Admiral Pobter. Yes, sir; nearly,every ship that
was used during the war was a merchant ship. He
went on to say that this diversion of the trade wivs
driving from the American service all its naval engi-
neers. 'l'he foreign vessels were all run by foreign
engineers; there wera not many American engineers
on board of them. • . ,,
" When the rebellion broke out, all the American
ships that were engaged in the European trade got
such heavy profits from the Government that t;3oy
werpat once absorbed in the Navy., .If_th 'Umted
States had possessed half the number of steamships
now engaged in the European trade with New York
ho did not think that the rebels would ever have got
a bale of cotton from a southern port, and that th®
rebels would have had to submit long before they
did. The American Narvy- at present Was made up
of tugs and old converted ships. It possessed ten or
twelve or fourteen vessels that were planned to suit
Isherwood's machinery, and at a cost which nobody
knew. There has been $480,000,000 expended by the
N avy during the war. and he tho ught that8280,00l),000
of that sum bad been expended in the steam depart-
ment, yet the Navy ha  not much to show for it.
Those ships, designed and built for Iaherwood, wero
lying in navy-yards entirely useless. _ Iqe Depart-
ment was trying to convert one of them into some-
thing, h^t it did not know whether it woulfj succeed
ornot. It had been found neoessary to take out
half of her engines to make room for the people to
live on board of her, and for the coal necessary to
be carried. She was so filled with maohinery and
boilers that there was no place in her to carry coal
or men. Ho referred to the Wampanoag. When
that vessel wont on the trial trip and came back into
Sort sha had to send her crew on board the New
[ampshire, receiving ship, because she had no place
to put them. There were twelve or fourteen of those
vessels in the Navy, and they were practically of no
use. The Navy also possessed about thirty tugs, the
largest of them about three hundred and fifty tons.
Two of them had been sent to sea the other day to
take eare of the iron-clad Diotator, going to Key
West, and they had got into a gale ot wind, and she
had to take eare of them; and those were two of the
bestof them. Then the Navy had also a lot of little
vessels, not inaptly described as canal-boats—vessels
of five hundred tons. He believed that thirty ships
such as the Pereire, on the French line, would mako
a better Navy than the United States possessed to-
day. There were a great many iron-clads on the
Navy list, but twenty-six of them had been con-
demned as being unfit for anything except for old
iron, and no one would buy them tor that. There
were about thirty good vessels in the Navy alto-
gether, fit for war purposes, and these were wooden
vessels, and about ten monitors.
" The Chairman. I understand you to say that if
we had, at the commencement of our late war, thirty
such vessels as yon speak of, the best European
steamers, they would have been as efficient as was
our entire Navy?
Admiral Porter. Twice as efficient. I say that
without any hesitation. Theships that we had could
oatch nothing. We never had a vessel that could run
down a blockade-runner during the whole war ex-
cept the Vanderbilt and two others. Whenever we
caught blockaders it was either with one of those
last tugs, vessels of fifty or sixty tons, or by the ma-
chinery of the blockade-runner breaking down, or
by her getting into a fog and being surrounded by
four or five of our vessels, when she would surrender
rather than be fired at. I do not think that daring
the war we caught thirty vessels by fair running;
that I am quite satisfied of. Any one of those vessels
on the European lines can run away from anything
we have got in our Navy, and can run them out of
sight in seven hours; and that is not saying a great
deal. The iron-clads that we have are for home de-
| fense. They cannot go to sea. Wesend them to sea
now and again because we hare nothing else to send,
! but they all require two or three vessels to go with
them in ease they should break down or get out of
coal. They are, therefore, of no use, except for har-
I bor defense. In case of war with a foreign nation,
such as Great Britain or France, our great power
i would be in cutting up their commerce. Great
Britain could not stand a war six months with a fleet
i of vessels that we would send out after her commorce.
! They would break her up root and branch, and that
kind of warfare would be more apt to bring about
peace than fighting with iron-oladi or heavy war
j vessels. The Alabama and another confederate ve«->
sel destroyed one hundred and eighty-six American .
i vessels, amounting, I think, with cargoes, to about
I seventy million dollars. Now, if two vessels could do
j that, imagine what two hundred could do. I think
S that one screw propeller which would use sail power,
and when necessary put on steam, to chase or to be
' chased, would do more harm to a foreign enemy than
all our iron-clads put together. I think that Great
Britain has about three thousand steamships alto-
gether, and I suppose that there must be at least
three hundred of them subsidized.
"Mr. Calkin. You spoke about th« decrease .of
American engineers; how is it in regard to eaptaina
and officers in the mercantile marine? _
"Admiral Porteb. They would constitute a force
which we would be very glad to draw upon in case
of emergency, as we did in the last war, . Our naval
force is very small, a mere nucleus. Every naval
officer in time of war becomes an instructor. I hut
was part of his occupation in the last war. Most ol
our officers were volunteers from the merchant ser-
vice- hardy, brave fellows, but without education as
to the duties of vessels of war, which it requires a
pretty long time to learn. But in a war with a for-
eign nation we could not ha1, e a better class of men
for the purpose of sending home prizes, or doing
other subordinate duty. I am sorry to say, however,
that the best class of men in our mercantile marine
are fast disappearing. When we had sailing vessels
across the Atlantic our packets were the most supe-
rior vessels in the world, ard I do not think that
even the best naval officers w3re better men than the
captains of those ships. Thev were the best class of
merchant seamen in the wor d. J?bey are all disap-
pearing. There is no field f ir them. Ihey do not
command steamships, and h ive no opportunity ot
displaying what they are, or of learning anything.
I think that on that account .) t would be very advan-
tageous for us to have a bettf r system. All our good
seamen have left our service and'have gone into the
service of foreign compani es, almost losing i,neir
identity, and hardly knowin I that they havejtot a
flag. They have sailed so lov gv. ith the English, the
French, the Germans, and tht Dutch that they hardly
fraternize with their own count'ymen.
"The Chairman. What woild bo> thei effect of
going abroad to buy ships, it stead of building them
9''Admiral Pobter. Thefirsteffect wouldbe avery
big political controversy. * . ...
" The Chairman. I mean, what would be its ettect
upon the character of our mercantile marine ana oi
our Navy in time of war?
