1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
much it has been considered it may be well to
read the opinion of the Attorney General on
that particular point. The Legislature of Vir-
ginia wereinstructed by the Administration that
they might organize without taking this oath.
J|r. SUMNER. Will my friend begin by
reading the opinion of that very able lawyer,
General Canby ? I think his opinion on the
•case is a very able one and does honor to him
as a member of our profession.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. _ On that ques-
tion there is a difference of opinion. I have
not the opinion of the able lawyer, General
Canby, at hand now, but I have the opinion
of the Attorney General. It was submitted to
the Cabinet.
Mr. SUMNER. It is in the same document.
Mr. STEWART. The opinion of the Attor-
ney General was submitted to the Cabinet. They
have passed upon it. They were instructed to
do just this; they have done it; and it does
seem to me that if the Government is ever to
keep faith now is the time. What do you gain
if you enforce the test-oath and put out two
thirds or three fourths of that Legislature,
break up the whole body, and then have
another vote? What will be the result? The
men who have carried the State have carried
the fifteenth amendment and propose to aid us
in the work of reconstruction; but they will be
trampled under foot and the extreme rebels
come into power. That will be the practical
effect.
I do not believe in legislating unless I see
some practical good to be effected by it. Sup-
pose you legislate the minority party in Vir-
ginia into power, it will only stay there until
the next election, and then all your reconstruc-
tion will be undone. Let us secure the fifteenth
amendment; then we can secure equal suffrage
in that State at all events; we can do some-
thing then to protect the colored people there;
but if we lose this amendment what then ? If
we give up Virginia now we lose the fifteenth
amendment; if we break up the existing organ-
ization there, if we spurn these friends who have
come to us to help us to carry it out, we lose
the amendment and are set back for years.
There is no practical good in our breaking faith
in this way, and there is no reason for it. Every
consideration of justice and of party policy
concurs against such a course. Now I ask for
the reading of the opinion of the Attorney
General in regard to the test-oath, which I send
to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Attok.ney Oenekal's Office.
AilqvM. 28, I860.
Sir : I havo the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of July '11,1SG9, in which you request
my opinion 4' upon so much of the questions submit-
ted in the letter of the commanding general of the
first military district, dated the 10th instant, and
accompanying papers, copies of which are inclosed,
as refers to the legal qualifications of officers to be
elected under the proposed constitution of the State
of Virginia, and especially upon the question wh ether
persons elected to office in said State under such con-
stitution are required by the supplemental recon-
struction act of July 19,1867, to take and subscribe
to the oath prescribed or referred to in section nine
of said act before entering upon the duties of their
respective offices/' . ,
The latter question is the only one indicated with
such distinctness as to enable me to be fully satisfied
'that its purport is apprehended, and I therefore con-
fine my answer to that.
By the statute of April 10,1869, the registered voters
of Virginia were authorized to vote on the ques-
tion of the adoption of a constitution for the State,
and at the same time to elect officers under it, sub-
ject to the approval of Congress. _ The vote has been
taken in pursuance of the provisions of the act, and
the election held, and some parts of the constitution
submitted have been adopted by the people and
oihers rejected. The parts of the proposed consti-
tution thus adopted, if they shall bo approved by
Congress, will be the constitution of Virginia, under
which all its officers will be required to act; and the
Qualifications as well as the duties of those officers
"will be determined by it. When Virginia is restored
its proper relations to the cpuntry as a State ot
the Union its officers and Legislature will be such
as the constitution of the State provides, deriving
their powers from that instrument, and it will clearly
not be in the power of Congress to_ impose any re-
quirement of additional qualifications upon them
different from those which, under the Constitution
of the United States, may be required m. all the
States, If, therefore, any te^ts were to be imposed
upon members of the Legislature not provided, by
the constitution of Virginia, or any restriction im-
posed upon the people of the State m their choice oi
officers not recognized by it and not made applica-
ble under the legitimate power of Congress to all the
States, the Legislature and officers would not, in my
opinion, be the Legislature and officers of Virginia
under its constitution. I do not see that Congress
can undertake to furnish the State with a suitable
Legislature to start with or to exercise any control
over its composition which could not be exercised
over subsequent Legislatures. X am, therefore, of
opinion that the oath prescribed by the statute oi
1862 and bythestatute of July 19,1867, chapter thirty,
section nine, required to be taken by all persons
"elected or appointed to office in said military dis-
tricts under any so-called State or municipal author-
ity J' is not to be required of the officers of the State
of Virginia or members of the Legislature elected
under its new constitution. . .
It does not seem to me that the provisions of this
ninth section, which arc applicable to the government
of the State under military authority, were intended
to apply to the Legislature and officers under whom
the State is to bo restored to its proper relations to
the Union and by whom the government of the State
is to be administered after its restoration, ihis
opinion is strongly confirmed by a reference to the
second section of the same act, which authorizes the
commander of any district named in the act to
suspend or remove from office or the performance of
official duties and the exercise of official power any
officer or person holding or exercising, or professing
to hold or exercise, any civil or military office or duty
in said district under any power, election, appoint-
ment, or authority derived from or granted by, or
claimed under any so-called State orthegovernment
thereof," and to detail a competent officer or soldier
of the Army to perform such duties.
It would be impossible to suppose that Congress
could intend that a Legislature under the constitu-
tion of a State could have its members appointed by
a detail from soldiers of the Army. The only reason-
able conclusion seems to me to be that it was not
intended that any such Legislature should be allowed
to exist and act until reconstruction was completed,
except for the limited and qualified purposes requi-
site to reconstruction. .
But, on the other hand, I fully concur with the
view of the general commanding in Virginia that
under the reconstruction acts of Congress no officer
or legislator is competent or should be permitted to
exercise any of the functions or power of his office
within that State, except so far as those acts them-
selves provide, without taking the oath which is
referred to in the statute of 1867, abovequoted. The
act of April 10,1869, requires tho Legislature to meet
at a time which it designates. That it is to meet
implies that it is to come together for some purpose.
It is required undcrtho previous law to act upon the
question of adopting the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States before tho
admission of the State to representation in Congress.
1 am of opinion, therefore, that it may come together,
organize, and act upon that amendment; but that
until Congress shall nave approved the constitution
and the action under it, and shall have restored tho
State to its proper place in the Union by recognizing
its form of government as republican and admitting
it to representation, the Legislature is not entitled,
and could not without violation of law bo allowed
to transact any business, pass any act, or resolve, or
undertake to assume any other function of a Legis-
lature if the test-oath has not been required of its
members; and that no officer elected under the new
constitution can enter upon the duties of his office
without taking the oath while military government
continues. ^ ^
Very respectfully, E. R. IIOAR.
Attorney (xeneral.
Hon. John A. Rawlins, Secretary of War.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, if the Senator has
no objection, I should like to have General
Canby's opinion read, which will be found on
page 24 of the same document.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. And I wish my friend to
consider it as a legal document from a military
commander.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The document
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
Headquarters First Military District,
State op Virginia, June 16,1869.
Sir: I have received your communication of the
12th instant, and tho inclosed statement of reasons
why the oath of office prescribed by tho act of July 2,
1862, "should not be exacted from members of the
G-eneral Assembly and State officers to bo elected at
the same time the constitution is voted on." I havo
carefully considered these reasons, but can find in
them no grounds for changing the opinion expressed
to a member of your committee some days since, or
for reversing the action that I have heretofore taken
upon precisely the same point. In my judgment the
reasons presented in this statement do not and can-
not be made to apply to this question until the con-
stitution becomes the controlling law by reason of
its ratification by tho people of the State, and its ap-
proval by the Congress of the United States. Both
of these conditions must first be satisfied, and until
they are the laws which control the district com-
mander in the execution of the duties committed to
him cannot be superseded or modified by a law which
does not become effectiveai\ha^eyer
examined and approved by = have the effeotof
doubted that.$S^™irementsot theninthsection
dispensmsmth the requirement
of the aw of for the officers elected
in anyexercise ofsuch authority
C°m,klSkany'proper sense be an interpretation
would not in any piop wouid jje the assump-
tion™! ft power which Congress has expressly and
V°TheSpatc^fromrGonerai Srant to General
which is cited in. your statement does iiot I thmfc
with this view. Without pemg
with the circumstances under which it was given, I
have no doubt it related to ^
approval by Congress. Upon the]°A{fn '51
of June 25,1868, to admit the States olflomjoaro
lina South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida to representation in Congress, I assumed
that the approval of the State
preamble of that law dispensed witn the oath of office
prescribed by thelaws of the United States, and upon
reporting this action to the General of the Army it
was approved by him. Although the dates, March
2 and June, 1868, of the dispatches to commanders
of the sccond and third military districts arc difier-
ent the action taken appears to relate to the same
phase of the question, and to be entirely consistent.
I have delayed this answer until I could receive
copies of the dispatches above referred to; but as
they have not reached me I send it now, and. will
transmit the dispatches as soon as they are received.
I send with this, however, a copy of General Orders
No. 120, issued in the sccond military district. Xho
action taken in that case, so far as it relates to this
question, had been approved by the (jeneral ot tno
Army. , ,
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
E. lv> o. OAJN15X,
Brevet Major General TJ. S. A., commanding.
It. T. Daniel, esq., Richmond, Virginia. -
Mr. CONKLING. Do General Canby and
tlie Attorney General differ with each other on
that subject?
Mr. SUMNER. I think so.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
which, in his opinion, is right on the law of the
case, General Canby or the Attorney General?
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that, reading
over the opinion of General Canby and now
listening to it, I am impressed with its sound-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to say, Mr.
President, having doubt in my mind on the
question when I read them, the respect in
which I hold the opinions of the Attorney Gen-
eral led me to incline very strongly to his view.
Mr. STEWART. I will now ask for the
reading of a portion of the President's message
in this connection, as we are reading docu-
ments. The President is a general, and as the
opinion of one general has been read I want
to hear his opinion. I ask for the reading of
that portion of the President's message which
relates to Virginia.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"At the March term Congress by a jointresolution
authorized the Executive to order elections in the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, to submit
to them the constitutions which each had previously
in conventions framed, and submit the constitution
either entire or in separate parts to be voted upon
at the discretion of the Executive. Under this au-
thority elections were called. In Virginia the elec-
tion took place on the 6th of July, 1869. The Gov-
ernor and Lieutenant Governor elected have been
installed, rhe Legislature met and did all required
by this resolution and by all the reconstruction aet<
of Congress, and abstained from all doubtful author-
ity. f recommend thather Senators and Represent-
atives and the State be fully restored to her place in
the family of States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I confess
that, in my opinion, the view of the Attorney
General as to this test-oath is clearly right,
although of course I regret to say so in the
lace of the opinion of my honored friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who is a better
awyer than the Attorney General, and cer-
tainly a better one than 1 am. But I believe
the Attorney General is right. He is appointed
for the purpose of giving his deliberate judg-
ment upon questions of this kind, and I am
happy to offer him the humble tribute of mv
admiration in that respect. He has given
iairly and truly as a lawyer; and realiy anv
gentleman who will sit down and study tiion-
acts, no matter what he wishes—thai is on-
