1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4471
to the Committee of the Whole. Now, if the
Chair will permit me a moment, I would say
that it seems to me that this bill does not
necessarily go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
parliamentary inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. WARD. My point is tljis: that this
bill does not impose a lax of any kind, but
simply proposes to relieve an article from tax-
ation. As it does not impose a tax, I make
the point that it does not corae under the rule
requiring a first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That point has been adju-
dicated many times in the House of Represent-
atives. A bill removing a tax, equally with
one imposing a tax, must be subject to the
rule requiring a first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole, for the reason that where
a tax is removed from one article it may
be necessary to impose a tax upon another
article.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. COX. Is it not in order for me to move
to discharge the Committee of the Whole from
the further consideration of this bill, so that it
may be considered in the House?
The SPEAKER. That would require a sus-
pension of the rules, which can bo moved only
on Monday after the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is this motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to state my position in relation
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts not the
House will hear the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCTIENCK. The resolution instruct-
ing the Committee of Ways and Means on this
subject was passed on Monday of last week.
Under an appointment by the Chair, as a mem-
ber of the Board of Visitors to the Military
Academy at Yv'est Point, I was compelled to
leave the city immediately after that resolution
was passed. My desire was that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means should obey the order
of the House at the earliest practicable mo-
ment, according to the letter of the resolution
itself. With that view, it was my wish that the
committee, at its meeting held on the morning
of the 7th instant, should report a bill in con-
formity with what I understood to be the order
of the House. The order is in these terms:
"That tlie Committee of Ways and Means is hereby
instrucled, at the earliest moment practicable, to
report a biU to this House abolishing the tariff on
coal."
The resolution then proceeds with this lan-
guage:
"So as io secure that importantarticleoffuel to the
people free from all taxation."
I have regarded the latter part of that order
as simply a construction or an inference, not.
precisely sustained by the language of the
first part of the order, and in no way affecting
that which was absolutely ordered to be done.
Willi this understanding, therefore, that the
last two lines of the resolution were a little
buncombe added to the first part, which was
in the nature of an absolute order, my desire
was to at once obey that order. I prepared
in consequence a bill, and submitted it to the
Committee of Ways and Means, in these words :
Be it enacted. &c„ That from and after the Slstday
of Dccembcr, 1&70, tho following shall be added to
the number of imported articles which are novr by
law exempt from duty: .
Coal, bituminous and of every other kind.
If T had been present with the committee at
the subsequent meeting, as a matter of course
I should have supported this bill or its equiva-
lent. The subject not having been disposed
of, now that I have returned lavish it to be
understood that I concur in opinion with the
minority of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Then that makes their
report the majority report.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps il would.
Mr. CESSNA. I do not see how it does.
Mr. SCHENCK. Except that I would have
preferred, and therefore submitted the bill in
that shape originally, to put coal upon the free
list, if it was to be so placed, at the same date
with that portion of the bill relating to the
tariff which we have already passed ; that is,
to take effect on the 31st of December next.
The committee has thought proper (and I
shoxld not object to the bill on that account)
to change the date to the 80th of September.
If I had been here I should have preferred to
have the committee report back on the day
after the order of the House, being Tuesday
of last week. I should have voted for report-
ing a bill simply removing the duty on coal.
With those views, now that I am here, I de-
clare my concurrence with the views of the
minority of the committee, as being a com-
pliance with what I understood to be the order
and the intention of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask permission to say
a word.
Mr. WOOD. I must call for the question.
Mr. COX. It is trifling with the House to
make any such report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am sorry to incur the
displeasure of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 wish
to ask if the motion to recommit will carry the
minority report?
The SPEAKER. The minority report was
objected to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Dickez.]
The question was taken on referring the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ; and there were—ayes 45, noes 75.
So tho motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
INC1USASE OF BANKING FACILITIES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the House resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a
national currency of bank notes, and to equal-
ize the distribution of circulating notes.
Tire pending question was on the following
substitute offered by Mr. Ixgersoll for the
Senate bill:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury, in addition to
theUnitedStateslegal-tcndei notes hex etofore issued
under former acts of Congress, be, nnd ho is hereby,
authorized and directed to issue like notes of the
denominations heretofore issued, and in such pro-
portions as he may deem best, to tho amount of
$44,000,000; S10,000,000 of said notcs_to.be issued
within thirty days after the passage of this act,, and
*10,000,000 within sixty days after the passage ot this
act, and $10,000,000 within ninety days after the pas-
sage of this act, and the remaining $14.000,OOOwitbin
one hundred and twenty days after tho passage of
this act.
The SPEAKER. Upon this question the
yeas and nays were ordered yesterday.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 103, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Adams, Archer, Beatty, Beck,
Bennett, Burr, Amasa Cobb, (Joburn, Cook, Conner,
Crebs, Cullom, Box, Eldridge, Gibson, Hambleton,
llamill, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, llefim,
Holman, Ingersoll, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis,
Marshall, McCormick, MeKenzic, McNecly, Milnes,
Wood—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Aspcr,
Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaiuan, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Booker, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burcharu, Lur-
dett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Conner, Cowles, Cox, Degeuer,
Dickey, l)ixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Lla. .barns-
worth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Iitch, Jjox,
Garfield, G-etz, Ilaight, Hale, Harris Hawley, Hoar,
Hooper, ilotchkiss, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ivclsey, Keteham, Knapp, Lafiin, Lash, Ma.vnard,
McCarthy, McCrary, McGrcw, Mercur, v\ imam
Moore, Morpins. Daniel J.Morrell, Morrbsey,ISew-
siiam, Packer, Peck, Perce. Phelps, Poland, lom-
eroy. Potter, Randall, Sargent, Sawyer, SchoncV,
Schuraaker, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, TafFe. Tanner, Tillnmn. TvicheH,
Upson, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wiliard. Winans, and Woodwaid—lift.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Armstrong, AiuoJI.
tcli, Ayer, Barnum, Biggs, Boles. Bowen,
James Brooks, Ben.ia.min F. Butler, Cake, Cilkiu,
William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Davis,
Dawes. Dickinson, Dockory, Perry, Gilfiiiitn, (JrU-
wolcl, Ilaldenian.ileaton, Iiiii,Hoge, Jeuckcs. John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, McKee, Bliakim Ji.
Moore, Jesse il. Moore,Samuel P.Morrill,Mungon,
Myers, I\cgley, O'Neill, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Plate,
Porter, Pioxser, Sanford, Scofield,Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Shobor, Slocum, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith,^\ orthiogton C.Smith, Stevens. Stevenson,
Stone, Stoughton, Sweeney, Taylor, Townsend, Van
Horn, Voorhecs, Wallace, CadwnladerC. Washburn,
Weiker, Wheeler, Whilmorc, "Wilkinson. Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. IlSfGERSOLL. I have another amend-
ment pending.
Mr. GAIIFIELD, o£ Ohio. 1 did not so
understand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. ' If I had not so under-
stood I should have selected the one now to be
voted on rather than the one just voted on.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If that be the
gentleman's understanding, I do not object..
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following as a substitute:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to prepare imme-
diately, and stamp with the seal of the Treasury
Department, paper dollars of the denominations and
to the amounts that may bo required to supply tho
demand, which stamped and coincd paper doWars
he shall exchange with all applicants at parin open
market for the present outstanding bonds, Treasury
notes, and other securities of the United States, na-
tional bank notes, and gold and silver bullion at the
actual market value estimated in gold com, of such
bonds, Treasury notes, and other securities, bank
notes, and gold andsiiverbullion, and which stamped
paper dollars he shall exchange with all applicants
at par for gold coin of the United States, and which
stamped paper dollars shall, after issueand exchange
as aforesaid, become and be a legal tender at the par
value thereof in payment of all public and private
dues whatsoever: Provided, however. That the holder
of any outstanding bond on which tho intore&t is
stipulated to be paid in gold shall have the option to
receive such interest in gold coin or in such paper
money; and the bonds, Treasury notes, and other
United States securities, national bank notes, coin,
and gold and silver bullion obtained by such ex-
change shall form a fund that shall be applied, with
its accumulations, to the purchato and ledemption
of the present interest-bearing debt of the United
States. The exchange, purchase, and redemption
authorized and provided for in this section shall be
made and the marketvaluc aforesaid bo ascertained
and fixed under general regulations which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to prepare immediately registered and
coupon bonds of the denominations and to tho
amounts that may be required to supply the demand,
which bonds shall boar interest at the rate of three
and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per annum, pay-
able half yearly on tho 1st days of February and
August of caeh year, which bonds he snail exchange
with all applicants at par for gold coin of the United
States, and which bonds he shall exchange with all
applicants in open market at par for all presentput-
standing bonds. Treasury notes, and other securities
of the United States, national bank notes, and gold
and silver bullion, at the actual market value esti-
mated in gold coin of the United States of such out-
standing bonds, Treasury notes, and other securities,
bank notes, and gold and silver bullion. And tho
bonds, Treasury notes, and other securities of the
United States, national bank notes, coin, and gold
and silver bullion obtained by such exchange shall
form part of the fund to be applied in the manner
hereinbefore provided. The exchange of bonds pro-
vided in this section shall be made and the market
value aforesaid be ascertained and fixed under gen-
eral regulations which tho Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe. , 1 ,
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That the stamped
paper money and bonds authorized by this act shall
always be exchangeable for each other at their par
value with the accrued interest on the bonds by
tho Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, and designated
depositaries ot the United States under general regu-
lations which the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe. , ,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That registered
bonds hereinbefore provided may be deposited with
the Treasurer or other officer of the United states for
the purposes authorized by existing laws, and at any
time before the expiration ol one year from the pas-
sage of this act tho owner or owners ol bonds or
securities now so deposited and held may wiuidiaw
and receive possession of the same upon depositing
