4472
THE CON(tRESSIOiYAL GLOBE.
June loA
in lieu thereof with such officer or officers registered
bonds provided by this act equal in amount to the
bonds or securities so to be withdrawn, and at the
end of the period aforesaid the owner or owners
of any bonds or securities other than the registered
bonds hereinbefore provided, who shall -not havo
withdrawn the same according to Jaw, shall be held
and deemed to have authorized the Treasurer or other
office? holdingsuch bonds and securities to exchange
the snmowith the Secretary of the Treasury for regis-
tered bonds in the manner provided by this act, and
such officers snail make the exchange accordingly.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the bonds,
uud the interest thereon, issued under theprovisions
of this act shall be exempt from the payment of all
taxes or duties of the United States, as well as from
taxation in any form by or under State, municipal,
or local authority.
Mr. IN-GERSOLL. I demand the 3reas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr, Lynch's
substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the Comptroller of the Currency is hereby
authorized and required, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasuiy, to issue to national bank
associations, lawfully established in States and Ter-
ritories now having less than their proportion of
national bank currency, according to the basis estab-
lished in section twenty-one of an act approved Juno
3,18G4, entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," as said section was subsequently amended
and now exists, national bank notes to the amount
of $50,000,000, apportioning the same to such States
and Territories according to tho proportion or per-
centage of such now-existing deficit: Provided, That
110 national banking association hereafter established
shall be entitled to a circulation exceeding $500,000:
Provided further, That from and aftor July 1, 1SG9,
noUmore than twenty per cent, of the reserve pro-
vided for in sections thirty-one and thirty-two of an
act entitled "An act to provide a national currency
fcecured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof/'
approved June 3, 1801, shall consist of the threo per
cent, temporary loan certificates authorized by tho
acts of March 2.1867, and July 25,1868: and from and
 ftcr January 1, 1870, said reserve shall consist en-
tirely of lawiul money and balances, as required by
section thirty-one of said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act aro hereby
repealed.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Smith, of Oregon, as follows :
Insert as an additional section to tho Senate bill:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That after the
1st day of January, A. D. 1871, no interest shall be
paid to any national banking association on the bonds
deposited by it in pursuance of law, as security for
its circulation, except on the excessof the par value
of such bonds over and above the amount of national
bauk notes issued to it, and not redeemed or canceled
by the Government; and that after that date no tax
shall bo levied or collected on the circulation of any
national banking association.
Mr. HOLMAN" demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 118, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Bird, Burr, Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dox,Hambleton, Holman, Knott,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McNoely, Milnes, Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Mungen, ftibiaek, Randall, Reeves,
llice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober,
Joseph S.femith, Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Au- j
vxTni11 irump, Winchester, and Wood—37.
^Alb—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Bailey, I^anks, Barry, Bearaan, Beatty, Ben-
nett, Benton, Llair, Boies, Booker, Boyd, George M.
l>rooks, Luck, Buckley, Buffmton, Burchard. Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
^oburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Degener, jDickey,
Bixon, Bockery, Donley, Duval, Ela, tfarnswortn,
icrnss, 1*inkolnbuig,iisher,Garfield, Getz,Haight,
Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hoar,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian. Kclley
^ellogg, Ivclsey, Kcfcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash,
Lawrence, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrarv,
McGrew, Mercur, Ehakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Wilham Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck
.Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William Smyth'
Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Twich-
ell. iyner, Upson, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader O.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson, Winans, Witeher, and Wood-
ward— 118.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Ayer, Barnum, Benjamin, Biggs, Bingham,
Bowen James Brooks, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Clinton
L. Cobb, Covode. Callom, Davis, Dawes, Dickinson,
Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Gilfillan,
&riswold,H3ldeman, Hamill, Harris, lleaton.Hefiin,
Hill, Iioso, Jenckos, Johnson, Alexander il. Jones,
Xhornas L. Jones. Kerr. Loughridge, Lynch, jtfcCor-
rmek,McKee, McKenzie, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Negley, Newsham, O'Neill, Perec, Peters, Porter,
Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Scolield, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Stovens. Stovenson, Stone, Swann, Town-
send, Van Horn, Voorhces, \Vallace, Welker, Wells,
Whitmore. Wilkinson, Williams, and Eugene M.
n llson—75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
few measures have had a more eventful career
in the House of Representatives than the one
which isnow about to meet the fate of a final
vote. Two days and an evening of stormy
debate, and two more days of voting and ma-
neuvering for and against it, have brought the
bill to this hour, in almost precisely the shape
in which it left the hands of the Committee
on Banking and Currency. I shall not weary
the House to-day with an elaborate speech,
nor shall I reiterate any of thearguments hith-
erto advanced, demonstrating the necessity of
passing this bill. I will first state the condi-
tion of the bill, the character of its leading
provisions andofthe pending amendments, and
then review briefly some points made in the
debate since I last addressed the House.
By unanimous consent it was agreed yester-
day morning that several amendments "in the
nature of substitutes for the Senate bill should
be voted on, before the vote is taken on the
substitute offered by the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. All these preliminary votes
have now been taken ; and, under the order of
the House, we have reached the substitute
offered by the committee and the amendments
thereto. Under the rules, as chairman of the
committee, I am entitled to an hour ; but I
shall take only a part of that lime, and yield
the remainder to others. That the House may
clearly understand the position of the bill, I ask
gentlemen to send for the print marked printer's
No. 907, (which is the substitute of the commit-
tee for the Senate bill,) and also for the sheet
marked printer's No. 987, which shows all the
amendments now pending. If gentlemen
willfoliow my explanation for a few momenl3
1 think they will understand the situation.
This substitute consists of four sections. The
first section authorizes the issue of $95,000,000
of national bank notes to banking associations
organized, or to bo organized in States that
have less than their proper proportion, under
the_ laws now regulating the distribution of
national currency. It limits tho circulation of
any new bank to $500,000; and provides that
it one of the States having a deficiency shall
not take the full amount to which it is entitled,
other States in deficiency may take the bal-
ance. That is the substance of the first section.
Tho second section provides that on the 1st
day of every month there shall be reported to
the Secretary of the Treasury the amount of
notes which have been issued under this act
during the previous month ; and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall immediately redeem
and cancel an equivalent amount of the three
per cent, certificates, until the whole amount
of $45,500,000 shall have been canceled.
Thus the inflation of the currency will pro-
ceed for one month, at the end of which the
canceling of an equivalent amount of three
per cent, certificates will take place. This
process is to continue until the $45,500,000 of
the three per cent, certificates are exhausted.
As the bill stands, the process of issue and
cancellation will then go on beyond the amount
of the three per cents, until $95,000,000 of
national bank notes shall have been issued
and $39,500,000 of legal tenders, in addition
to the $45,500,000 of three per cents., are
canceled.
At this point the committee allowed a mem-
ber of the committee, the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Judd,J to offerhisamendment, which
strikes out the clause requiring the cancel-
lation of $39,500,000 of greenbacks. If the
House shall agree to that amendment, the sec-
ond section, in connection with the first, will
authorize the issue of $95,000,000 of national
bank notes and the cancellation of $45,500,000
of three per cents. This will leave, according
to the estimation of some, an inflation of
$50,000,000; according to others not so much ;
but according to all an increase to some extent.
Mr. COX. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman what, in his judgment, would be the
amount of the inflation under the substitute of
the committee, and what would be the effect
as regards inflation of the amendment of the
gentlemau from Illinois, [Mr. Judd ?]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state that,
two different calculations have been made which
I will give. Ninety-five million dollars of na-
tional bank notes issued to the banks will require
an average of twentyper cent, ofthe same amount
of greenbacks to be locked up as a reserve in
their vaults to secure the circulation ; twenty
per cent, of $95,000,000 would be $19,000,000.
It cannot be said, therefore, that there would
be an inflation to the full amount of the differ-
ence between $95,000,000 and $45,500,000.
It would be an inflation to the full amount of
$95,000,000, according to that calculation, less
$19,000,000, or an increase of $31,500,000.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman in this
connection to explain how the place of the
three per cent, certificates is to be supplied.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will do so.
The three per cent, certificates, with the ex-
ception of two or three millions of them, have
been held and are held as bank reserves in place
of greenbacks. Therefore, when redeemed
and canceled, their place must be supplied by
the actual deposit of greenbacks, dollar for
dollar, in their place. Therefore to cancel the
$45,000,000 of three per cents. i3 a direct con-
traction of the currency by just that amount.
So the issue of $95,000,000 of national bank
notes will be an inflation of $95,000,000 of
money, minus $45,000,000 of three per cents.,
minus $19,000,000 more of reserves required
by it, which two together, subtracted from
$95,000,000, leaves $31,500,000 as the amount
of inflation. This is one view. The other is
that taken by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Lynch,] who insisted in his speech that
wc must make allowance also for the reserves
required to secure deposits; because all the de-
posits of the new banks will require also an aver-
age of twenty per cent, of ''greenbacks'' locked
up as reserves to secure such deposits. As a
rule, the deposits exceed in amount the total
circulation. If we take the amount of deposits in
the new banks at $100,000,000, and considerthe
reserves required to secure them as a contrac-
tion, wo must add $20,000,000 more to the
amount of virtual contraction, thus leaving the
resulting inflation at $11,000,000. I give these
as the two estimates. I think that the deposits
and banking facilities developed by the bill will
more than balance the contraction caused by
tho reserves to secure circulation and deposits.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Ohio whether
the deposits are not $000,000,000 against a
circulation of $350,000,000?
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 say that the
cities hold a greater proportion of deposits,
and as these new banks are to be distributed
more in the rural districts than in ihs. cities, it
is not presumed that the deposits will be so
great in the country banks as the average of
all the banks. That concludes all I desire to
say concerning the second section.
Mr. BU11CHARD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio if there would necessarily be an
increase of deposits by the creation of national
oanks? Would not these national banks take
tue place of the private bankers and brokers,
and would there not be a transfer of the de-
posits from the latter to these new banking
associations ? I ask him also whether these
