2584
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
able Senator to say they ought to occupy the
"land at least two years to entitle them to this
privilege. Would it not be well to put that in
the amendment?
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. In drawing the preemption
laws there are various clauses put in to prevent
the conveyance of the lands to aliens and to
minor persons under a certain .age. It seems
to me that a law drawn so loosely as this, if
this amendment should be adopted, would be
subject to a great many frauds. If children,
or aliens, or Indians can locate on the lands
and become settlers, it would be very easy for
anybody who wished to sweep a large portion
of this territory, to evade the evident intention
which the honorable Senator doubtless has in
view. I think, therefore, it would be better to
amend the phraseology of this amendment.
Mr. NYU. I wish to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts a question. Suppose I should
want to buy three hundred acres of land; I
could not do it under this proposition. In the
modern days of farming one hundred and sixty
acres do not make much of a farm. That is
not enough for a poor man to get a living upon.
Suppose ! should want to buy three hundred
acres; 1 cannot do it under his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion ia on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I am requested by my col-
league [Mr. Sumner] to state thathe has paired
(iff with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton.]
Mr. BAYARD. They were paired upon the
passage of the joint resolution. I do not know
how they would vote on this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 22 ; as follows:
YH AS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Casserly, Cra-
bui, JDavis, Fowler, llarlan, Howell, Johnston,Mc-
Croery, Pool, Thurman, Tipton. Trumbull, and Wil-
son—15
NAYS—Mossrs. Ames, Chandler, Colo, Corbett,
Drako, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard, Howe,
Kellogg:, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Os-
bom, 1'otneroy, Itamsey, Kico, Rosa, Sawyer, Stew-
art, and Williams—'l~.
ARSICNT—Messrs, Abbott, Boroinan, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Oattcll, Conk-
Iiiir, Kdmunds, Fenton, Iforry, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt, llovols,
Robertson, Saulsbury.Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spon-
eer, Sprueue, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Victors,
W arner, WiUcy, and Yates—3o.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. The last vote shows thirty-
seven members present 
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a constitutional
quorum.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; and barely so.
Twenty-two of those Senators are in favor of
this resolution, not a third of the Senate. Now,
I submit, if it is rightthat this resolution should
be put through in so thin a Senate; and espe-
cially I ask whether it should be put through
when it has been so amended that perhaps not
half a dozen Senators on the floor know in what
shape it now is? In order that this joint reso-
lution may be printed as it now stands amended,
I move that it be laid on the table and bo printed
as amended; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IIO WELL. I should like to offer an-
■ other amendment before that question is put.
Mr. STEWART. You cannot do it now
under this motion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harlan, Howell, Johnston, McCroory, and Thur-
man—9.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Colo,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Howard. Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ram-
sey, Rice, Boss, Sawyer, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
William-, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conklina,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Marylandi
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, LewiStMoriill of Maine,
Morton. Norton, Pratt, Revels, Robertson, Sauls-
bnry, Schnrz, Seott, Sherman, Speneor, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Viclcers, Warner, Willey,
and Yatos—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There was au amendment
reported by the Pacific Railroad Committee,
as the resolution was originally printed, but it
got back to the committee in some way and
has been omitted. I think the first judgment
of the committee was right. It proposed to
strike out the words beginning in line nineteen
with the word "and," and extending to line
thirty, embracing the word "branch." I
renew that amendment. There is the same
necessity for striking that clause out now, I
think, that justified itself to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad at the time it was ordered
to be done. If that amendment should carry
I should have no objection to the passage of
the joint resolution with the amendments that
have been already adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
mentof the Senator from Iowa will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved to strike out
the following words, commencing in line nine-
teen, after the words "Puget sound," down
to and including the word "branch," in liue
thirty:
And in l.ho event of there not being in any State
or Territory iu which said main lino or bra.nch may
be located, at the timo of the final location thereof,
the amount of lands per milegrantcd by Congress to
said company within tho limits prescribed by its
charter, then said company shall be entitled undor
tho directions ot tho Secretary ol the Interior to
receive so many sections of la.nd belonging to tho
United States and designated by odd numbers iu
such Stato or Territory within ten miles on each side
of said load beyond tho limits proscribed in said
charter as will rnako up suchdolicioncy on said main
lino or branch.
Mr. HARLAN. If this amendment should
be adopted and the resolution should then be-
come a law, it would authorize the company
to mortgage all its property, franchisor, and
line of road, and also authorize it to build a
branch road from the point named on the
main trunk line to Puget sound. If this amend-
ment should carry, and itshouldbecome a law
in that shape, I shall have no objection to it.
I notice by the Globe that I was wrongly re-
ported as having said that the proposition to
enable this company t,o build the branch road
was objectionable. I intended to say " unob-
jectionable." 1 think they ought to have the
right to build (he branch road so as to secure
a terminus at the deep waters of the Pacific,
at a good harbor, as well as at Portland. 1
desire the yeas and nays oil this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Thisamendrnentis merely
to strike out, without inserting.
Mr. HARLAN. To strike out that part
which enlarges the exterior boundary of the
grant.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand it.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that the Senate
cannot adjourn while a question is beingtakeu.
Mr. THURMAN. I presume we can adjourn
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not in order until the vote is announced.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Chair decided?
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair
decides that no motion is in order while the
Senate is dividing and the yeas and nays are
being taken.
The result was announced—yeas 7, nays 27 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, 1'owler, Harlan,
Howell, Thurman, and Wilson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Cole,
Corbett, Cragin, Drako, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomoroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Roas, Sawyer, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Williams—27.
ABSENT—Mes'srs. Abbott, Boremaii, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cameron. Carpenter, Cattcll. Conic-
ling, Davis, Edmunds, Fonton, Ferry, Hamilton ef
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Johnston,
Lewis. MeCreery, Morrill of Maine,'Morton, Norton,
Pool, Pratt, Revels, Robertson, Saolsbtiry, Schnrz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprasne, Stockton, Su-m-
nor.Thayer, Vickers, Warner, Willey, and Yates—38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 11,1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
OJJDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of. State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
reference.
MEMORIAL STONE FROM BOMB.
Mr. PETERS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 236) respecting thestono presented
by the patriots of Rome to the late President
Abraham Lincoln ; which was read a first and
second lime, and referrffl to the Committee
on the Library.
DEPOSITS 1IY POSTMASTERS.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No,
1719) repealing acts prohibiting postmasters
from depositing Government money in bank ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States.
EXTRA WAGES OF DfSOJIAlWlBD SEAMEN.
Mr. BUFF1NTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1720) to repeal the payment of extra wages
upon the discharge of seamen, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho select Committee on
the Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage.
I'OSTAL TI3LEGKAPII SYSTEM.
Mr. DAWES presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, in
favor of the union of the telegraph with the
postal service; which was referred to the select
Committee on Postal Telegraph Lines, and
ordered to be printed.
NAVY-YARD EXPENDITURES.
Mr. REEVES introduced a joint resolution
_(H. R. No. 237) in reference to expenditures
in the navy-yards; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Expenditures in the Navy Department.
J. ALDEN RATIIBUN.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J. Alden
Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge, Con-
necticut; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee of Claims.
1II5NRY C. PEARSON.
Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1722) for the relief of Henry C. Pearson, of
the twenty-first regimentPennsylvania cavalry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
JULIA M'LAUGHLIX.
Mr. READING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1723) granting a pension to Julia McLaugh-
lin; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
