1640
MB CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
view of moving it to tbe title of the bill at the
proper time.
Th^amendment moved by Mr. Scofield was
accordingly withdrawn.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and the following paragraphs were read:
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians:
For the first of fire installments on $25,000, being
the fifth series, for beneficial obj ects, under the direc-
tion of the President, per fourth article treaty 1st of
July, 1855, $1,000.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school and for
pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty
1st July, 1855, $2,500.
For eleventh of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the ne-
cessary toots therefor, per tenth article treaty 1st
July. 1855, $500.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per tenth article treaty 1st July, 1855, $4,100.
Mr. PROSSER. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after the para-
graphs just read by the Clerk :
For the establishment of schools among the Puebla
Indians of New Mexico, $5,000.
I hope that this Committee of the Whole
will adopt the amendment which I have offered,
lor the reason that it is very important, I think,
and nothing more than simple jnstice that the
Government of the United States should do
something to establish schools among the
Pueblo Indians of New Mexico. These Indians
are in settlements some nineteen in number.
They are to a certain extent civilized, and
during the time when they were under the
Spanish and Mexican Governments they made
considerable progress in edneation and in civ-
ilization. Now, since New Mexico has become
apart of the United States these Pueblo Indians
have been almost entirely neglected; and the
education which they obtained under the Span-
ish and Mexican Governments they have now
almost entirely lost on account of the neglect
of the General Government of the United States.
I hope the effort will be made to establish
schools among these Indians for their educa-
tion. They are deserving of the care of the
Government. They were loyal daring the late
war; they afforded to the troops of the United
States every facility to obtain supplies and pro-
visions such as they had among them; and
for their conduct since they have been under
the care of the Government of tbe United
States they deserve some attention from the
General Government. They have caused us
no trouble; they have been scarcely any expense
to the Government; scarcely a dollar has been
expended among them for any purpose; and
no money whatever has been expended among
them for pnrposes of education. They have
been applying year after year through their
agents for a small appropriation to establish
schools among them. But no such appropria-
tion has yet been granted. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, that the Committee of the Whole will
adopt this amendment and make an appropri-
ation of this small sum of $5,000 to establish
schools among these Pueblo Indians.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question.
Mr. PHOSSEIi. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Tie Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has not asked for this appropriation.
Does the gentleman know that he desires it?
_ Mr. PROSSER. I will say that the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs is exceedingly anxious
that a specific appropriation of this kind shall
be made. He desires to establish schools
among these Pueblo Indians, and ha3 assured
me that for $5,000 some few schools may be
established among them. He desires to make
a beginning in the way of educating these
Indians.
Mr. BECK. No such amountas this is called
for in the estimates.
Mr. PROSSER. That may all be; but I
think these Indians deserve this appropriation ;
they need it, and it is nothing more than simple
justice on the part of Congress to make this
appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Chairman, the hon-
orable gentleman from California [Mr. Sab-
gent] who has this bill in charge seems to
have prepared it with the idea that good civil-
izations are never indigenous ; that they are
all exotic; that therefore we must take hold
of these Indians and lift them up out of the
barbarism of centuries into our own civiliza-
tion. For this purpose treaties are made;
for this purpose millions of dollars are voted
out of the Treasury of the country. Now, sir,
I am glad to see that this House, and I believe
the country, are becoming tired of this system
of dealing with the Indians. In my judgment,
if we hope ever to lift the Indians out of their
present degradation and save them from self-
extermination it must be not by giving them
millions of money, not by presents of pro-
visions and other articles, not by ministering
simply to their artificial wants, but by trying
to encourage and build up among them do-
mestic relations, by extending their social ties,
and by organizing among them, if it is pos-
sible, something like a civil condition. Hence
I am glad to see in this House a movement
with a view of abolishing these treaties with
the Indians, so far as may be consistent with
the plighted faith of the Government; I am
glad, too, to hear the idea promulgated here
that we must bring these Indians under the
control of law. Such a measure is necessary
if we are to do them any good in our efforts to
alleviate their condition, to educate them, and
mako them a blessing to themselves and not a
mere expense to the country.
Mr. SARGENT. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. For New Mexico, where these Pueblo
Indians are, we propose to appropriate $50,000
by this bill, while for some of the neighboring
Territories we propose an appropriation of only
$15,000, about twenty thousand dollars being
the range of expenditure. But as the commit-
tee believed that the Indian Commissioner
would be able to do some especial good among
these nineteen towns of Pueblo Indians we
have proposed an increased appropriation—
one of those instances in which, perhaps, gen-
tlemen will say the Committee on Appropria-
tions have been liberal. I hope the amount
will not be increased, for I think such increase
is unnecessary. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
S'Klallams:
For first of five installments on $60,000, (being the
fifth series,) under the direction of the President,
per fifth article treaty 26th January, 1855, $2,400.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh article
treaty 26th October, 1855, $1,800.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the
paragraph last read by striking out" $1,800"
and inserting in lieu therof "$2,800." This
is the point where the committee desire to add
the $1,000 which was strufck out in a previous
part of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the acting
chairman of the committee to state the location
of this alleged tribe and the number of per-
sons comprised in the tribe. Before making
this appropriation we should know whether
there is really in existence any such tribe of
Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. This tribe resides in Wash-
ington Territory and numbers about six hun-
dred Indians ? Is that the information that
the gentleman desires ?
Mr. WOOD. I only want to know whether
we are appropriating money for an actual 1
tribe? 1
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; we are making
this appropriation for an actual tribe, accord-
ing to my information and the published re-
ports.
Mr. WOOD. While the gentleman isanswer-
ing questions I would like to ask him why it is
that the chairman of the Committee on Appro- i
priations [Mr. Dawes] does not remain hero
for the purpose of giving the House such in-
formation as it may require with reference to
this measure ?
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I believe
it is my duty, as I have special charge of this
bill, to give information upon any of these
matters, even if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] were present. If the
gentleman from NewYork [Mr. Wood] desires
any information I will certainly do my best to
answer him.
Mr. WOOD. I want to know whether the
chairman has not gone to New Hampshire to
get the necessary information to enlighten his
committee on this subject?
Mr. SARGENT. The chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Dawes] has gone to New Hamp-
shire to give information to the people there
which he perhaps thought necessary in refer-
ence to the gentleman's political associates.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is not in
order, as there is no amendment pending.
The Clerk read as follows:
Yancton tribe of Sioux:
For second of ten installments, second scries, to be
paid to them or expended for their benefit, commenc-
ing with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle and reside upon their reservation, per fourth
article treaty 19th April, 1858, $-10,000: Provided, That
no part of the moneys appropriated by tbis act, or
hereafter to bo appropriated to pay annuities due
the Yancton Sioux Indians, shall be expended for
any other articles of food, clothing, agricultural, or
mechanical implements than such as shall be agreed
upon by the chiefs and headmen of said tribe, in a
general council held for this purpose, the same to be
estimated for by the local agent and certified by the
superintendent of Indian affairs for said tribe.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
proviso, and to show the reason for doing so
I ask the Clerk to read the communication
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., February 15,1870.
Sis: Referring to the Indian appropriation bill
reported to the House of Representatives on the 7th
instant, it is noticed that there is aproviso attached
to the item of $40,000, therein provided for the Yanc-
ton tribe of Sioux, to the effect that no part of the
moneys appropriated, or to be appropriated, to pay
annuities duosaid Indians, shall be expended for
any other articles of food, clothing, agricultural
or mechanical implements than such as shall be
agreed upon by the chiefs and headmen of said tribe,
in a general council held for the purpose, &c.
I respectfully request that this proviso be stricken
from the bill for the following reasons: it is imprac-
ticable to comply with its requirements without
great trouble and expense, as the Indians would
have to be called together in council whenever their
necessities required the purchase of supplies for them,
and as such councils would have to be held several
times during the year, and are always attended with
more or less expense to the Indians in the way of
provisions, &c., they should not be held if it can
possibly be avoided. Were it practicable to carry
out said proviso in every particular it would result
in no good to the Indians, and in many oases would
doubtless cause dissatisfaction among themselves
as well as with the Department, and thereby prove
injurious to the service; for they would be likely to
ask for many things in the shape of arms,ammunition,
trinkets, and other articles that would be of no use
or benefit to them, and which should not be furnished
or given to them under any circumstances.
Respectfully. . . ELI S. PARKER,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, Committee on Appropriationt.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe the reasons stated
in that letter to be sufficient. This proviso
was found in the statutes last year, but on
looking at the debates I find it was introduced
on the motion of the then Delegate from Dakota.
I find that it has worked injuriously, and I
agree that there should be left the same discre-
tion to the Department in reference to this as
well as to other appropriations in the bill.
Mr. SPINK. I wish to say in reference to
the proviso which the gentleman moves to strike
out that I am well satisfied, if the provision
could be carried into general effect, there is
none better which could be adopted by this
House. I know that in years gone by property
has been forced apon the Indians whether they
wanted it or not, or whether they had any
practical use for it or not. The Indians them-
selves should have something to say in refer-
