3528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
"Admital Pobteb. If wo were to g« into that
business altogether it would break up the (ship-
building in this eountry, and tbat would be very
impolitic. Our policy is to keep up our ship-build-
ing interests. Thero are only one or two ships on
tho stocks in New York now, and I have seen one
hundred and fifty of them at a time.
"Mr. Calkin. There is only one ship on the stocks
in New York.
"Admiral Poster. I do not think there is one at
all in Boston. I was down the coast last summer,
from Portland through the different cities, examin-
ing navy-yards and dry-docks and ship-yards, and I
do not recollect seeing any mere than that one ship
building anywhere. That is a very sad picture."
Shall we continue to be withoat such ships ?
The carrying trade was never greater than
now; our exchanges were never greater, and
the number of people crossing the ocean was
never greater. Of the hundreds of thousands
of immigrants every year coming to this coun-
try to settle and become citizens, not one can
eorne under the stars and stripes, though it
is but reasonable to suppose that they would
nearly all prefer to do so. England obtains
neatly all this valuable trade, and we, not
satisfied with paying her annually hundreds of
millions for her manufactures and gewgaws,
must also insist upon that policy which enables
her to have a monopoly in their transportation.
Any future war with any of the great Powers
of Eurojse must be one upon the ocean. In
any such war the great ability of Great Britain
to harm us would be in her swift merchant
ships converted into war vessels to destroy our
commerce. They would swarm on every sea,
and in thirty days we should not have a vessel
that would venture beyond our own headlands,
for our slow naval vessels would never come
within gunshot of those swift cruisers.
We are appropriating over twenty million
dollars a year to keep up our Navy in time of
profound peace, when it is utterly useless;
and from the character of its vessels it would
be entirely powerless to harm our adversary
in time of war. The day of wooden ships is
ended as men-of-war, as witness the Cumber-
land and Congress going down in a few min-
utes before the iron-clad Merrimac.
Shall we go on to expend $20,000,000 a year
on such a Navy as we have, or shall we change
our policy somewhat and use some of that
money to encourage the building of some iron
ships that may be usefully employed in com-
merce in time of peace and as swift cruisers
in time of war? lo maintain a foreign squad-
ron costs a great deal of money, an admiral's
ship alone costing $600,000 a year. It is as-
serted that it is necessary to protect our com-
merce and maintain the dignity of the nation,
and give the world an idea of its resources and
its power, that such squadrons should be kept
up. I stated the other day, and it will bear
repeating-, that an American captain has stated
to the committee that before the war he was in
the harbor of Bio with his ship, and that at
the same time there were forty other ships in
port loading with coffee flying the American
flag, and but one American war ship, the old
Jonn Adams, a sailing ship. Two or three years
ago he was in the same port, and his ship was
the only one flying the stars and stripes, while
at the same time there were seven United
States war vessels in port to protect him.
A large American ship-builder informs me
that he met but a few days ago an old acquaint-
ance, long in the India trade, who had just come
from China in the Pacific line. The friend said
that ninety days ago he was in Calcutta, and
there were then in that port but three Ameri-
can ships, while before the war he had fre-
quently seen in the same port at one time over
one hundred ships flying the stars and stripes;
yet in those days a single war ship in East In-
dian waters was all that was deemed necessary
for the protection of our commerce there. Can
any one doubt that the forty vessels engaged in
peaceful commerce at Rio and the one hundred
ships thus engaged at Calcutta impressed the
people of those countries more with tbe power
and resources of this Government than the large
squadrons of w r ships now maintained on those
stations? It is our commercial yeBsels that
before the war visited every sea and exhibited
the American flag, that has made us known,
honored, and respected abroad.-
I am aware that there are some who will
say, "If England will do our carrying trade
cheaper than we can let her do it." I think I
understood the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to take the position that the peo-
ple do not care about that matter; that the
cjuestion with our people is, who will carry our
treight the cheapest; that it is a matter of no
consequence who carries the freight; if Great
Britain can carry it cheaper than we can let
her carry it. As I understand it, that is the
position of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.] I do not believe that is the
feeling of the people of this country. I believe
there is not a human being within the sound
of my voice, who is an American, who would
not prefer, if going to Europe, to go under the
stars and stripes, even if it cost him a little
more money to do so.
I believe there is some national pride in this
matter. I believe if our people could see that
they were building up a great commercial
marine, which should be a powerful auxiliary
in case of war, they would gladly submit to
pay something more to enable them to have
such an auxiliary, and to maintain the honor
and credit of the nation.
I invite the attention of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] to how different has
been England's policy 1 That it h^g.beena
wise policy we know from its results. I beg
leave to call the attention of the House to a
discussion upon this subject in Parliament in
1867. It will be seen that England is for free
trade when free trade is her interest; but when
free trade would give other nations a chance
with her she is as much in favor of protection
as ever.
In 1867 the subject of the renewal of the
subsidy to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam
Packet Company was before Parliament. The
treasury department had invited offers from
the Messageries Imp6riales, a French line, for
carrying the Indian mails. A very lengthy and
able discussion sprang up in the House of
Commons over the proposition, which was par-
ticipated in by the leading members of that
body, and I beg leave here to read from some
of the speeches made on that occasion. Mr.
Crawford, member of Parliament, said:
"Now, what I desire to do on this occasion is to
protest, in the name of what I consider to be the in-
terest of the country and the interest of commerco,
and in j ustice to our own companies, against the ships
of the Messageries Iinperialca or of any other foreign
company beihg employed in tho conveyance of our
eastern mails. [Loud cheers from all parts of the
house.] You may carry the principle of economy too
far. [" Hear 1 Hear!"] Such a course of proceeding
wo old bo free trade gone mad. [Renewed cheers.]"
tic*********
"The French have seen what the Peninsular and
Oriental steamers did in the Crimean war. They
then carried upward of sixty thousand men from this
country, two thousand officers, and between eleven
and twelve thousand horses. We know what was
done by another company in the ' Trent' affair. We
know how ten thousand men Were sent out to Can-
ada by the Cunard line of steamers and other vessels
almost at a day's notice."
I think we hardly knew what she was about
at that time, we were so much engaged at
home. But in a few days' time she sent out
ten thousand men upon these subsidized steam-
ers to reenforce her army in Canada. I ask-the
House to indulge me a moment longer in
reading from this discussion. Mr. Crawford
further says:
"I think, then, that it is rather too much to ex-
pect that the interests of this country, commercial,
social, and political, should be made to depend upon
the good will of any foreign nation whatever."
Mr. Laing, in the same debate, said:
" But when you come to a question like this, when
all the steamers that enter the ports of the East, and
which are employed in conducting the correspond-
ence and communication with all parts of the East,
are seen to carry the French flag, then, I say, there
is nothing so dangerous to the prestige of the Eng-
lish name as to have it supposed that French enter-
prise and French influence have the prcponderoncc,
and that the French flag has taken the place of the
English. [Loud cheers. J There is nothing, I am sat-
isfied, that tends so surely to keep up the namo and
influence of England in the East as the sight of those
splendid steamers coming and going with the regu-
larity of clock-work on the weekly, fortnightly, or
monthly performance of their voyages."
You thus see what'is the policy of our great
commercial rival, and you know the result of
that policy. I do not expect our Government
to follow hfcr example; but I do hope that
where we can legislate for the restoration of
our shipping interest without doing so at the
expense of any of our own people we shall do
so. To let in the materials for building ships
free of duty will harm no American interest;
for we now build no ships and we obtain no
duties from that class of materials. On that
portion of this bill I hope there may be entire
unanimity, as well as on the proposition to hold
in bond the supplies consumed on American
ships in the foreign trade.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
objected to this, I belieye, because we do not
admit free of duty the materials for ship-build-
ing; but at the close of his remarks I think
I understood him to declare his willingness,
as one means of restoring our commerce, to
allow a drawback on such materials.
Mr. WOOD. Allow me to explain what I
said. I declared myself in favor of placing on
the free list articles entering into the construc-
tion of vessels, so as to avoid the expense of
collecting duties and the frauds incidental to
importation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. So I
understood the gentleman at the commence-
ment of his speech j but at the close, when he
was enumerating his different remedies 
Mr. WOOD. I said that I would either
allow a drawback or would put the articles on
the free list. I do not think there is a very
material distinction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then I
have not misunderstood the gentleman. As one
of his remedies he proposed to allow a draw-
back. That is just what we propose. Although
he would putthe matter in a different form, and
dispense with the passing of the articles through
the custom-house, yet there are good and. suffi-
cient reasons for such a requirement. Nordo
we disagree with regard to allowing ship stores
to be taken out of bond free of duty for the use
of our vessels on foreign voyages. The points
of disagreement between us which are at all
substantial are in regard to the tonnage duty
and the giving of a bounty. The right to col-
lect a tonnage duty from all vessels arriving in
our ports is clear and unquestionable; the gen-
tleman from New York will not dispute this;
and it is nobody's business but our own what
we do with the money thus collected. We place
it in the United States Treasury. What, then,
if we appropriate in bounties to our own ship-
ping any sum we please, who but our own citi-
zens have the right to complain? Suppose that
that sum in the aggregate should be equal to
the tonnage duties collected ; is that any body's
business but ours?
This committee has considered almost every
conceivable proposition for the revival of our
commerce, and the measures they have reported
are the best that the committee could agree
upon. But show me a better method, and I
am prepared to go for that. I am wedded to
no particular scheme. For myself, I will say
that I am prepared to support any measure
that will effectually restore qur commerce and
add to the strength and honor of the country.
I have already said that I regard subsidies for
new lines as impracticable. To none of the
great commercial countries of the world do we
owe anything; and especially is this the case
with France and England, the countries with
which we have the greatest intercourse, both
our enemies when we were in trouble. I am
disposed to have this country avail itself of
