1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4473
private bankers did not keep an average reserve
of deposits for their business equal to that
required bylaw for these banking associations ?
Mr. GAKF1ELD, of Ohio. I do not sup-
pose there will be an increase to so full an
amount as though there were now no private
bunks; but there will doubtless be an increase
ofdenosits from private boards and from mer-
chants who have not made local deposits
before.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In the firstseetion of the
amendment X find these words:
'Che, bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the
United Suites to secure tho additional circulating
notes herein authorized shall bo of any description
of bonds ot the United States bearing interest in
com.
Would it. not be better, in proposing to organ-
ize nor/ banks, to require them to deposit such
bonds as may hereafter bo authorized, such
bonds as may be provided for in a funding bill
ut, this semon?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
wiil recollect that as this bill was first intro-
duced it provided four and a half per cent,
bonds, and required the new banks to secure
their circulation by depositing those bonds;
but m view of the fact that the Committee of
Ways and Means had lately introduced a fund-
ing bill, we did not consider it necessary to
retain that provision here. When the funding
bill comes up the whole question will be open
for discussion. We provide here for any bonds
bearing interest in gold now in existence or
which may hereafter Be authorized.
Mr. LAW HENCE. When wo create new
banks we can make new terms.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It would be un-
just, to the new banks not to put them upon the
same ground and grant them the same priv-
ileges as the old banks. It would be a ciass
of vassal banks, with unequal privileges. I am
sure such an injustice would create ill-feeling
between the different sections of the country.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
ge;ith*man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the gentleman to say that twenty per
cent, of tho amount deposited in Ihese banks
would have to be reserved in greenbacks, and
therefore this would in effect be so much con-
traction : and yet he states that probably all
of these new banks would be located in the
rural districts.
Mr. GAR FIELD, of Ohio. Not all of them,
but the s;reat majoritv of them.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. ihe
banks in the country are required to reserve
oulv lil'teen percent.; andof that amount three
fifths may consist of balances due from other
hanks. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio._ The gentleman
wiil remember that not all ot these banks will
be located in the country. Of course tue cities
of the West and South will receive a laige
share of tins increase of circulation. And
m banks in all the redemption cities die re-
serves must be twenty-five per cent. Twenty
nor cent, on the whole is a lair average.
* Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A very
large proportion of these banks would _ be in
the countrv, where the reserve required is only
fifteen per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I see the drift
of the gentleman's remarks. I shonlu be very
sorry to see anything become a law that, would
authorise inflation. I do not propose to argue
that matter now, but. merely to state it._
The amendment of which I was speaking was
not reported from the Committee on Ranging
and Currency : but the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Jrnp.j a member of 1,bat committee, was
per'niUed to move it, that the House might
have an opportunity to vote upon it. 1 have
been merely trying to state, us well as 1 could,
the effect of it. T
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
under the impression that the required reserve
in these banks would not exceed ten per cent,
in greenbacks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think I have
understated the total amount of deposits. I
think they would amount to more than $100,-
000,000, and that would probably counterbal-
ance the statement' of the gentleman.
Now, in reference to the third section of the
substitute, itprovidesthatafterthe $95,000,000
shall have been issued, if there be still a further
demand for national bank circulation in States
now having a deficiency, there may bo with-
drawn an amount not exceeding §25,000,000
from States in the East having an excess of cir-
culation ; that amount to be withdrawn from
two classes of banks; first, from those having an
outstanding circulation of over $1,000,000 each
is to he withdrawn the excess over $1,000,000.
That would take about nine million seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars from banks in
Boston, New York, and Baltimore. The bal-
ance of the $25,000,000 will be withdrawn
from hanks having a circulation of more than
$300,000 each, in States having an excess of
circulation. That will be taken from eighty-
four banks situated in Masssachusetts, Con- !
necticut, and Rhode Island. If after the
$05,000,000 has been distributed there shall
be a call for more, then $25,000,000 will be
withdrawn from two classes of banks in the
manner I have suggested.
The fourth section of the bill provides that j
any bank, in a State now having an excess of I
circulation, may remove, with all its rights, ,
privileges, and obligations unimpaired, into a j
State where there is a deficiency. This section !
is precisely as it passed the Senate. ;
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. Would !
not such banks be commonly known as carpet- ;
banks 1
' Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think not. j
They would bo compelled to locate with all the j
conditions and under all the guards and obli- ;
gations that surround other national banks. !
Wo are frequently providing by special act for ;
tho removal of some bank to another loca- j
tion. This section permits a class of banks, J,
under peculiar circumstances and within limited j
restrictions, to change their location.
Mr. BENTON. 15y the fourth section of j
the Senate bill free banking is provided upon ,
condition of depositing national bonds, and j
redeeming their circulation in gold. Is there j
anything in the substitute corresponding to
that provision? I am in favor of it, and we
would like a bank upon those conditions,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In consequence j
of objections urged in the House, and not ;
because the committee were willing to leave
those provisions out, they have been omitted
from the bill. I am myself in favor of free
banking on a gold basis; and in tho report of
a committee of conference between the two
Houses we may have an opportunity to test,
the sense of the House on that point.
I have now stated in brief the provisions ot
the substitute reported hy the committee, and
the amendment offered by tho gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Jvdd.] I wish next to call the
attention of the House for a, moment to (liree
amendments which are pending as additional
sections. If the substitute of the committee,
with or without the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Jit;dd,3 shall prevail,
the three amendments offered as additional
sections will come up for action. The first.,
which is proposed by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] provides that no bank shall pay
interest on deposits made by another hank. I
.will not stop to argue this matter; but it will
be rem etnbered that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his annual report, calls ^attention to
the fact that the banks of New York are now
receiving interest on the deposits of other na-
tional banks, and recommends that the prac-
tice be forbidden. The western banks send
their surplus deposits to Now York, where they
receive interest upon them; and thus the coun-
try is drained of currency much more than it
would be if such interest were not allowed.
Without discussing the question, I simply
call attention to the purpose to be accom-
plished by the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa.
The next amendment is that offered by my
colleague ou the committee, [Mr. Bubohakd.]
It is, that when the banks receive the gold on
their coupons from the bonds now deposited
in the Treasury, to secure their circulation, the
gold or gold certificates tlius accruing shall be
placed in the vaults of the banks as a part of
their reserve. This would have the effect of
strengthening tliobrnks preparatory to resump-
tion, and also of liberating greenbacks, and to
that extent would increase the active circu-
lation of the country. It may be said, ou the
other band, that to lock up this large amount
of gold would tend to increase the premium.
But it seems to me that the provision is a wise
one, as tending to strengthen the banks and
preparing them to redeem their notes in gold.
The proposition nextsubmittedis the amend-
ment of my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobuen,] to
issue $44,000,000 of greenbacks to replace the
three per cent, certificates. I hope.we shall
not authorize a further inflation by the issue of
§44,000,000 additional greenbacks. This prop-
osition in its naked form we have voted down
this morning by a decided majority, and I hope
it will be voted down again.
I now call attention to tlie general course
of debate on this bid, and to some of the
doctrines announced.
Our Democratic friends do not seem to be
ready to lead the country into green pastures
and "beside the still waters of financial peace.
The distinguished gentleman from New York,
my colleague on the Committee on Banking
and Currency, [Mr. Cox,] said:
"It is ray deliberate judgment. after much study,
that all your measure?, even your most matured, aro
mere midteslnlts, cowardly, timid, baiting devices to
avoid tho one 'hcroio remedy,' wliicli this Congress
has not had the skill or courage to npply, to wit,
resume specie payments. You owe it to the peoplo
to give them back their sold and silver."
This bold declaration roused the enthusiasm
of some of his Jacksonian and old bullion
colleagues; and a little scene, touching and
dramatic, took place in tho neighborhood of the
orator, who continued his speech as follows:
"Ah ! T sco that Pennsylvania has its ear open.
[Jud"o Woodward bowed to the Speaker: and idr,
(j-xtz, of Pennsylvania, approached the seat or Mr.
Cox, presenting him two gold twenty dollar pieees.j
"Alr.Gc'rz. Hero is the Domoeratioenrreney wtncli
Pennsylvania loves and lonas after. LLaughter.]
"Mr. Cox. I hear us chink. I see its beauty. 1
know it is precious. [Laughter.] It reminds m© of
the better day of (ho Ttepublic, when the peoplo
knew what they had to 4 deal with.'"
But this sweet vision of peace and unity van-
ished when my Democratic colleague from the
Mt. Vernon district [Mr. Morgan] took the
floor. Turning to his specie-paying friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] he said, scornfully :
"Sir, this talk of returning to a specie basis while
this debt hangs over us is a. uicruuUcat, set afloat tor
the express purpose, of doceiviu? the people."
Jlisuig in his noble rage above party, lie
denounced not only Congress, but; the late
Democratic Administration for having reduced
the currcncy in 1SCG and onward. lie said:
" And all this, sir, has been done in tho interest of
banker and bondholder, and to the injury of tho
people. Why? JSccaute scarcity ot currency maites
high interest and high rents, with low wa^es for the
workman and low prices for the farmer.'
Let us all stand rebuked for not having dis-
covered before this how, cruelly the people
were wronged in having the volume of their
paper money reduced in 1S65, when its whole
i amount was only nine hundred million dollars -
! But my colleague was not content with re^
> buking evil. He determined to show himself
1 the chief champion of the people, by relieving
them of one of their most troublesome necessi-
i ties, that of paying taxes. He therefore iQtro-
t duced a bill, which the House voted on jester*
