1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
enceto the property which is to be purchased
wilh their own money, and while I am satisfied
this is one of the best provisions which coald
be adopted, I agree with the Department that
it is almost impossible to carry it into effect.
And I do not particularly object to the proviso
being struck out, because I am satisfied under
the present administration of Indian affairs
property will not be forced on these Indians
which they do not want; but they will be
allowed to say for themselves what kind of
property should be bought for them out of
their own money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to insert the fol-
lowing after the word '• dollars" in the same
paragraph:
Provided, That this tribe shall be included among
tho Sioux of Dakota for such further ossistancefrom
the appropriation to the Sioux of Dakota as the
President of the United States may direct.
Mr. Chairman, the Yancton tribe of Sioux
are included among the Sioux of Dakota, men-
tioned on pages 44 and 45 of the bill, and for 1
whom an appropriation of $750,000 is made.
It is thought without such an amendment as
this I have proposed no portion of that appro-
priation could be expended for the bqpefit of
this branch of the Sioux Indians. If my amend-
ment be adopted it will be left to the discretion
of the President of the United States to include
the Yancton Sioux among the Sioux of Dakota j
and to expend such portion of the $750,000 j
as he may deem necessary and expedient for |
the use of these Yancton Sioux. I
Mr. SARGENT. There were separate esti-
mates for the Yancton tribe, and for other
tribes which were not included in treaty stip-
ulations. I do not believe in selecting the
Yancton iribe, and, after the whole amount
guarantied by the treaty is given them, putting
them in the former appropriation and making
them share the benefit of the money appro-
priated to the Indians with whom there is no
treaty stipulation in existence. With the Sionx
of Dakota and Sioux of different tribes there
was a treaty which is abrogated which would
have given them $1,500,000. We propose to
give them $750,000, which is not a dollar more
than the Deparment needs to take care of
those twenty-two thousand Indians, and to
endeavor to briug them in some degree into
the habits of civilized life. This Yancton
tribe, with whom there is a treaty, was not
treated with by the peace commission. There
are twenty-five hundred of them, and we pro-
pose to expend for their benefit the sum of
$40,000, and in my judgment that is sufficient.
But whether it is sufficient or not, they ought
not to be put in with these other tribes who
are as distinct, except in name, on all our
records in the book of estimates, as any tribe
of Indians can be. I hope, therefore, that
this amendment, in the shape in which it i&
put, will not prevail. If it is said that these
Yanctons have not enough nnder this bill; if
it is the judgment of the House that more
money should be paid them, then let us make
an additional appropriation distinctly for them
on its face, and not give them a share of the
appropriation made lor other tribes.
Mr. CONGER. I had not finished my re-
marks. I thought the gentleman from Califor-
nia merely rose to ask a question, and I will
now proceed with what I had intended to say.
On page 44 an appropriation is made to the
Sioux of Dakota and Sioux of different tribes.
These include the Yancton tribe of Sioux, and
I say here from the best information in ray
possession that the amount appropriated at
page 44 of $750,000 will give to the remaining
Sioux of Dakota and of the other tribes a
larger proportion of money than the $40,000
appropriated at page 52 will give to the Yanc-
ton Sioux. Allow me to say here, for the in-
formation of the committee, that the Yancton
Sioux are almost the only portion of the whole
Dakota Sioux that during the Indian troubles
on her frontier stood firmly by oar Govern-
ment between the unfriendly Sioux and the
border settlements. They are partially civil-
ized ; they have had treaties made with them ;
they have been making some progress in agri-
culture ; and yet the paltry amount provided
for them in this section is barely enough to feed
them with corn, giving them nothing else to
support their lives during the winter. And
this has been the case for years past.
Now, will it be said that because the treaty
gives them $40,000 they are to be limited to
that amount, and that they are not to be included,
if the President Bees fit, among those who are
to receive the $750,000 voted by this House
for the Sioux of different tribes ? Knowing
something of this matter, from having made
particular inquiry in regard to it of many who
aro acquainted with it familiarly, I thought it
should be left to the discretion of the President
whether a part of the $750,000 should be ex-
pended for the benefit of these Indians over
and above the appropriation made here. And
feeling this I have offered the amendment
which is now before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I aak that the amendment
be read.
The amendment was reported by the Clerk.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
We have passed a paragraph which makes an
appropriation for the Sioux of different tribes.
This amendment affects an appropriation
already acted upon. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules 1
the point of order. It is made too late when
it ia made after the amendment has been dis-
cussed. |
Mr. SARGENT. I believe this is the first .
time it has been read at the Clerk's desk. j
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, so that I [
may be enabled to make a remark or two. If
I understand the proposition of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] its object is to
allow this Yancton tribe of Sioux to share in
the general fund which is appropriated for all
the Sioux tribes. If that be the nature of the
amendment I think it is a proper one to be put.
I want to call the attention of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] to the relative
situation and location of these tribes. I be-
lieve that all of these Sioux tribes are now
very near each other. These Yaacton Sioux are
on one side of the Missouri river, and the other
tribes of Sioux are on the other side, located
very near together. Now, the proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan is to allow the
Yancton tribe of Sioux to share in a portion
of the $750,000 given to the Sioux generally.
I think it is a just provision, and especially
so if the $750,000 will purchase more articles
in proportion than the amount appropriated
here for the Yancton Sioux. If that should be
the case, of course the Yancton Sioux would
become dissatisfied. If the $750,000 is Wore
in proportion than the $40,000 appropriated
for the Yancton Sionx I see no reason why
the Yancton Sioux should not have a portion
of the excess; and if there is no excess, of
course the $40,000 will satisfy that tribe. I
do not believe that this friendly tribe should
receive less than tribes which have been at war,
simply because many years ago we made a
treaty with them. I think some modification
should be made so as to place these Indians
w|io are very near together upon the same
platform with reference to appropriations.
I want to say one word further before I con-
clude. I think that by some provision of this
bill, or of some other bill, these treaties ought to
be abrogated entirely, so that we will not have
from year to year estimates made under them.
We are placing the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs in a false position. He is compelled
to estimate for appropriations under all treaties
that remain upon the statute-book; but when
his estimates come here the House refuses to
appropriate money under certain treaties, and
cuts down the estimates of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. Now, in order to prevent
any estimates being made under these treaties
we should see that they are absolutely- abro-
gated. I do not know but that there may be
some provision here that abrogates them, but
there ought to be some provision showing that
these appropriations are outside and independ-
ent of treaties, and that those treaties are not
regarded by the House as binding.
Mr. SPINK. I am heartily in favor of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] and entirely agree
with him that this tribe has always been friendly
to the whites. In fact, when we had Indian
troubles in Dakota, the Yancton Sioux stood
like a wall of fire between the white settlers on
the one side and the hostile Indians on tho
other. They killed more hostile Indians dur-
ing that Indian war than General Sully's whole
army did, and I have no complaint to make of
General Sully. I do not know whether that
will be in their favor in this House or not. I
am not sure but that they will be blamed for
doing it. There seems to be a sympathy here
for the Indians slaughtered in these wars. But
whether that is conceded to them as a merit
or not, in 1858 they made a treaty with the
General Government by which they ceded to
our Government millions of acres of valuable
farming lands. It is a fact very well known in
my Territory that these friendly Indians are
almost starving at a time when the wild, hos-
tile Indians, with whom a recent treaty was
formed, which this House does not propose to
carry out,are well fed and clothed. The Yanc-
ton Sioux ask why it is that they, who have
always been friendly to the whites, and have
always fought for them and with them when it
was necessary, are starving,while those Indians
who have been fighting the Government within
the last two or three years are well fed and
clothed. They think it very strange that they
are not as well cared for by the Government
as the hostile Indians are. For that reason I
am heartily in favor of this amendment.
Mr. BECK. I might agree with the gentle-
man from Dakota [Mr. Spink] that this amend-
ment was proper, but for the fact that, in my
judgment, these Indians ore covered by the
provision already made for the Dakotas and
Sioux of various tribes. There is nothing to
prevent the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
from appropriating for the purposes of the
Yancton Sioux such portion of the appropri-
ation as he may see fit. You will find the pro-
vision under the head of "Sioux of Dakota,
and Sioux of. different tribes." It is as fol-
lows:
For this amount, to be expended in goods, pro-
visions, and such other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof; in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits; in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance; care for and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm; for the hetpleslr-orphans
of said Indians; and in any otlrar reipoct to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
$750,000.
Mr. SPINK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. I will.
Mr. SPINK. If the case is as the gentle-
man has stated, what possible objection can
there be to adopting this amendment so as to
make it certain?
Mr. BECK. I do not know that there is any
particular objection to it, except that it is bo
plain now that I cannot see any use in insert-
ing this amendment. Under the treaty to which
allusion has been made we are obliged to make
an appropriation, of which these Indians will
receive the benefit. Under the second article of
that treaty, which will be found in volume eleven
of the Statutes-at-Large, page 744, we are com-
pelled to pay to them, or to expend for their
benefit, the sum of $55,000 per annum for the
first ten years after the ratification of that
treaty, and then $40,000 a year for the next
ten yearB thereafter. We are now in the second
-series of ten years, and are making this appro-
priation of $40,000 nnder that provision of the
