2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
united states courts.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(II. K. No. 1751) to provide for fixing the
times for holding the terms of the district and
circuit courts of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
TAX ON BRANDY.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1752) imposing a tax on brandy distilled
from apples, peaches, and grapes, and regulat-
ing the distillation thereof; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
llOCND VALLEY RESERVATION.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1753) providing for a sale of the surplus
lands of the .Bound Valley Indian reservation
in California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
joiin spangler.
Mr. MeGRIiW" introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1754) for the relief of John Spangler; which
was read a first and second time, and, with t he
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
i'ost rou'th in wisst virdlnla.
Mr. WITCH lilt introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1765) to establish a post road from Browns-
town to Payette Court-IIouse, West Virginia ;
■which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Oommilteo on the Post Office
and Post iloads.
kansas land grant.
Mr. CLARKK, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. K. No. 17f>fi) granting lands to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction of a rail-,
road and telegraph line from Fort Scott, Kan-
sas, in the direction of Santa E6, New Mexico,
and to dispose of the lands granted to actual
settlers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
burlington and missouri rivkr railroad.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (II. It. No.
1757) to authorize the Burlington and Missouri
ltiver Railroad Company or its assigns to
change the established line of said road in the
State of Nebraska; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
WILLIAM IVKIiiS.
Mr. 0IIAVI3S introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1758) for tho relief of William Ivers; which
was road a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
AGRICULTURAL COLLECIK.
Mr. CrARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1750) t,o aid in found-
ing an agricultural college in Washington Ter-
ritory ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
MARBLE CREEK HYDRAULIC COMPANY.
Mr. G'ARFIBLDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1700) to incorporate
the Marble Creek Hydraulic Company; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
COLOMBIA STEAM FERRY COMPANY.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1701) to incorporate
the Columbia River Steam Ferry Company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
settlement of a claim.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1702) to authorize the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to settle a claim now barred by limit-
ation ; which was read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying papers, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
post route in dakota.
Mr. SPINK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1703) to establish a post route in the Ter-
ritory of Dakota; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The call of Stales and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during tho morning hour is the
call of States and Territories, for the introduc-
tion of resolutions for consideration at this
time, beginning with the State of North Car-
olina, where the call rested at the expiration
of the morning hour on Monday last.
CISLIiliRATION 01-' l'lFTUUNTU AMENDMENT.
Mr. COBR, of North Carolina, submitted
the following resolution, upon which he called
the previous question:
Itesolmt. That the 11:1.1! of tlio llouso of jRepro-
sentatives bo granted to tho colored people of the
District of Columbia for tho purposo of holding a
meeting in recognition of tlio ratification of tho fif-
teenth amendment, on Wednesday evening, tho 13th
instant, and that this Uouso i'.irl.iciiuito in tho eero-
monies of tho occasion.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 24, noes ;!0; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Conuof North
Carolina, and Mr. McCohmiuk of Missouri,
were appointed.
The llouso again divided, ami the tellers
reported that thero were—ayes 7(>, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentloman will state
his point of order.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
an application was made a few days ago for the
use of this Hall, and it was refused under a
rule of this House. Does this resolution come
within the rule?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
Itule 155. The Hall of the House shall not ho umv!
for any other purpose than the legitimate business
of the House, nor shall the Speaker entortain any
proposition to use it for any other purpose, or for tho
suspension of this rule: Provided, That this shall not
interfere with the performance of divine service
therein, under tho direction of tho Speaker, or with
tho use of the same for ca ucus meetings of tno mem-
bers, or upon occasions where tho llouso may, by reso-
lution, agreo to tako part in any ceremonies to bo
observed therein.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution is worded,
the Chair is compelled to rule that it is in order;
although should it bo adopted the Chair will
expect the House to instruct him in what way
the House will tako part in the proceedings
contemplated.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were thirty-eightin the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of thelastvote) theyeas andnayswereordcred.
The question was then taken and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 55,
not voting 58; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Beaman, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Booker, Boyd, George J\f. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke. Ainasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Oobnrn,
Conger, Covodo, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Dcjrcner,
Dickey, Dockery, Dyer, Fai nsworth, Ferry, i''ini;~
elnbum. Hamilton. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hea.ion,
Hoar, lloge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Judd, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridgc, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeCrnry, McGrow, McKee, Mereur, Eli-
akim II. Moore, William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paino, Palmer, Poroo, Peters,
Phelps. Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Hoots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seofiold, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather. Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Strong, Taffe. Tanner, Townsend. Twichell. Tyncsr,
Upson, Van Horn,Van Wyek, William B. Washburn,
Wolker, Whitmoro, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witoher—-112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Aroher, Axtell,
Beck, Bird. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dixon, Eldridse, Perriss, Gib-
son, Griswold.IIaldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, •
Hawkins, Dolman, Jenokes, Johnson, Kerr, Ivnapp,
Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McKonaie, MoNcoly,
Morgan, Mungon, Niblack, Potter, Itandall, Head-
ing. lloeves, Sehenck, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stono, Swann, Swee-
ney. Trimble, Va,n Anken, Van Trump, Cadwatadcr
C. Washburn, Uugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and
W oodward—55.
NOT.voting—Messrs. Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
toy, ij u v 11 e , ± i.iiiw, j ii-vh, x'ya, v.nn in, m,
Get/.. Gilfillan,llaight. Hays, lleflin, Hill, Ingorsoll,
Alexander H. Jonos, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kctoliam, Lafiin, Logan, Lynch, Mayham, Milnes,
-Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, Morrissey, Piatt, Poland,
Kioo, Ridgway, Sanford, Schumaker, Porter Shel-
don, Stiles, Stoughton.Strador, Strickland, Tillman,
Voorhoos, Ward, Wells, Wheeler, and Wood—08.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. MAYHAMsaid: During the absence of
Mr. strickland, of Michigan, i have agreed to
pair with him on ail party questions, and he
may regard this as such a question.
The resolution was accordingly adopted.
Mr, COBB, of North Carolina, moved tore-
consider the vote by which tho resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOCKERY submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Hcsolved, That tho Speaker appoint asolectcom-
mitteo of fivo to make neoessary arrangements for
partioipating in tho celebration of the ratification
of tho fifteenth amendment on tho evoning of tho
13th instant, and that tho Spoaker ho requested to
preside.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House
upon this subject refers to occasions where tlio
House—not where some of the members may
agreo to attend—but where the House may by
resolution agree to take part, as the House, in
any ceremonies to be observed in the Hall of
thellouso. Unlcsslhe House shall meet as the
House it would not bo competentto direct that
the Speaker shall preside. If the House meets
it must meet as the House, subject to all the
rules of the House, with the Speaker in the
chair.
Mr. DOCKERY. I will modify my reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as modi-
lied, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Speaker of tho House appoint
a select committee of five to make arrangements for
tho House to participate in tho celebration of the
ratification of tho fifteenth amendment on tho even-
ing of the 13th instant.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. ^ I call for the yeas and
nays on tho adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative-—yeas 108, nays 43, not
voting 74; as follows :
VTilAK—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell,Asper, Atwood, Aycr, Beaman,Beatty,Bennett,
Beulon, Bingham, Boles. Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Duck, IJnekley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett. Cessna. Churchill. William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn.
Conner, Covode. Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Degencf.
Dock orv. Dyer. Farnsworih,Perrbs, Kerry, Fiiikoln-
burg, Fisher, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hay, llea-
ton. Hoar, lloge, llotchkiss, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kei eh am. Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,Ma.y-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, MeKoe, Mereur, Bliakim
It. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Mini -
sen, M> ers, O'Neill. Orth, Packard.Packer,Palmer,
Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy,Porter, Prosser,Sargent, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon.
