1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4475
bo lunded at a lower rato of interest I would annu-
ally increaso the issue of curicncy, not by any un-
rensonab'.e inflation, but so that the currency should
only keep pace with the increase of population and
basnet, "withoutany inflation, and then gtadualiy
come to the resumption of specie payments."
Tlii:; offers a pleasant prospect to the Ameri-
can people. He would have us issue $50,-
000,000 now, and afterward make a reasonable
increase annually to keep " pace with the
increase of the population, and then gradually
come lo specie payments!'' How does my
colleague hope to accomplish this? On the
doctrine, that "what goes up must come
down," he must see that thero will come an end
to this process of inflation, and that his resump-
tion will consist iu coming down from high
prices and fluctuating values to the solid basts
of real value, to the money of the world. He
tells us, in conclusion, what would be the out-
come of his plan if continued to the end of the
present century. He says:
"In thirty years from this time our population will ;
reach over a hundred millions, and by the means I
have suggested, at tile close of this century the whole
bonded indebtedness of the country may be taken
up and exist only 111 the form of grccnback currency
ieceiv,ible in payment of all public dues.
" No dollar of tax need be levied on tbe people to
pay the principal of the debt in the mean time, but
it ougrht to bo funded at a lower rate of interest as
speedily as may be found practicable. When the
business and population of tile country will require
the whole debt to exist in the form of cuncncy, if
'^national debt' shall not be 'a national blessing'
it will be nn evil out of which some good at least
may come."
I ask, Mr. Speaker, whether this Congress
will thus, by a new issue of paper money,
poured out upon the country, check the cur-
lent that has been for several months setting
so strongly toward specie payments; check
the downward tendency of gold; check the
gradual subsidence to old prices and solid val-
ues, and thus plunge the country back again
into the uncertainty and confusion that are
inseparable from a redundant and inconvert-
ible paper currency?
This House may well heed the words uttered
by thegentleinan from Pennsylvania [Mr. Rax-
d.ili,] when he said:
" It is shown, to my mind, thatwe now have a suf-
ficient volume of circulation for all business pur-
poses—!. tear, for our own prosperity, too much. We
ceitainly have all that is necessary, "Whenever in
oui putt history we have approached near our pres-
ent amount disaster and bankruptcy have, followed
in the wake, This state of things occurred, as I have
shown, in the years 1837-33 and 1857-53."
1 counsel no act that will depreciate tbe cur-
rency of the country. If this bill, as reported
from the committee, be passed, it will not cause
inflation, but it will relieve the West and South,
and it will remove from the national banks
one of their most odious features, the present
distribution of their capital and circulation.
The West and South are in a condition that
cannot and will not be ignored. They must
have relief. They must have increased facil-
ities for credit. "We cannot give them relief
by the passage of a bill which will redistribute
the circulation by taking it Irom the Bast and
giving it to the West and South, with a serious
shock to business. This House cannot, with
safety or honor, authorize an increase of the
greenback currency. The only safe and prac-
tical mode of relief is to increase the national
bank circulation. Doing this, and getting rid
of the three per cents., as this bill provides,
we shall afford the needed relief. I hope the
bill will pass without the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Jitdd.] I may even feel con-
strained to vote for it with that amendment,
in the hope that in a committee of conference
there may be such an adjustment as will meet
tbe views both of the House and the Senate
anil the wants of the country. _ I now yield
lor a few moments to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
J n>r>.]
Mr. JUDD. I desire first to call the atten-
tion of the House to the amendment offered
by me as the same is printed,-and to state that
it is oulv the fifth and sixth lines of the amend-
ment which I propose to press, namely, to
amend section two by striking out all after the
word "association," in line twenty-three of
the substitute. The phraseology of the sub-
stitute has been so changed by the chairman
[Mr. Garfield] that the balance of the printed
matter is rendered unnecessary, and may be
considered as withdrawn.
I wish to make merely a brief explanation
of my reason for presenting the amendment,
and the effect that it will have upon the pending
proposition, if it should be adopted, without
discussing any general principles or theories
connected with the condition of our circulating
medium. One fact is admitted on all sides,
and that is that the present distribution of the
currency is unjust and unequal and creating a
monopoly in the present existing banks of the
entire paper circulation of the United States.
The chairman [Mr. Garfield] has so fully stated
the particular provisions of the pending bill
that it would be worse than useless for me to
attempt to enlarge upon them.
The House some months ago instructed the
Committee on Banking and Currency, under a
yea and nay vote, to increase the circulating
medium of the country $50,000,000. When
those instructions came to be considered by the
committee the question arose, what did the
House mean? Was it to be a new issue of
greenback circulation, or should the national
bank circulation be increased? A majority of
the committee decided that the instructions
meant an increase in that kind of circulation
which the law and the decisions of the court
construing the laws had declared to be legal.
Legal-tender notes, according to the reasoning
of the Supreme Court, were only justified as a
war measure, a measure of public necessity;
and that with the passing away of the contin-
gency upon which they had been issued the
power ceased, and no new issue of that kind
of paper was authorized by the Constitution.
That court had decided that no such paper could
bo used in tbe payment of debts or obligations
incurred previous to the issuing of such notes.
Hence such notesin their best estate, and when
the power existed for their issuance, are not a
general circulating medium. They are com-
petent to meet one class of obligations, but
not another.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to put a ques-
tion to my colleague. Does he consider that
national bank notes are a legal tender?
Mr. J UDD. I am not arguing that ques-
tion. I am merely ref&rring to our power to
issue new United States legal-tender notes, on
which question we have voted a dozen times
this morning. I say that the Supreme Court,
which in this matter is the authoritative and
controlling power in this land, has declared
that the exercise of that power in issuing legal-
tender notes was a war measure in the first
place, and that this was the only thing that
justified its being done, and that all the various
amendments of the gentleman, [Mr. IXGEit-
soijij,] and which have been voted down this
morning, are in direct conflict with that decision.
Does my colleague desire to involve the people
in further embarrassment and litigation, by
placing before them a class of paper that he
knows no man cau compel his neighbor to
take in discharge of obligations ? Is such action
wise or statesmanlike ? So far from such legis-
lation having such qualities we make ourselves
a party to a deception ; we direct the issue oi
paper that we know a man cannot pay his debts
with unless by the consent of the creditor.
With these views of the law a majority of
the committee decided that a compliance with
the instructions of the House to increase the
circulating medium could only be fairly per-
formed in the way of authorizing an issue ot
national bank notes, Perhaps the committee
was mistaken in that construction of the law
and of the decision of the Supreme Court; and
it is in the power of the House now to correct
that error. *
The committee then attempted to accomplish
that object in a manner as little objectionable
as possible. The Secretary of'the Treasury
had recommended the retiring of thfl three per
cent, certificates. They stood aa a demand men-
ace against his surplus on all occasions, and the
payment of the debt in so far reduced our
interest-bearing obligations. The committee ,
concluded to pay that $45,000,000 and substi-
tute in its place something to aid the commun-
ity in the transaction of business, namely, that
amount of national bank notes. The commit-
tee proposed to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase these certificates and to
authorize the issue of national bank notes to
take their place in the circulation of the coun-
try, and that the amount so issued should be
distributed to those portions of the country
having less than their proportion, thus equal-
izing to some extent the distribution and avoid-
ing the contraction which the payment of the
three per cent, certificates, which were used
to a large extent as the reserves of the banks,
would occasion without issuing any substitute.
After having disposed of these three per
cent, certificates we considered the question of
complying with the instructions of the House as
to the $50,000,000 increase, and they resolved
to authorize that amount of national bank
notes. The committee has been exceedingly
careful never to draw in a dollar until after
its representative had been issued monthly.
The committee directed $50,000,000 more
of national bank notes, in addition to the
$45,000,000, making the $95,000,000, pro-
vided for inseetion one. To avoid an expan-
sion by the increase of this circulation they re-
solved that legal-tender notes should be with-
drawn to the extent of eighty per cent, of that
$50,000,000 issue. I propose, by the amend-
ment which I have offered, to strike out tbe
whole of that part of the section relating to
withdrawal of greenbacks. If gentlemen will
refer to the last portion of section two they
will see that my amendment strikes out all pro-
vision in the bill for withdrawing legal tenders
when these national bank notes are issued.
That is the issue presented by my amendment—-
nothing more and nothing less. Nominally
it appears to be an increase of circulation lo
the extent of $50,000,000. Really and prac-
tically it is not to that amount, as when the
$50,000,000 go into circulation the banks must
keep in reserve the per centage required under
the present law of all banks.
The origin of ail the questions as to redis-
tribution dates back to the wrong, if I may use
that expression, done in the original distribu-
tion of the currency. The committee found
almost insuperable obstacles, connected with
the disturbance of the business of the country,
to a complete readjustment of the circulation.
It is a question of time, it is a question of very
long time, to equalize it by withdrawing and
redistributing, and at the same_ time not dis-
turb seriously the business ot the country.
Here were the States of the South, and some of
those of the West, demanding an increase of
circulation, demanding to be put on equal terms
with those that had obtained the currency m
1864 and 18G5. That could not be done by
simply compelling the monopolists to disgorge,
because to do that would be to disturb the
business of the entire country. To strike at
the business of Now York and New England
would react on the other parts of the country.
The whole extent of this section of the bill is
to distribute $95,000,000 of currency to those
States and Territories which have not their
proportion of circulation under the law. Ihis
$95,000,000 is obtained as before stated.
In addition to this $95,000,000 thecommittee
provides, in the third section, that atter this
i?95,000,000 has been exhausted $25,000,000
shall be withdrawn from those banks in excess
and redistributed, as explained by the chair-
man, [Mr. Garfield.] Thebiil provides alto-
gether for distributing $120,000,000 to the
