1870.
THE5 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1643
Tfae provision already made for the Indians,
which has been referred to, is not more than
is necessary for them.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SPINK. I move to strike out "forty"
and insert "sixty," so as to increase the
appropriation to $60,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted, as it is not in accordance
with the text of the paragraph.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
ArUona:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service intheTerritory of Arizona, presents of goods,
azricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of civil-
iied life, to be expended under the direotion of the
Secretary of the Interior, 870,000.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
add the following:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be given
to the support of able-bodied male Indians, except-
ing as wages at a fair rate for labor performed upon
the reservations, or upon roads or other public works
in said Territory; said labor to be performed under
direction of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
and the Indian agents in the Territory: And pro-
vided fvrther. That $5,000 of said appropriation of
270,000 shall be used for the maintenance of schools
among the Pueblo Indians and upon the reservations
in safd Territory.
Mr. Chairman, I am already on record here
as not opposed to appropriations for friendly
Indians if properly expended. I offer that
amendment because I think a great error in all
our dealings with the Indians has been that
even after we have put them on reservations
when they have been trying to be friendly, and
we have been inclined to treat them liberally,
we have failed to give them employment ? we
have failed to teach them how to labor, and have
snpported them in utter idleness, giving them
presents which could be of no possible benefit
to them, and food without cost. In my own
Territory it has been customary to spend a por-
tion of the annual appropriation on articles
which conld be of no possible use to the In-
dians. And at the same time you will find
scores and hundreds of able-bodied, stalwart,
athletic men, who are capable of performing
the greatest degree of labor, hundreds of Buch
men who do no labor, but spend day after day
and year after year playing at cards or mar-
bles, and various children's games, lounging
in the towns and along the highways. Among
other things once given them was a supply of
jewsharps. And I have had full-grown men
follow me throngh the streets of one of the
towns of that country playing upon these toys.
A gentleman near me says it was a serenade.
If so, it was a serenade of a most novel char-
acter. I would rather they had serenaded me
with the music of the plow, the shovel, and the
pick.
Mr. Chairman, I say it is a great evil of our
system of dealing with the friendly Indians that
we do not give them work and education. It
may be said that they are not inclined either
to work or to study. But if we do not give
them opportunities to work and study what hope
can we have of their future? I believe if this
matter of labor and education had been taken
hold of years ago in the Territory which I
represent we could to-day offer you five thou-
sand laborers to work upon the Southern Pacific
railroad when you give us the benefit of that
great enterprise, which will be absolutely neces-
sary to the development of the new Southwest,
and better calculated than any other that can
be devised to secure the happy settlement of
thig whole vexatious Indian question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.CHAVES obtained the floor, but yielded
his time to Mr. McCormick, of Arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I wish to
say further ou this subject that in places in the
Territory I represent until we had this annual
appropriation for presents there were Indians
who were disposed to do certain kinds of work.
But since these appropriations were given,
when they know they can have their supplies
without cost, they are not inclined to do a day's
labor. I find our new military superintendent
of Indian affairs now advertising for twenty-
four thousand pounds of flour, eighteen thou-
sand pounds of beans, nine thousand pounds
of barley, and eighteen thousand pounds of beef
cattle fit for immediate slaughter and issue.
This is for but a small portion of the annual sup-
{>lies to the Indians many of whom perform no
abor whatever all the year round. Now, I
propose that theselndians, whoare able-bodied
and fit to work, shall be employed at full wages.
I would give them, if necessary, the highest
wages paid in the Territory, and let them know
that they can have work all the time, but that
indolence will not be rewarded, that an idler
cannot fare as well as a laborer.
Mr. BIRD. What will you do with the
tr6&tl6S ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. We have
no treaties with the Indians of whom I now
speak. And even if we have treaties with
Indians I think we are not bound to support
them in idleness. Let them know they will
get fair wages, and with the money earned let
them obtain their flour and beans and meat
and other supplies at the original cost. In this
let the Government protect them, if necessary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But should we not keep
our treaties with them ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. We have
no treaties with the Indiana referred to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Should we not fulfill our
agreements with them ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I believe
we should do so in every instance; but I do
not know that any treaty guaranties to give
them supplies while they remain in idleness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only insist that we
should keep our treaty stipulations with them
as sacredly as we would keep our treaty stipu-
lations with any independent nation, and even
more sacredly.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I think one
great source of trouble has been in our recog-
nizing the Indians and dealing with them as if
they were an independent nation. This was
the fundamental mistake. But I am not dis-
posed for a moment to interfere with existing
treaties which have been well kept. But I
wish to do something to get these Arizona
Indians to labor so that there may be some
hope for them in the future; and I desire also
that they should have the benefit of some sys-
tem of education. I do not ask an additional
appropriation. But I ask that $5,000 out of
this $70,000 should be set aside, for purposes
of education and labor, for the Pneblo and
other friendly Indians in my Territory. Even
among such well known friendly tribes as the
Pimas, Maricopas, and Moquis we as yet have
no schools. I ask no new appropriation, but
that this $5,000 may be put aside for that pur-
pose. Let us try to give them work and to edu-
cate them ; otherwise, as I have intimated, they
will continue in a life of ignorance and license,
and there can be no hope for them in all time to
come that I can see. They will ever be a bur-
den to us. If this system of teaching them to
work had begun years and years ago we might
have had many skilled laborers by this time
among the Indians, and it would not have
been necessary to bring Chinese or any for-
eigners into our Territories for the purpose of
working upon our railroads and other public
works. 1 propose now that they be put to work
upon any labor that may be assigned them by
the superintendent or Indian agents, either
upon the roads in our country or upon their
reservations.
The other day I introduced a bill making
appropriations for the construction of much-
needed wagon-roads in the Territory of Arizona,
for which purpose we have never had a dollar
appropriated since the organization of the Ter-
ritory. We want a direct road connecting the
Territory of New Mexico with the Territory of
Arizona by the thirty-fifth parallel, by which
means the mails can be delivered six or seven
days sooner throughout central Arizona than
they are now delivered. But the Committee
on the Territories did not choose to give a
dollar for that purpose. I say let the Indians
do that work and be well paid for it, if there
is no work for them upon the reservations. Let
them be taught the dignity of labor and that
there can be no true civilization without it.
We can in no way do them a greater kindness,
or better fit them for citizenship if we wish so
to fit them. It will go hard with them at first,
for no Indian likes to work, but it willdo much
to save them from demoralization and vice ; it
will make them valuable, rather than useless
and a constant annoyance and expense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word. _ I heard with some pain a state-
ment in this House the other day attributing
to General Harney a desire and purpose to
murder the women and children of the Indians.
It does him great injustice, and 1 desire to have
read a letter from a member of the Indian
commission which will Bet that question at
rest forever.
' The Clerk read as follows:
W ashington, D. C., February 28,1870.
Deab Sib: During the debate to-day on the In-
i dian appropriation bill General William S. Harney,
! United States Army, was referred to as having, im-
, mediately after his fight with the Sioux Indians
: at Ash Hollow expressed a sentiment justifying tlio
I assassination of women and children in our conflicts
with Indians. The statement does a gross injustice
to General Harney, and has no foundation in fact.
During the years 1867 and 1868 I was associated as
a member of the Indian peace commission with the
veteran general (Harney) of our Army, and heard
him on several occasions express with indignation
and scorn bis condemnation of such an infamous
and cowardly practice.
Speaking of his fight at Ash Hollow he said the
Sioux challenged him to a battle, which he accep ted,
and soon bad the advantage, having succeeded in sur-
, rounding them, shutting them up in a deep ravine,
i Word was brought to him that onerof his subordinate
: officers bad fired upon and murdered some Indian
women and children, whom the Indians had left at a
distance, not dreaming they would be molested by our
troops. This enraged the general very much, and
be immediately withdrew nis command from the
ravine and allowed the surviving Indians to escape
unharmed. He caused the arrest and preferred
charges against his subordinate, and shortly after,
with a small escort, proceeded to the Sioux camp
and made a treaty with them.
When we met these same Indians they confirmed
the above statement, admitted that the General
could have killed them all, and thanked him for'
permitting them to escape.
General Harney has had fifty years' experience
with the Indians, being actively engaged in the
Seminole, Black Hawk, and Sioux wars. He fre-
quently declared that he never knew an Indian to
violate his plighted faith and the rites of hospitality,
lie considered them as brave as any people in the
world. The only ground for considering them cowards
is their guerrilla warfare which they are compelled
to adopt. They would be fools to rely upon any
other system.
Colonel Kit Carson testified before a member of
the Indian peace commission that for forty years
he had been among the mountain and plains Indians,
and bis evidence as to their faith corresponds with
that of General Harney. My own experience among
them, though limited to a few years, confirms the
truth of the above.
If any one is disposed to question the correctness
of the above statement concerning General Harney
I would refer them to him, to his official reports, and
also to the report of the Indian peace commission
of January 7. 1868, signed by Generals Sherman,
Harney, Terry, Augur, and Sanborn, Senator Hen-
derson, Commissioner Taylor, and myself, which
practioally exonerates the Indians from all crimin-
ality for wars up to date, it being found that they
never were the first to violate treaties and never
engaged in war against us except for just cause.
Yours, truly, S. F. TAPPAN.
Hon. Benjamin F. Butler.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Chairman, I know
this S. F. Tappan well. He was formerly a
resident of Colorado. I have nothing to say in
reply to his letter; only to treat him and it
with the contempt they merit. It is a volun-
teer statement from one of the somewhat noto-
rious "peace commission," who seem to have
"Indian on the brain," and who appear to have
less knowledge of Indian character and less
sympathy for white men, women, and children
| than any class of professed philanthropists of
! the day. True, I did not hear General Harney
l! utter the words I quoted, but there is no front-
