1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Cleveland.
Ho. oi? Reps.
a cariosity, and deserves to be read a second
time:
" The evidence of a nation's prosperity is found,
not in tho amount of its surplus to sell, but m the
ability of its people to eat up and use up all their
earnings."
I have changed the words a trifle, but the
meaning is precisely the same. A wise man—
"a Daniel come to judgment! yea, a Dan-
iel!" If he can find me a Pennsylvania
farmer stupid enough to agree with him I
shall be almost tempted to vote i'oi the national
education scheme of Bepresentative Ho.vn, of
Massachusetts, with an amendment that it be
tried first in Pennsylvania.
Mr. Moerell treats the lamentable check
upon the prosperity of the country in a spirit
of levity and sarcasm, as follows:
"An Axtomulinv Discovery.—TheComimssloner, in
citing 'some of the results which have flowed from
the restriction placed upon the expansion of our
domestic industries'reters to the elfectot the tank
on school-children in Maine 1 'J?lie astounding state-
ment, is made, and supported, too, by figures that
cannot lie, that there has been an actual decrease m
the number of school-children in that Slate trom
I860 to 1869, and this is caused by a protective tariff.
This is startling. The Commissioner is strongly ol
this opinion, tor ho descants upon the discovery at
length. In fact, this is one of the strong points in
liis letter. Hereafter, when tho medical authorities
and medical and literary journals ot l*ew lingland
undertake their peilodieal examination into the
causes of the limited increase of tho population ot
their section, a quotation or two from this Jotter ot
the Special Commissioner will best answer tuoir
anxious inquiries."
Mr. Morrell may well exclaim that it is an
'•astounding statement." If the laws are such
that they have destroyed the prosperity of a
whole State the fact is in reality astounding ;
and what shows the prosperity of our eastern
States with more certainty than the ability ot
the parenls to keep their children at school?
But what do monopolists like Mr. Morretx
care for the education of tho children of the
laboring classes?
Mr. Mokeellnext encounters the "farmer's
question,'' and he finds his match in Mr. \Vells's
unanswerable arguments. He wanders all oyer
it in a dreamy state and winds np by declaring
that the farmer will get more for his crop this
year " under tlie influence oi various European
advices and from other causes." He finds no
'inswer to Mr. Wells's fcttiteroent tl)£ifc one huu*
dred bushels of wheat in 1859 purchased more
articles for the farmer's use than the same one
hundred bushels purchased in 1869, when the
Wells report was prepared, showing that the
farmer's crop is not as useful to him now as it
was ten years ago.
Upon the same dav that Mr. Morbmx prints
his speech in the (ilobe, with the following
notice, of the President and Secretary of the
Treasury,
"Men of practical sense, like the President and
the Secretary of the Treasury, who hope to see our
flreigniadeLdvess decreased and a resumption and
continuance of specie payments madcpossible, c^n ^
not see the wisdom of such revenue re.orm as thn>
and will not sanction it,
the President sends in a special message rec-
ommending the purchase of loreign-built iron
ships. Had the President's message been sent
in a day earlier Mr. Morretx would not have
used the "practical sense" in that connec-
tl0One of tho principal and avowed objects of
Mr Mokreij/s eleven columns was to show
that the Democratic party is a free-trade party
and that the Republican party is piedgecl to
protection; and he spends much time, by
quotations from the Free Trader and other
liberal publications, to show their approval ot
th^ minority report; for all of watch 1 thank
him I was not before aware that it was so
widely known and so highly appreciated; and
in order that the position taken on the ques-
tion of free trade may be understood I quote
from the minority report, again Irom that poi-
tion "not covered by the signature of the late
Commissioner:"
"Wo therefore affirm, that the report of tho major-
ity of tho committee proves that they have the most
limited and insufficient idea of what constitutes the
manufacturing interests especially confided to their
attention, and that in challenging the right of the
Special Commissioner to indicate a general system
of taxation based upon tho least possible interfer-
ence with and disturbance of industry, they have
assumed the general acceptance by the people ot the
United States of a policy called 'high protective,'
but which is in fact a system of interference and of
privation.
"Tho minority have no tariff theorj.es to promul-
gate, but claim that they could produce arguments,
in good faith, that would, roverso both the theories
of jibschito 'free trade* and of'high protection.
Wo know that under asystem of absolute free trade
many items of manufacture would continue to> suc-
ceed in this country against the competition of for-
eign labor, mainly because of the superior intelli-
gence ot the American mechanic; but wo also know
that very many industries would bo destroyed by
absolute free trade, and more especially since civil
war has increased tho taxes of tho country so im-
mensely, and habits of extravagancoin expendituie
have so grown upon the party in power, and burdens
have been imposed upon the people of a character
so extraordinary, in tho frantic efforts ot our Secre-
tary of the Treasury 10 pay off the public debt, so
soon after the close of the war, at the verv moment
when our manufacturing interests and all our na-
tional industries, greatly exhausted and still stag-
gering under iho weightof these burdens, were look-
ing for relief to this Congress, and asking that the
debt might bo carried forward till they could gather
tho strength to meet it; the miuoiity of your com-
mittee olaim that a,I suoli a time absolute free trado
would destroy competition, by runnng American
manufactures and giving up ourmarkels to English,
JbVench, and German capitalists ior the particular
artiolos in which each arc known to oxcel/'
The above is the nearest to "free trade" of
anything contained in the minority report, and
it does not appear to 1110 that, approval of it
commits any man or any party to unqualified
free trade, but it does commit them to a tariff
reform, and that is what we need and what we
must have. It is what (he people demand, and
if Mr. Morrell and his friends can lorce the
Republican party to avow itself against such
a reform the success ot the Democratic party
will be assured. The Republican party could
not have succeeded in I860, even under the
peculiar circumstances then existing in its
favor, if it had avowed such tariff doctrines as
Mr. MoiutKMj fastens upon it now. Hon. Jour.
F. Aspeu, of Missouri, in his tariff speech de-
livered March 28, 1870, states that the Repub-
lican party pledged itselt in its plaiioi'mol I860
to a revenue tan if with but incidental protec-
tion. lie says:
"Thisresolution placed theRcpublican party, then
organized as a national party, squarely upon t.io
ground of adjusting- our tarjifs upon the basis ot rev-
enue, allowing such incidental protection to ait ttie
industries of tho country as sucu a tariff woulu gi\c,
nothing more/''
He then argues that the paity has changed
the tariff till it has become unequal. He says:
"And in view of these burdens and the inequality
of the adjurtment of our taritls since Ui c conclusion ol
the war, in view of tho internal taxation and the
tn^ation by means ot impoit duties, the national
Republican convention in 1868 gave its attention to
the qaouoii, nnd adopted aresoluhon winch i send
to the de4c to be rend.
"The Clerk read as follows:
" 4 Jlcsohition jVo. -i.
"'It is duo to the laborof tho nation tluat taxation
should be equalized and reduced as rapialy a.s the
national faith will permit.'
"Mr Asfet?. Now, sir, tne labor of ike countrj i->
looking to us for relief, lo our party, to know it we
intend to keep this pledge.'
Mr. Asrsn, in the above extract, encounters
Mr. Mourell when he declares that there is
"taxation by means of import duties." Has
not Mr. Morrem- told us, in the semi-graed-
iloquer.t, semi-sarcastic style of the little Johns-
town editor who wrote that part of his speech,
that taxation by means of import duties is
impossible? I'feel a further sympathy for
Mr. Asruu in his struggle to compel his party
lo redeem its pledges. He will find his labor
wasted, and he will lose caste with his own
party. It never has kept its pledges, and it
never will. The great body sf the party would
keep faith, but its leaders are in the way. By
the honest indignation of Mr. Aspisb we see
that his party pledged itself in 18(30 to;a tariff
for revenue with but incidental protection, ex-
actly my own position and that of Mr. Wells;
and again in 18G8, Mr. Aspf.r's party pledged
itself, to revenue reform and the reduction of
taxation, and it was trusted but to deceive
the farmers and mechanics of the country a
second time.
Mr. Moerell flaunts at the head of his
speech tho words, "the position of parties."
Does he desire his party to play the old game
in 1872? Will it be trusted by the people under
any such pledge a third time? I do not believe
the farming interests will be deceived by the
" position of parties " any longer. I believe
the farmers of the West will repudiate the
Republican party even as it has twice repu-
diated its own pledges to them.
Said Hon. Burton C. Cook, one of Mr.
Morbuix'k own party friends from Illinois, on
the 23d of March last, in his speech in regard %
to the favorite scheme of a home market for
all our products—
"The time will never come wbon wo will have
manufacturers enough to consume all tho surplus
food of tho country, and yet who will manufacture
no more Koods than can bo profitably consumed in
the coimtiy. The sclieineof providing' a homo mar-
ket tor all the food that can he profitably laised iu
this immense agricultural country, tho greatest ex-
tent ot lertde land m tho world, as yet new and
unmoved, is a delusion and a snare, as the price ol
gram to-dayimdcr tho present tariff demonstrates.'
Again, another party friend of Mr. Mor.-
bell, lion. E. A. Ston-s, who dcsciibed him-
self as a "consistent slicker to the llepub-
lican party from the time it was firstborn into
existence down to to-day," in a speech made
at a revenue reform meeting held in Farwell
Ilall, Chicago, April 1870, declared that—
"You might as well, my feUow-eit.iaons, under-
take to warm your l-oom by heatingyour thermome-
ter as to substantially encourage, labor and extend
prosperity by paying bounty to laborers.
"As trade is acivilixer, let us extend it. j hopo
to «ee the time come when American genius. stimu-
lated by the force of neee^ary competition, will
a^ain covcr all the seas with the whiio sails of its
eoimncrcc, a^ it did in tho years that are gono. _ i.
hope to see the time, not far distant, when ihe cir-
cuit of their influence, shall be coiupleted ; when tho
libers of our commerce fhall be hO extordetl that
they shall be intimately interlaced with tho late ot
kingdoms: and when, after having iairly reached
tho highest suurnit of national i cuovvn and national
glory, the«eniusof our institutions shall represent
treedoin of speech, freedom of opinion, ireo men,
free soil, froo trade. {.Applause."']
If Mr. Mokrell wants more I can produce
abundant evidence to show that the revenue
reform movement is spreading in his own party
as well as in mine, and it is becoming more
and more evident that the man or party setting
its face against that reform must go under.
The more success Sir. Mohmll has in show-
ing the "position of parties'' on this question,
the better I shali be pleased, for if he can suc-
ceed in getting the car of the western farmers,
he will surely lose the western States to his
party.
Mr. MoRRiix.t/says that we, the Democratic
minority of the Committee on Manufactures.
" lookwithgladsomeeyesupon tlietaximposad
on his (the poor man's) tea and coffee and
sugai ; that foreign goods, which compete with
his own labor, ma}' be imported iviiJiout tax.
The reduction of tho tax on lea and coffee,
the only articles we do not, produce, will be—
On tea J3.MO.OM
On colloe  4,6Jd,0U)
Total reduction .
 43,100.001
This was done to meet and satisfy the clamor
for a reduction ot the taxes, fs a help to the
poor man and the iarmer. But the tux was
