1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Strong, Taffo, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell.Tyner.VanHorn,
VanWyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheel er.Whitmore, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, Winans, and Witoher—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Bird. James
Brooks, Burr, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Diekinson, Dixon,
Eldridge, Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman, Hamill,
Hawkins, Holman, Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr, Knott,
McCormick, McKenzio, McNeely, Morgan, Niblack,
Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rogers, Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Van
Auken,Van Trump, Eugene M. AVilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Benjamin, Biggs, Blair,
Bowen, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cleveland, Cook, Davis, Dickey, Don-
Icy, Dox, Duval, Ela, Pitch, Fox, Garfield,Getz, Gil-
fiUan, llaiglit, Hale, Ilambleton, Hays, Heflin, Hill,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones. Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Knnpp, Laflin, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McGrew, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore,
Morphia, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, IS'egley,
Paine, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter, Rice, Ridg-
way, Roots, Santord. Sehumaker, Porter Shpldon,
WorthingtonU. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stoughton,
Strader, Strickland, Trimble, Upson, Voorhees.
Ward, Wells, and John T. Wilson-74.
So the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER announced as the commit-
tee appoi nted under the resolution just adopted
Messrs. Dockery, Maynard, Allisox, Cox,
and Ei.dridge. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of-privilege.
I beg to say to the Speaker and to the House,
with all respect, that I cannot serve on this
committee except on one condition, and that
is that my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] shall be allowed to give us a little
negro minstrelsy on the occasion of the per-
formance. [Laughter.] I decline to serve
because I do not wish to mix with some people
who may be here on that occasion, though I
have no objection to our colored population.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg the House to ex-
cuse me from serving on the committee. I
make this request unconditionally; I do not
ask any member to take part in that perform-
ance.
Mr. COX. I desire to explain a remark
which I just made. Information has come to
me that this meeting has been gotten up by the
Bowen branch of the colored population in
order to anticipate the celebration of the anti-
Bowen division. I do not wish to be mixed up
with these Republican factions one way or
another ; and therefore I decline to have any-
thing to do with the matter.
The SPEAKER. The question is, will the
House excuse the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] from service on this commit-
tee ?
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The House declines to
excuse the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As this is not a congres-
sional duty, and as there is no obligation upon
me as a member of the House to perform this
service, I will not serve upon the committee.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman now
serving upon two committees? If he is 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I put the matter on the
ground that the duties of my official position
do not require me to render any such service.
It is not congressional duty, and I shall not
render it.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman puts it
on that ground the Chair will be compelled to
overrule the point. Under the rules, when-
ever the House directs a committee to carry
out any of its orders a member appointed is
under as much obligation to serve on that
committee as on any other committee of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall serve if the House
compels mfe to do so.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen may do a,s
they please in regard to service on a commit-
tee, subject to such action as the House may
take in the matter. It is not within the power
of the Chair to excuse any gentleman from
service on a committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know whether
this matter has been disposed of yet or not.
Mr. J UDD. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
the matter is disposed of.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest the considera-
tion of the application to be excused be post-
poned in order to consult the colored gentle-
men to see whether they object. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I think this farce has gone on
long enough in reference to this desecration of
this Hall, against which the gentleman from
Ohio himself voted. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly; I have voted
uniformly against granting the use of this Hall
for any such purpose.
Mr. COX. The gentleman voted against
the resolution, and has no right to criticise us
who voted with him. I stand with him in re-
fusing the use of this Hall for these purposes.
DRAWING FOR SKATS.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a privileged question,
and submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the last resolution of this House in
relation to the drawing of seats by members be
rescinded, and that the Clerk of tho Ilouseon Wed-
nesday, after the reading of the Journal, place in a
box the name of each member and Delegate ol' the
House of Representatives, written on a separateslip
of paper; that ho then procced, in tho presence ot
tho House, to draw from said box, one at a time, tho
said slips of paper; and as each is drawn ho shall
announce thenamo of the member or Delegate upon
it, who shall chooso his seat for tho presont session :
Provided, That before said drawing shall commcnco
the Speaker shall causo every scat to be vacated, and
shall see that every seat continues vacant until it is
selected under this ordor; and that ovory soat, nfter
haying boen selected, shall bo deemed vacant if left
unoecupiedteforo the calling of the roll is iinished.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I thought I was recognized, and stopped
only to inquire whether the other subject was
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rose to a privileged question and submit-
ted the pending resolution.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to have the attention
of the House so they may understand the resolu-
tion. The execution of the order for drawing
seats does not take place until next Wednesday
morning. The only question now is whether
the resolution shall be passed. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it not in order to move
to suspend the rules pending that ?
The SPEAKER. Notpending the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I took the floor and was
recognized before the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
make any privileged motion whatever. He re-^
ferred to another matter. In the interim the
gentleman from Illinois took the floor and
moved the pending resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ If this resolution be
adopted, would it not be in order to rescind it
at any time between this and Wednesday? I
make the point of order.
The SPEAKER. It is proposed to rescind
a resolution adopted during tho present Con-
gress. It has been previously ruled that one
motion to draw for seats is regarded as a ques-
tion of privilege in each session. It may be
rescindable, but no gentleman can claim the
floor on that question more than once during
the session as a question of privilege.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order dur-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
49, noes 85.
Mr. JUDD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Judd and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 100.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1713) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for salaries of United
States ministers for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870; and
An act (H. R. No. 001) declaring the con-
sent of Congress to the erection of a crib iu
Lake Eiie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for
the protection of an inlet for a water-works
tuunel about to be constructed by said city.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I move to suspend
the rules for the House to go into Committee
of the Whole on the special order I wish to
ajk the unanimous consent of the House to an
arrangement for conducting the business of
the House, which I trust will commend itself
to others as it does to my own mind. I beg
to offer the following resolution:
liesoleed, That in the sessions of this House during
the present month and during tho coming month of
May it shall not boin ordor to movo an adjournment
boforo tlic hour of five o'clock p. m.; and there shall
be no session of the Ilouso on Saturday during that
poriod unless specially ordered; but this shall not
bo construed to prevont evening sessions from being
held if the Houso shall so direct.
Mr. DAWES. 1 object to that. The reso-
lution proposes to cut off one day in each
week, which is to be compensated for merely
by the chance of half an hour each day between
half past four and live o'clock, from the pres-
ent time until June. I submit to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that in the
condition of public business he must not seek
to trammel us by any such rule, but should
allow the pressure of public business to con-
trol every man's sense of duty as to the time
he should remain here. I am satisfied we
shall find it absolutely necessary to hold meet-
ings on Saturday, and I think it would be
exceedingly unwise that by such a resolution
we should cut ourselves off from having meet-
ings on Saturday, whatever may be the state
of the public business. There are five long
appropriation bills kept back by the important
bill in charge of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck ;] and the Committee on Appro-
priations are willing that these bills should be
considered on Saturdays if they can have the
opportunity.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts has been permitted to make
remarks on the resolution, I desire to reply
to him.
Mr. MUNGEN. Before'the gentleman pro-
ceeds I wish to make a parliamentary inquiry,
which perhaps the gentleman can answer. I wish
to kno w whether a resolution of this kind is com-
petent, and by what authority the gentleman
proposes to refuse to the House the right to
adjourn at any time it may think proper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman that that is a right which exists
under a rule of the House, and it is perfectly
competent for the House to suspend the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] in the desire I have for trans-
acting the public business in the most expedi-
tious way. Nor will I undertake to lecture the
House m regard to its duties. Every member
is able to judge for himself on that point. I
need not quote the old proverb, "All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy," for we
