THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 103
give to it something of that attention which
the grandeur of the interest involved requires.
I think, therefore, the suggestion of my col-
league, that this matter be postponed for sev-
eral days, is proper; it is (Inly according to the
ordinary course of business of the Senate, and
it is sustained by manifest reason in this par-
ticular case. I should preferthat the postpone-
ment was till next, Monday, and I will be pre-
cise .in assigning my reason. It is nothing
personal to myself. My friend from New York
said or intimated that if the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wished to be accommodated he
would be ready, of course, to consent to gratify
him. Now, I would not have it placed on that
ground ; I present it as a question of business,
and I as a Senator interested in the decision of'
this business wish to have time in order to pe-
ruse these papers and to obtain that knowledge
which will enable me to decide ultimately on
the case. I have not now the knowledge that
1 desire with reference to the actual condition
of things in Virginia. I am assured by those
in whom I place confidence that in the course
of a few days that evidence will be forthcom-
ing. Will not the Senate receive it; will it
press hastily, heedlessly, recklessly, to a con-
clusion wkich,whenithas reached, it may here-
after lind occasion to regret? Let us, sir, so
act that we shall have hereafter no regrets; let
us so act (hat the people of Virginia hereafter
may be safe, and that they may express their
gratitude to the Congress of the United States
that has helped to protect them.
The Senator from Nevada said that if we
oppose this present bill we sacrifice the Legis-
lature of the State. I suggest to that Senator
that, if we do not oppose (lie bill we sacrifice
the people of the State. What, air, is a Legis-
lature chosen as this recent Legislature has
boon chosen in Virginia, composed ol" recent
rebels still filled and seething with that old
rebel fire, what is that Legislature in the scale
compared with the safety of that great people ?
Sir, 1 put in one scale the welfare of the State
of Virginia, the future security of its large pop-
ulation, historic and memorable in our annals,
and in the other scale I put a Legislature com-
posed of recent rebels. To save that Legisla-
ture the Senator from Nevada presses forward
to sacrifice the people of the State.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, to save
the honor of Congress, 1 ask for action. To
save the consistency of this Congress, I ask for
action. To savo the good cause, I ask for ac-
tion. To save the fifteenth amendment, that
1 believe was passed without the vote of the
Senator from Massachusetts, T ask for action.
No Senator has been able to stand upon this
floor and point <jj^t wherein the people of Vir-
ginia have not complied with all our demands.
-Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator say that
1 did not vote for tho fifteenth amendment?
Mr. STEWART. Was the Senator present
when it passed V
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I was. I am al-
ways present.
Mr. STEWART. Then I stand corrected ;
but to be entirely sure about it, I ask the Sec-
retary to get, the record that it may be exam-
ined. My recollection is that the Senator did
not, vote for it, but f may be mistaken. At all
events he did not advocate it.
Now, if Virginia is excluded, if the organ-
ization effected there is broken up, you have lost
the vote of Virginia for the fifteenth amend-
ment; you have broken your faith with that
people ; you have sent therh back to another
election; you have broken down those who
have made efforts to carry out your principles,
and then perhaps the rebel element will be
triumphant. In Virginia they have a loyal
Governor elected on a loyal platform, pledged
to all the great truths for which we have been i
contending : and (here is a Legislature elected
on the same platform. No Senator can lind
an excuse for excluding them. Delay is asked
by Senators that they may read papers, and
they say they can suggest points of law and
points of fact; but no law or fact has been sug-
gested or can be suggested going to the merits
of the case. Any delay is to shirk responsi-
bility. Every Senator should have been pre-
pared to act upon this great question.
If, having passed your reconstruction meas-
ures and inVited these people to conform to
them, and they have done so, you say that one
month's examination after it is all done is in-
sufficient, that you must still take time, you
put a weapon in the hand's of your adversaries.
They will say "you have been playing the same
game that the South played before the war,
you are trying to manufacture legislation that
cannot be accepted,'you are acting in,bad faith;
you are playing the old game that was taught
you in passing fugitive slave laws, when it was
declared that they were mixing a dose that the
North could not swallow; they were trying
how not to do it, how to exasperate the peo-
ple." Shall we be reproached in the same
manner, and justly, too? Can we take that
responsibility and shall it be called hot-haste
because we ask for action on a question of this
kind ? If there are rebels in the Legislature,
why did you not provide beforehand that they
should not be there, as suggested by the gentle-
man from Indiana? If you did not intend
that they shouldfparticipate in reconstruction
why did you not say so ? Why invite them
and then exclude them? We cannot occupy
any such position; it will not do to occupy it.
Senators say that the matter has not been
examined. The matter was examined step by
step as it progressed. The reconstruction was
had under your law and under the immediate
eye of the Administration; every question was
submitted to the Administration as to what
they should do from time to time; and the
President has sent us a message stating that
they have complied with our laws in every par-
ticular, he receiving the reports of General
Canby daily as to the condition of things and
hearing all sides of the question. Virginia has
been tried by your own trusted Administration
during the whole of this proceeding for the last
year, and no man has been able to suggest
wherein she has not complied with your laws.
If she rebels to-morrow, if sho tramples upon
human rights to-morrow, she cannot disgrace
us_ by doing it; she will disgrace herself and
bring retribution sure and certain upon herself.
But are we to break the faith of this Govern-
ment because we pledged it to rebels, because
they are rebels? We knew that they were
rebels when wo plighted that faith ; and if we
break it now we shall commit a crime that wo
can never atone for. It will not do ; we must
proceed with this bill, and I shall oppose any
delay and shall ask for action, for I know I am
right.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I cannot per-
ceive any occasion for such hot haste in the pas-
sage of this bill. I do not think we shall break
faith with the people of Virginia if we do not
pass it to-day or to-morrow. I have never lis-
tened to a debate in the Senate since I have
been a member of the body which more clearly
indicated to my mind that the Senate was not
in full possession of the subject. I am in favor
of the postponement of the bill. I am utterly
unable to see upon what ground it can be sup-
posed for a moment that this postponement is
to operate as an exhibition of bad faith on the
part of Congress.
I desire, Mr. President, to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. I suppose it cannot well be
done at this moment while a motion to post-
pone is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order. A motion to postpone or to refer while
pending^ prevents amendments being offered,
being of a, higher grade.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to withdraw his motion for
a moment.
Mr. WILSON. I will do so to accommo-
date the Senator from Missouri. j
Mr. DRAKE. I oifer the following amend- I
ment, to come in at the close of the joint reso-
lution •
Provided, That should the Legislature of said State
at any time hereafter pass any act or resolution re-
scinding or annulling its ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of th e Uni-
ted States, the passage of such act orresolution shall
operate to exclude the said Stat e from representation
in Congress and to remand said State to its condi-
tion immediately prior to the passage of this resolu-
tion.
I wish to remark in reference to this amend-
ment that while I am as anxious as the Sena-
tor from Nevada or any other Senator that the
voice of Virginia in favor of the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution should bo secured
and that the amendment should be unquestion-
ably adopted, yet I do not wish that we should
put ourselves in the position that we shall put
ourselves in if we admit this State without any
guarantee whatever against her repeal of her
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. From
New York, sir, has come the first voice against
that amendment, in the way of recalling and
rescinding ratification. The Democratic party
throughout the country takes ground against
that amendment. Every State that falls under
Democratic control will refuse its ratification
or rescind it if it has previously granted it. I
do not intend, if I can avoid it, that these rebel
States coming back here shall play that game
upon this nation ; and they will play it as cer-
tain as eyer they are admitted baek here with
no guarantee for the future.
Sir, there is a purpose—formerly avowed on
the floor of this Senate, I think—a purpose
avowed and understood throughout the Dem-
ocratic party of the nation, to arraign the fif-
teenth and the fourteenth and the thirteenth
amendments before the Supreme Court of the
United State?, to have their constitutional
validity inquired into there, and that inquiry is
to go back into the organization of the Legis-
latures and into their action, and into the organ-
ization of Congress and into its action. . We
have been told here on tho floor of the Senate
that every one of our amendments adopted
since the rebellion broke out was an absolute
and downright nullity; and so the Democracy
hold ; so their speakers before the people pro-
claim, and it is proclaimed with the view event-
ually to make cases that are to go before the
Supreme Court of the United States, to have
determined whether we were a lawful Congress
and whether our amendments were lawful
amendments. Sir, I desire to plant in the way
of that kind of action every barrier that I can;
and this is one of them, that that State, fore-
most in the perfidy of rebellion, shall not have
the opportunity to cast her perfidy in our teeth
again. Of all the States in the South that
went into the rebellion that State exhibited the
darkest and vilest perfidy. I do not wish that
she should show that trait of her character in
the face of the American Congress again ; and
therefore it is that I move this amendment, thai
if ever she does attempt to repeal her ratifica-
tion of the fifteenth article of amendments, that
fact of itself shall expel her from the Halls of
Congress and remand her to the condition that
she is in to-day. When you have done that I
am not particular as to whether she is admitted
to-day or next Thursday, the next year, or
indeed the next decade.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Alabama give way to me for a moment? The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Su.uxcri]
was mistaken about his vote on the fifteenth
amendment. He did not vote for it. I have
the record here, and call his attention to ir.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I certainlv
am as anxious to protect the loyal people o"f
the South as any Senator on this floor can be.
I have seen, probably, as much of the outrages
on life and liberty and property at the South
as any Senator on this floor, and I would now
willingly vote to postpone the consideration of
this bill if the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or any other Senator, would show
me how Congress proposes further to protect
