1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
iersraan on the floor of this House bat what
knows that it is ahousehold expression through-
out the West attributed to General Harney. I
appeal to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Van Horn] if he has not heard it a hundred
times in his State?
Mr. VAN HORN. Yes; and it is true, too.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Now, when this fellow
Tappan, who was, as I have already stated,
one of the peace commission, comes here unin-
vited and intrudes himself on the House, I am
forced to say, and with due respect to General
Sherman, who tried to discharge his duty hon-
estly and fairly on that commission, that there
never was a grosser fraud perpetrated upon the
American Government than that peace com-
mission ; there never was a greater misappli-
ance of funds for. any purpose ever voted by
Congress than when they voted money to pay
that commission. The impudent declaration
in his letter " that the Indiana were never the
first to violate treaties" is simply absurd, and
the declaration of my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butleb] will not be realized, and the
"question" will not be set "at rest forever" by
any such untruthful statements as this letter con-
tains. I appeal to the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilson J to say whether or not they
violated their treaties in 1862. Sir, the Indians
fcave not kept their treaties with the whites. My
Territory has been made the point of attack
by every gentleman who has uttered humani-
tarian sentiments upon this door, and espe-
cially by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Et-dridgk.] Sir, when that gentleman speaks
of atrocities I would remind him that the
" vilest murder," as gentlemen are pleased to
call the late fight in Montana, of Indians by
whites that was ever perpetrated oa this Amer-
ican continent took place m his own State,
and was committed by one of the most gallant
men that ever lived in that State, General
Dodge, at the battle of Bad Ax, on the east
side of the Mississippi river. That light set-
tled India* wars ia. Wisconsin, as I sincerely
tope and believe that Colonel Baker's late
" cleaning out" of thePiegans in Montana, so
much denounced and abhorred by certain gen-
tlemen, will end Indian murders, robberies,
and other nameless outrages in my Territory.
Wheu gentlemen talk here about the atrocities
committed by the people of the West; when
they put on the garb of humanitarians par ex-
cellence, they should not forget how they them-
selves may be misrepresented. I say here that
there is more erime committed in the districts
of gentlemen who h ave seen fit to assail the
people of my Territory, who have seen fit to
characterize the late gallant fight as a mas-
sacre and as a murder—more crime is com-
mitted in one of their districts in twenty hours,
ay, in one night, than there is in my Terri-
tory in twenty months.
I see published in the New York Sun a let-
ter from a correspondent of that paper in the
Territory of Montana, and judging from the
initials, the letter is written by one of the fore-
most men in Bozeman, a leading and reliable
merchant there. I ask the Clerk to read some
extracts from that letter which I h ve marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Their Beetmt Outrage*.—For some time past they
[Piegan Indians] have been more impudent in their
encroachments than formerly. But a short time
since they murdered, in the pree«noe of his family,
Maleolm Clark, an old and much esteemed resident
of the mountains, formerly an Army officer, and a
man possessed of high culture. His family escaped
the soalping-knife, hisdaughter by jumping through
the window andaeercting herself in the brush, and
his two sons by cutting their way through these in-
carnate fiends, though one was severely wounded
and barely escaped his father's fate. Latterly the
Indians took from a train on the road between
Helena and Fort Shaw all tho mules belonging to
it, sixty in number. Other depredations and mur-
ders they hare committed, the facts of which are
fresh in the memory of our citizens. The details of
the same would tend to make my letter too long, and
besides, I opine that what I have given above will
lead the Sun's readers to form the same opinion of
this Indian nation's hellish deeds as if I had freely
narrated^,11 their evil doings^forthe past four years.
" What will be Thought and Said.—The Marias fight
is now a thing of the past. But how will it bareeeived
bythoso lovers of the "noble red man of the forest;'
those who picture tho savage cut-throat as the per-
fect embodiment of honor? They will call it a mas-
sacre.
" What will those term it who have been made
widows, fatherless orphans, poor, by those once 'pets
of tho Government ?' A terrible though just venge-
ance.
"Such it is. And it is my belief that those who
entertain a different opinion are either making money
from fat Indian contracts or belong to that class of
beingswho are totally ignorant of the character and
doings of an unfriendly tribe of Indians.
"In conclusion, the people of Montana are almost
unanimous—excepting, perhaps, a few in the Indian
ring—in expressing their, feelings of gratitude to
Colonel Baker for sweeping from existence so many
murderers of the whites. At the same time they
fear that his acting according to orders will be but
the signal for his removal. In other words, Indian
traders and contractors for the greater part are igno-
rant and unscrupulous men, who would shield the
murdering redskins and misrepresent, the doings of
an Army officer who has fearlessly done his duty..
"We trust that General Grant's administration
will treat Indian murderers as such; and also that
the military will not in the future, as they have in
the past, be obliged to 'play second fiddle' to the
Indian ring. H. R. H."
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So thfc committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Mercur re-
: ported that the Committee of the Whole on
| the state of the Union had had under consid-
'I eration the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ehding 30th June, 1871, and forother purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 596)
torelievecertain persons therein named from
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph be
closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mercur in the chair?) and resumed
the consideration of the first special order, being
House bill No. 1169, making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1871, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph must close
in five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] for three
minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The pending paragraph
is the first of a series of paragraphs containing
voluntary appropriations on the part of the
Government of money for Indians in the States
and Territories named in the paragraphs. I
believe we have no treaty stipulations with any
of the Indians named here in these paragraphs,
and the plea that has been set up here in ref-
erence to other items of appropriation, that we
must do these things to keep faith with the
Indians, does not apply.
The remarks of the gentleman from Arizona
[Mr. McCormick] have fully convinced me that
this whole series of appropriations here is wrong
from beginning to end. These items aggregate
nearly half a million dollars, which we are asked
to appropriate in order to conciliate a few
Indians living in these States and Territories.
Now, I believe that of the money which we
appropriate for the Indians not one half the
amount ever reaches them. And of the amount
that does reach them, I believe that forty-five out
of every fifty dollars are for worthless trinkets
that do not do the Indians or any one else any
good, and, as has been well said by the gentle-
man from Arizona, [Mr. McCormick,] only
encourage them to idleness. In my judgment
these appropriations are all wrong. I know of
no reason, I have heard of none, and I can
conceive of none that should induce us to ap-
propriate these large sums of money to be frit-
tered away in the manner in which these Indian
appropriations are expended. I believe that
we should strike out this item and all items
making similar appropriations. Such appro-
priations do no good. The^ do not assist to
keep the Indians quiet. Notwithstanding these
appropriations you are obliged to maintain the
same military force in the country, to keep the
Indians in subjection, that you would have to
employ if the appropriations were not made.
I see that among other things it is proposed to
appropriate money to furnish these Indians
with agricultural implements. The idea of
furnishing the wild Indians of the western
mountains with agricultural implements is so
perfectly ridiculous that it needs only to be
stated to show its absurdity.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
of the gentleman from Arizona [Mr. McCor-
] mice] have induced me to believe that his
' amendment ought to be adopted. I believe
, that it ia a sin for the American Congress to
be spending from year to year large sums to
buy frivolous presents for these Indians in our
western country. Let us act in a more judi-
cious manner, as proposed by the gentleman
from Arizona, so that the money spent upon
these Indians shall be a blessing to them. By
distributing among them mere trinkets of no
substantial benefit we only foster their idle
disposition. War and bloodshed follow as a
natural consequence. Gentlemen on this floor
; ought to understand that there can be no war
unless somebody is hurt. And in the history
of the world there has never yet been a war in
which some innocent persons have notsuffered.
When gentlemen refer so feelingly to the fact
I that in the Indian wars in the West a few
' Indian women and children have been killed
by our soldiers I say that such things are but
the natural consequences of war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, none of
| the arguments I have heard in favor of this
, amendment have convinced me of its pro-
priety. I do not believe it is the intention of
! the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to expend
this money in any wasteful or injudicious man-
ner. The effect of the speech of the gentle-
man from Arizona may be that his Territory
will be left nyithout any appropriation at all.
It seems to me he had better turn his attention
to the Indians in his Territory, who have
: scarcely left a white scalp there, and whom we
intend to restrain and civilize, rather than
endanger the cutting off of all appropriations
because peaceful Indians honored him by a
procession and the music of jewsharps when
he was on his way to Washington. I think the
amendment should not be adopted. I believe
that the Commissioner will expend this money
judiciously and in such a way as will be most
beneficial to the Indians.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
debate has expired.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. McCormick, of Arizona, it was not
agreed to.
