630
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15, lS^O.
Ho. op Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Cleveland.
41st Gong. ... 2d Sess.
retained on bides and leather and all the ma-
terials that enter into the production of boots
and shoes. From this source we received a
revenue of only $3,500,000 last year, but the
cost of boots and shoes to the consumer was
increased about $18,000,000, as estimated by
Commissioner Wells in the report for 1869,
and not successfully contradicted. If we had
not touched the tax on tea and coffee, but had
removed the duty on the materials, which tax
the ten Boston firms declare is "excessively
high" and "hard to bear," wc should have
saved as follows:
Loss to rovenue by reduction on tea and
coffee      £3,100,000
Loss to revenue if duty takon offleather,&c. 3,500,000
Saved to revenue by my plan  4,GOO,000
Amount paid by consuraors of American
made articles in consequence of tariff on
tea and eoffco—nothing.
Ainount paid by consumers of Amcrican-
wade articles in consequence of tariff on
boot and shoe materials  18,000,000
Total gain toconsumors if my plan had
H been adopted $22,000,000
If wo retained the duty on tea and coffee we
should be able to remove the duty on other
articles, in addition to boot and shoe materials,
to the extent of the additional $4,000,000.
Had we adopted Commissioner Wells's sug-
gestions, and reduced the duty on salt to nine
cents per one hundred pounds in bulk and
twelve cents per one hundred pounds when in
bags, the present duty being eighteen and
twenty-four cents, wo should have lost in rev-
enue $600,000, and gained to consumers
$3,000,000 per annum!
If we abolish the duty of twenty per cent,
on lumber, we should lose to the revenue
$1,262,000 by (lie statistics of 1867-G8, (see
Wells's report,) but gain to the consumer
$10,000,0001 Now, how do we stand? On
these two items, if Mr. Wells's suggestions
had been adopted, the revenue would lose
$1,862,000, while the consumers would gain
$19,900,000!
Loss to revenuo by reduction of duty on tea and
coffee A*made in the now tariff $$,100,000
Loss to the revenue if above items had
boon adopted and duty on tea and coJfco
not changed      5,."62,000
Total savin*? to the revenue by this plan... 2.73S«0U0
Total saving in coat of boots and shoes,
salt and lumber to continuous  .'17,900,000
Total gavin^ to tho people $10,038.000
by retaining the duty on tea and coffee and
reducing the duty on leather, salt, and lumber,
as suggested above, or a saving of about one
dollar 2>er capita for the whole population per
annu m.
But in this calculation I have adopted Mr.
Wells's figures as a basis. 1 prefer my own.
Mr. Wells, notwithstanding the anger he has
awalcenod in the minds of Greeley's soldiers,
like Mr. Morrkix, is modest, and tells a part
of the truth at a time, for fear the real truth
will not be believed. There are produced in the
country something over two hundred million
dollars in value of boots and shoes; and I con-
tend that the selling price of these is enhanced
by tho tarifF not less than fifteen per cent.,
which makes an additional cost to the farmers,
mechanics, laborers, and all who wear them, i
of $80,000,000. instead of $18,000,000, as esti- |
mated by Mr. Wells; so that the actual sav- J
ing, if the tariff had been properly adjusted,
on tea and coffee, boot and shoe materials, salt
and lumber, would have been $52,638,000.
Once more let u s settle up with Mr. Morrejll :
By the present reduction on tea and coffee, which I
shall call his plan, there is a loss to the revenue
of $8,100,000
By my plan there would be a loss to the
revenue of.    5,362,000
Gain to the revenue  2,733,000
By my plan there would bo a gain to con-
sumers in tho purchase of boots and
shoes of $30,000,000
In the purchase of salt  3,900,000
In the purchase of lumber  16,000,000
 49,900.000
Total gain  52,638,000
Butthcrewouldbe asavingby Morrell's
planinthepurchaseoftoaandcoffee, pro-
vided thoconsumers could get the whole
of it, which no merchant will protend, of 8,100,000
Leaving a total saving of. $44,538,000
from which there is no drawback or deduction
to be made, but it is an absolute saving to the
farmer, mechanic, and laborer of the whole
$44,000,0001 Is it any wonder that the ten
Boston firms cry out that the tariff taxes are
"hard to bear?" But I have touched only
three items out of a thousand!
Mr. Morrell clamors for a home market,
and pretends that if importations were prohib-
ited there would be a consumption of our pro-
duce by the mechanics necessary to supply the
demand for manufactures. We already manu-
facture three fourths of the articles we use, and
these manufacturers consume but about four
and ahalf per cent, of the produce of the coun-
try. If we could get the other fourth there
would be a consumption of but six per cent.
Now, tho manufacturing is done mostly in
States that run short of the great staples and
have to buy ; and Mr. Morrell says let them
manufacture, and let the producing States sell
to thom, and there will be no need to export.
Let us see. There were supplied to these man-
ufacturing States last year thirty million bushels
of wheat, of which not more than one third
went to the manufacturing interest, say ten
million bushels; and if we prohibited imports
and consumed a quarter more in consequence
of it, we should then have twelve million five
hundred thousand bushels of wheat sold by
the producing States to the deficient or man-
ufacturing States and the exports practically
stopped, while, as it stands, we export about
fifty million bushels of wheat. Is it the inter-
est of the farmer to impose a tariff that will
enable him to find a home market for two .
million live hundred thousand bushels more ■
of his wheat, lose the export of fifty millions,
and pay about double price for everything
he buys? This is what Mr. Morrell would
have Juin do. I take these figures partly
from the admirable speech of Hon. Eugene M.
Wilson, of Minnesota, who thoroughly under-
stands the " farmer's question;" and I make
a quotation from his speech to show how these
western farmers appreciate the tariff on textile
fabrics. Says Mr. Wilson:
"1 find the poor woman's common dre«s goods,
costing but six cents per yard in gold, paying a duty
of ninety per cent.; her gingham gown one hundred
.and twelve per cont.. while the silks of the wealthy
pay but sixty per cent.
"The common shawl, costing $1 32 in gold, pay?
ninety-one per cent.; while that, of the woman in
better circumstances, costing S4, pays only .sixty-
four nor cent.; aud tho silk and cashmere of the
wealthy only sixty per cent.; and the more expens-
ive camels' hair and laeo shawls only forty per cenf.
This is lessening the taxes of the poor with a venge-
ance.
"1 find, further, that common woolen coatings
which cost sixty conts a yard in gold pay ono hun-
dred andoightecn percent.; while those costingSl 41
a yard pay only eigh ty-seven per cent.; that woolen
overcoating costing SI 08 per yard pays ono hundred
and twenty-seven percent.; while those costing $1 44
pay only ono hundred per cent., and broadcloth only
eighty-one per cent.
" The poor man pays upon his stockings one hun-
dred and thirty-two per cent., on his woolon under-
clothing ninety-seven per cent., while the silk hose
and underclothing of the rich pay only sixty percent.
"The cheapest four-pound blanket of the poor,
which only costs in gold seventy-two cents, pays three
hundred and twelve per cent.; while the rich man's
blanket, costing $3 84, pays only ninety-six per cent.,
and this, too, when none of these common blankets
can be imported on account of the high duty, when
no revenue is derived from it, the only result being
that in purchasing a three-dollar blanket seventy-
five cents is paid for tho blanket and $2 23 to the
manufacturer for tho protection of home industry.
Beneficent protection 1"
iiow the west was deceived.
Mr. Wilson says again:
"When President Grant was elected we hoped
from his Democratic antecedents and western resi-
dence that his influence would be thrown in favor of
justice to the agriculturists. And yet his very first
messago exhibited him bound captive to the victo-
rious chariots of the monopolists. He opposes reduc-
tion of these burdens, and recommends no interfer-
ence with the existing tariff for a year to come, lie
admits that a reduction might be made of eome
$40,000,000 without damage to the necessities of tho
revenue. And yet, upon the strange ground that in
another year a still greater reduction can bo made,
ho thinks none should bo made now. lie thinks it a
small mattor that tho people should duringthisyear
bo made to pay $40,000,000 unnecessarily into the
Troasury and $120,000,000 more into the pockets of
tho manufacturers as a bonu>."
Can Mr. Moukell and his friends deceive
these western farmers a second time?
Much has been said by Mr. Mobketx and
his friends about the enlargement of the free
list in the bill just passed. So they did enlarge
it; aud I will take up but a single item, for in
this hurried moment I have not time to do more
than touch a few points. Calisaya bark paid
a duty of twenty per cent. Quinine is made
from this bark, and it is the medicine used
West and South for the cure of prevalent fevers.
It is largely used and is an absolute necessity,
and the duty was removed from tho bark so
that the farmers and mechanics West and South
might get their quinine cheaper; but it is now
discovered that the quinine is nearly all made
by certain great establishments in Philadelphia,
and that no reduction was made in the duly on
the medicine itself, which isforty-five per cent.,
really prohibitory ; and as the dutiable value
of an ounce of quinine is about $1 35, the sick
and needy are still obliged to pay the groat
monopolies a bonus of sixty-one cents upon
every ounce of this universal remedy they are
obliged to use. So that the only beneiit to
accrue from putting calisaya bark on the free
list is to give the Philadelphia monopolists
twent}' per cent, more profit.
But, as I had only a few days in which to
answer the im<joiity report of the Committee
on Manufactures, which had been four months
in preparation, sol am now allowed but a very
limited time to answer Mr. Morrell's speech,
which has been about two mouths in process
of incubation. I was then fortunate enougli
to have Mr. Wells himself prepare the bulk of
the answer, but he is now about leaving for a
tour in Europe, and replies to my letter that
if 1 cau defer the answer till his return he will
take part in it. To do that would deprive mo
of the privilege of having it printed in the
Globe, which is just closing its publication for
the session, aud I have concluded to give a
hurried answer as best 1 could. Whether I
have made out my case must be decided by
such of the thinking public as may take the
trouble to read his labored speech and my hasty
answer. A few points are retained for Mr.
Wells to take up on his return.
