4478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
southern and those western States in which
the deficiency now exists.
But X have occupied more time than I in-
tended in speaking on these general proposi-
tions. I intended merely to explain to the
House the effect of my amendment, which is,
to strike out the portion of the second section
which requires the withdrawal from circulation
of legal tenders to any extent to meet the
increase caused by the $50,000,000 of national
bank notes to be issued.
Mr. INGERSQLL. I desiro to ask my col-
league [ilr. Judd] a question, in order that I
may understand the proposition of the com-
mittee.
Mr. JUDD. Very well; a question only.
Mr. INGKliSOLL. 1 understand that my
colleague admits that the House directed the
Committee on Banking and Currency to report
a bill increasing the circulating medium of the
country by $50,000,000.
Mr. JUDD. Put your question.
Mr. INGK11SQLL. Exactly ; I will do so. j
In the first place, I believe my colleague con- '
cedes that the committtee have disobeyed the
direct order of the House.
Mr. J UDD. 1 do not yield to my colleague
any further. I desire to say one word4n con-
clusion.
Mr. INGE11SOLL. I object to my colleague
proceeding.
Mr. JUDD. I believe I have tho floor; and
T decline to be interrupted, to be censured to
my face for not obeying an order of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLIj. . 'there is a misunder-
standing.
Mr. JUDD. I will say in conclusion that
the amendment I have offered, if adopted,
would put in circulation ยฃ50,000,000 of national
bank notes without withdrawing any green-
backs, only so far as that amount of circula-
tion requires the banks to keep legal tenders
in reserve. There is a difference of opinion as
to how much this expands the currency.
Mr. GAKF1ELD, of Ohio. X now yield to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Counts'] for
five minutes.
Mr. COBU11N. I wish to state briefly my
opinion of the effect of the substitute reported
from the Committee on Baitki.ig and Currency.
The first section of itprovides for an additional
issue of $05,000,000 of national bank circula-
tion. The second scction provides for the with-
drawal of ยง85,000,000 of legal-tender circula-
tion now issued; $45,000,000 to he used as
reserves in place 'of that amount of three per
cent, certificates now used as reserves, and
510,000,000 of greenbacks to be canceled. In
other words, $4-5,000,000 of the additional issue
of national bank circulation will take the place
of $45,000,000 of greenbacks to be buried in
the reserves of the banks, and .$50,000,000 will
be in lieu of the 540,000,000 of legal-tender
notes to bo withdrawn and canceled.
At. first sight the effect of the substitute
would seem to be an expansion of the circulat-
ing currency of the country to the extent of
$f0,000,000. But when we come to look at the
provisions of the banking law, which requires
that at least an amount of reserves shall be
held by the banks equal to twenty per cent, for
the circulation of those banks, we will pcrceive
at once that the amount of circulation will be
diminished instead of increased about ten mil-
lion dollars.
But, in addition to that, the law J equires that
of the deposits in banks there shall be held in
reserve, on an average, twenty per cent., and
any one who will refer to the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency will see that the
amount of deposits for several years past has
been just about double the amount of the cir-
culation of the bftnk*. Therefore, if the twenty
per cent, reserves on deposits is added to the
twenty per cent, reserves on circulation, there
will be found at least sixty per cent, of the cir-
culation thus held in reserve by the banks in
greenbacks. In other words, there would be
three fifths of $800,000,000 in reserve for the I
circulation of $300,000,000, which we now have.
But there is something else authorized to be
used as a reserve besides these legal tenders ;
I mean gold and silver and certain promises of
the Government, three per cent, certificates and
matters of that kind ; so that the actual amount
of legal tenders used as a reserve is about two
fifths. Ilence the real contraction under this
bill would be $28,000,000. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says he is not in
favor of contraction, yet he reports a bill mak-
ing a contraction of $28,000,000. in order to
remedy this the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Jmin] and myself have offered amendments
which f think will clear the matter up consid-
erably and give us a small increase of circu-
lation, but no verygreatnmount. This increase
will not give to the South and Southwest as
much circulation as they had before the war.
They have now $59,000,000 less than they had
before the war. If the bill bo passed with the
amendments of the gentleman from Illinois
and myself it will allow an increase of circula-
tion to the amount of $57,000,000, which is
not to be distributed in the South and South-
west alone, but in the West, South, and South-
west.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] said that this increase of circu-
lation would be distributed to the rural districts
and not to the redemption cities, which arc
bound to keep twenty-five per cent, as their
reserve on hand. Sir, it will not be distributed
to the rural districts entirely. I tell him that
there are in the Union seventeen ledemption
cities, of which eightarc in the West and South.
They are New Orleans. Louisville, Chicago,
Detroit, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Leavenworth,
and Richmond. Every one of these cilies will
get a part of this distribution.
Something has been said in relation to the
$44,000,000 of legal-tender notes which it is
proposed to substitute for three per cent, cer-
tificates.
The effect of my amendment is this: it will
putin the place of the present three per cent,
certificates no w used as bank reserves an amount
of United States notes of the denomination of
$100. This prevents the withdrawal of some
forty- four millions of legal tenders, to be effect-
ually buried m bank reserves. The amount of
$44,000,000 of additional United States notes
authorized only raises the present sura of
$350,000,000 up to $400,000,000, which was
the limit provided iu the act of 180-1. The
contraction was under the disastrous and un-
fortunate lav/ of 1805, The present remedy I
offer leaves the basis of the banking circula-
tion just as broad as it is at present; leaves
exactly the present amount of legal tenders in
circulation. It is not a measure of inflation in
any proper sense, and only provides for a basis of
legal tenders for national banks of $400,000,000,
while at present it is just the same amount of
United States notesand three per cents. Unless
this amendment is adopted the basis of the
banking system is narrowed $44,000,000. If
this amendment is adopted the effect of the bill
will be to issue to needy districts $95,000,000
of new'bank circulation; will put in reserve
for that sum $38,000,000, leaving, in fact, an
addition to the currency of $57,000,000 ; will
also redistribute $25,000,000 ; will also allow
banks to be removed from States in excess to
needy States.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Cobuen] be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. BENTON. I object. I understand that
this debate is being confined entirely to the
committee and to members from the West;
and hence I object to the gentleman speaking
beyond his time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, having been
absent recently on official business, I have not
had opportunity to take part heretofore in this
discussion; nor do I propose to attempt to
assign in the few minutes now allowed me my
reasons for supporting this bill or any portion
of it. Without undertaking to develop by
argument the reasons for my action, I will say
that I shall give my support to this bill, if
modified by some of the amendments wmch
have been proposed.
Many persons have doubted whether we need
to legislate at all during the present session
of Congress upon the subject of the currency.
I think, however, that there are two or three
demands of the country upon Congress in con-
nection with this matter to which we ought to
respond ; and after the various shapes which
this bill lias taken, some of which were such
that I could not give them my support, I am
glad that it now seems about to assume, by
means of modification which I trust are to bo
adopted, such aform as will meet these demands
to a reasonable degree.
The title of the bill is ''An act to provide
a national currency of coin notes and equalize
tho distribution of circulating notes:" and
because I believe the bill, if amended as pro-
posed, will tend to provide for both these
wants, 1 asn willing to give it at least tho aid
of my vote.
The provision of the bill in relation to coin
notes is one which looks to a return to specie
payments. It goes far enough, perhaps, in
that direction for one step. I have always
maintained that a return to specie payments
ought not to be brought about by any violent
or sudden method. I have believed that a
return to specie payments, although desirable,
ought lo be, not the direct object of legisla-
tion, but a consequence of wise and whole-
some laws and their proper administration.
Regarding this as one step in that direction, I
am satisfied with that portion of the bill.
Mr. CQBUKN. I believe the part of the
bill iu relation to coin has been struck out.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is that struck out entirely ?
Sir. COBUHN. Yes, sir.
Mr. 1NGEBSOLL. It was struck out while
the gentleman was absent.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the bill meets only
one of the objects to which I look, and that,
perhaps, to us the most important. It is a step
toward the equalization of circulation among
the States. 1 have no horror of reaching this
end in some degree by what some persons may
call an expansion of the currency. One part
of the means by which this object is to be
accomplished is, I think, the adoption of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, providingthatthe United States notes,
or greenbacks, which are returned shall not be
canceled, as proposed by the text of the bill,
but shall be so much added to the currency
of the country.
I have never had that horror of inflation
which affects the minds of some gentlemen.
F have never believed we ought to be alarmed
from any immediate apprehension looking to
anything that has been done or likely to be
done by Congress on this subject of currency,
of having too much money in the country.
Many people undertake to determine what
amount of currency should be iu the country
either by the standard of population, by the
extent of the area of the country, or by the
general average of its business. I do not believe
either of these can be followed as infallible. I
think it is propertc determine itasa question to
be in some sense solved by the number of popu-
lation. I think it issomev/hat more to be solved
by a general look at the business of the country;
andyetv.'e may take all of these things into the
account and "find either of them taken alone
or the whole together are all of no consequence
unless we take into account also the habits of
the people of the country. For instance, tak-
ing tho rule of determining how much currency
you ought to have by a measurement per capiia,
or a measurement by population, nothing can
be more delusive than to depend on it alooe
as a standard. A thousand people scattered
