1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4477
through a township of land pursuing agricul-
ture as a business, with quiet habits, would never
require anything like as much money as a
thousand people hustled togetherin some busy,
bustling village where the population is occu-
pied with manufactures and with trade. Tak-
ing into the account in our country all these
elements, the large interests of our country, its
forty million population, i(s varied business,
and the habits of die people, I repeat 1 never
had any apprehension we were likely by any
legislation of ours to give the country too much
currency. I hope, therefore, without going j
into any reasons, either for the support of the |
other features of the bill or that particular j
amendment, that the amendment proposed by :
the gentleman from Illinois [Jlr. Judd] will j
be adopted. Jf it should be adopted it will j
strip the bill of an objectionable feature to me, |
and with that amendment 1 will give it my vote, j
There a re t^ro other am end men ts which, with- !
out, assigning any reason. I think sire whole-
some, and for which i will vote. I do not say
if the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois be not adopted I will not vote (or the bill;
but I will give ray support to the bill if that be
adopted. 1 will give mv support to the bill
more readily if the amendment were adopted
offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alli-
son,] providing that " it shall be unlawful for
any national banking association to pay inter-
est oil deposits received from and deposited by
ony other national banking association, or to
pay or receive interest on current deposits, or
to include in its reserve of lawful money any
deposits upon which interest is received or
paid."
There is another amendment proposed, pro-
viding that "hereafter every national banking
associaiion shall retain and keep in coin or
Treasury coin certificates, aspartof its reserve,
the interest falling due upon its bonds depos-
ited as security for its circulation, until the
reseive required to be kept by such bank at its
place of business shall consist wholly of coin
and coin certificates."
I congratulate the country, 1 congratulate
ourselves, although we may not be doing much
by passing a bill modified in this way, we shall
bo in some sense meeting the demand ot the
people of the country for a more equal distri-
bution of its banking capital and consequent
banking circulation, and that shall be done
without any contraction of the amount of cur-
rency.
ilr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 now yield to
the gentleman from Isew York.
Mr, HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, I am anx-
ious to give this bill my vote if it is possible;
but I do not like to give my vote under such
circumstances that I may be charged with not
knowing what I am voting for. The simple
provision of this bill is that we give $95,000,000
additional circulation. With the Amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,]
in place of that $95,000,000 of circulation we
retire $45,000,000 of greenbacks ; because we
entirely cancel 845,000,000 of three per cfih.
certificates, and that locks up $-15,000,000 oi
greenbacks. Without the adoption ot the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, we
lock up or we cancel $40,000,000 more ol green-
backs, which would make 385,000,000 ofgreen-
backs canceled and $95?000j000 of currency
ibsued. In that cventthe $85,000,000 of green-
backs would be taken from my section of the
country and be given to otuer sections of the
coun try. ,
Now, I object to that. It that is to be done
wc should have it done openly, and he told
what we are doing. Out gentlemen have not
explained it to us. I will say that I am will-
ing to divide the difference—to lock up the
$45,000,000 of greenbacks, and to leave the
ni her $40,000,000 of greenbacks in circulation.
That gives the West and the South all they
want. Then, if they do not have enough, they
have the privilege of taking away $25,000,000
of our circulation, and to use it in their section
of the country. That I do not object to. But
it will never be reached. Before that is reached
they will all be converted to my theory ; that
is, free banking. The only difference now is
whether it shall be oil a gold basis or a bond
basis. Now, if the House will adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois I see noth-
ing very oppressive about this measure. It is
true that it bears to the extent of $45,000,000
upon the East; but if that will meet the
demands of the South and West I for one am
willing to consent to it. It will certainly silence
the complaints that we are doing injustice to
those parts of the country, lhope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois will be
adopted. I understand that the other amend-
ments have all been passed upon.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make an
interrogatory of the gentleman in charge of
this bill. We were told yesterday, when an
arrangement was made whereby the hill should
go over until to-day, that amendments were
pending which proposed to strike out that
clause in the substitute which authorized the
entire cancellation of the $45,000,000 of three
per cent, certificates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all;
but to strike out the clause authorizing the
retirement of the greenbacks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I shall appeal to the
Chairto confirm me as to the correctness of the
position which I take. I have listened closely
to the propositions which have been argued
this morning, and none of them so far have
embraced the proposition to amend the substi-
tute by striking out the clause in regard to the
withdrawal from the banks and the cancella-
tion of the three per cent, certificates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There was no
such thing said yesterday. The amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburx]
now pending reaches something like what the
gentleman talks about. But! never heard any
proposition made yesterday such as the gentle-
man now states. I now call for a vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I desire to state most
emphatically, and it was so understood, not
only by myself but by various other members—
and 1 ask the opinion of the Chair in regard to
it—that I said that unless such amendments
as I have indicated were pending, I should
object to the arrangement by which the vote on
the bill went over until to-day. I desired, how-
ever, in order that, no objection might intervene
to prevent the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Baxks] proceeding with the joint resolu-
tion on the Cuban question, that this bill should
go over with the understanding that amend-
ments were pending which would strike out,
not only the clause retiring the greenbacks,
but also the clause retiring the three per cent,
certificates.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must see the impropriety there would
be in the Chair ruling on any such point as
that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire if
there are any amendments pending upon the
points to which I have referred, or if the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. GAliriELD] will allow
an amendment to bo offered and voted upon
to strike out section two of the substitute,
which provides for the cancellation of green-
backs as well as for the retirement of the three
per cent, certificates?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 know of no
committee of this House that has allowed a
wider range of debate and amendment, and I
decline to open the matter any further.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentle-
man to allow separate votes to be taken on
the sections of the substitute.
Mr. COB (J UN. I would state to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgeusoi.l] that the
effect of the pending amendments, if adopted,
will be to strike out the provision to_wlr.cU he
refers and to substitute another for it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. lean demonstrate that
this proposition is one of contraction to the
extent of $49,000,000, and I give notice that
I shall move to lay this bill on the table, unless
such amendment as 1 have indicated shall be
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The hour has expired,
and debate on this bill has closed.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Judd, to strike out the following from
the second section of the substitute:
And when tlio whole amouut of additional circu-
lating notes, issued in accordance with the provisions
of the preceding section of this act, shall exceed the
amount of three per cent, temporary loan certifi-
cates, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, at the bcT
ginning of each month, redeem and cancel an amount
of United States notes equal to eighty per eent. of
the amount of additional circulating notes issued to
national banking associations during the preceding
month, in accordance with the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 72, noes 44.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order now to move to lay this whole subject on
the table?
The SPEAKER. Of course that motion is
in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
make that motion.
The question was taken ; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 5G, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL said: I call for the yeas
and nays ; for we may as well meet this bank
issue right here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
that he withdraw for the present his motion to
lay the bill on the table, and let us vote upon
the amendments which are pending. He can
renew his motion at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of .Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the motion for the present.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Allisox, to add to the last section of
the substitute the following:
And from and after the passage of this act it shall
be unlawful for any national banking association
to pay interest on deposits received from and de-
posited by any other national banking association,
or to pay interest on current deposits, or to include
in its leserve of lawful money any deposits npon
Which interest is received or paid.
The question was taken; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—yeas 57, noes 67.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CONGER called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Benton were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayea 70, noes 65.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DICKEY and Mr. BENTON called for
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 09, nays 91, not
voting 07; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Asper, Axtell, Barry, Beck, Biggs. Boles, Burehard,
Burr, Calkin, Churchill, William i'. Clark, Cleveland,
Cook, Conger. Conner, Crebs, Wegener, Dox, Dyer,
I'inlcelriburg, Fox, Garfield, (IcU, Haight, Harris,
llawkins. Hay, llcfliu. Kolinan, Hooper, Judd. Kel-
ley, Knott, ilarshell. Mayhnm, Maynard, McCor-
miek, McJv.en7.ie, MeNcely, Milnos,Morgan, Morris-
^ey, Mungen, Niblack, Pu'ce, Reeves, luce, IliUtf-
■vyay, Rogers, Sehcnck, Suerrod, Shobor, Joseph fcj.
Smith, Utiles. Sirader, Sweeney, Taylor, Trimble,
Van Aukcn, Vnn Trump, WeH^, "Winans, Winchester,
YTitchor, and Wood—0: .
ley, liuffinton, lJurdect, Roderick R. jiutier, Ofewsiip,
Sidney Clarke, Villain Oohb.Ciinton L. Cobb, Oooiirn,
Cowles.Cox, Culiom, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,Donley.
Duval, Farmworlh, Ferris, I'isher, 9/lsrw?-
icy, Jlny?, Hoar, iiotcbfciss, log-orsoll, Julian, Ku-
logg, Kel^ey, Iveloharn, Knapp, Laflin, Lasa, Law-
rence, Lewi.-, McCarthy. MKjrexr, Mercur.Ehaknn
II. Moore, J esse JI. Moore, \v liliam Moore. Darnel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. MorrilJ, jNewsham.Orth,! ackaid,
Packer Pauie, Peck, Phelps, Piatt, Poiaml. Pnme-
rov Rook Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Shcl-
don'. Porter Sheldon.William Smyth, Starkweather.
Stokes Stoughlon, Strickland, Strong, iafie, lan-
norf Tillmanf Twicholl, Tyner. Upson, Van }\yck,
"Ward, Cadwaiader 0. Washburn, W ill jam B. Wash-
