1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5421
"cents per gallon " and insert "per cent, ad
valorem" in the following paragraph:
On neat's-foot oil, and all animal, whale, seal, and
fish oils, twenty cents per gallon.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move this amendment
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Amendments were also concurred in to in-
sert in the free list " brimstone, crude," " kry-
olite," "ore of antimony, or crude sulphuret
of;" also, to strike out the words "or pulp of"
after " Esparto or Spanish grass" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "and other grasses,
and pulp of, for the manufacture of paper;"
also, to strike out " unmanufactured " and in-
sert "round" before "timber not otherwise
provided for;" also,to strikeout " sulphur or
brimstone, crude," and to insert after " xylon-
ite " the words " or xylotile."
The seventy-seventh amendment was to in-
sert the following:
And provided further, That all paintings, statuary,
fountains, and other works of art. the production and
property of an American artist, now held for pay-
ment of duties in any custom-house of the United
States, shall be surrendered to such artist without
payment of duties or charge, upon his affidavit filed
in the Department of the Secretary of the Treasury
that the same are the production of such artist.
Mr. POTTER. I move that this amendment
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The seventy-eighth amendment was to insert
the following:
Household effects of persons and families returning
or emigrating from foreign countries, which have
been in actual use abroad by them, and not intended
for any other person or persons, or for sale, not ex-
ceeding the value of $500.
Air. CONGER. I move that this amendment
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The eighty-second amendment was to insert
the following:
And be it further enacted, That for the term of two
years from and after the passage of this act, and no
longer, machinery and apparatus designed only for,
and adapted to be used for, steam-towage on canals,
and not now manufactured in tlieTJnited States, may
be imported by any State, or by any person duly
authorized by the Legislature of any State, free of
duty, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. And also that for
the term of two years from and after the passage of
this act, and no longer, steam-plow machinery,
adapted to tho cultivation of the soil, may bo im-
ported by any person for his own use, free of duty,
subject to such regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury as before provided.
Mr. ALLISON. I think this amendment
should be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we should not con-
cur in it, but let it go to a committee of con-
ference, in order that we may find out, if pos-
sible, why the Senate did notextend it to other
than canals.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion—ayes ten, noes not counted—the amend-
ment was nou-eoncurred in.
The eighty-third amendment was to insert
the following:
And be it further enacted. That the word "salt-
peter," as used in section seven of the act of March
3,18(53, allowing drawback of duty on foreign salt-
peter manufactured into gunpowder in the United
States, and exported therefrom, shall be construed
to mean the element of niter so used, whether it bo
the nitrate of potash or nitrate of soda.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that amendment
is right, and I move that it be concurred in._
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion—ayes eleven, noes not counted—the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
The eighty-fifth amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Potter, wasread,
as follows:
Add to section fifty tho following:
And all goods, wares, and merchandise remaining
in bonded warehouses on the day and year this act
shall take effect, and upon which the dutios shall
have been paid, shall be entitled to a refund of the
difference between_ the amount of duties paid and
the amount of duties said goods, wares, and mer-
chandise would be subject to if the samo were im-
ported respectively after that day.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The eighty-sixth amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Bemamix, was
read, as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That all provisions of
existing laws whereby any tax or duty is laid upon
bequests or devises, or transfers by deed, grant, or
gilt, made or intended to take effect after the death
of the grantor, of any real or personal property, in
trust or otherwise, for public uses of a literary, edu-
cational, or charitable character, or upon any real
or personal estate which may become subject toaiiy
trust as aforesaid under any past or future disposi-
tion. which, if madein favor of an individual, would
confer on him a succession, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, and no taxes heretofore levied
thereunder, but not paid, shall be collected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope this
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House provided for
the repeal of the whole legacy and succession
tax. The Senate have done the same thing;
and now in this provision they propose to
repeal a part of that tax.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
applies where the tax has not been paid.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This goes further than
the provision of the House bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in; there
being—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
The eighty-seventh amendment, on which a
separate vote was asked by Mr. Allisost, was
read, as follows:
Insert the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That in all cases where
tobacco is required to bo put up in wooden packages
as provided by section sixty-two of an act entitled
"An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
bacco, and for other purposes." approved July 20,
1868, it shall be lawful for tho Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to allow the same to be put up in
metallic packages: Provided, That they shall be con-
structed with such corrugations for receiving and
protecting the revenue stamps as the Commissioner
may approve.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The remaining
amendments of the Senate, numbered from
eighty-eight to ninety-seven, propose to add
new sections which all refer to the same sub-
ject. There is no taxation in them. They are
substantially the port of entry bill which was
passed by this House a few days ago. I ask
the House to act on them as one proposition ;
and I hope they will be concurred in.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman whether
these amendments taken together differ at all
from the bill passed by the House the other
day.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Only in this: that
some four or five additional ports of entry have
been inserted.
Mr. PATNE. I think we may as well concur.
Mr. CONGER. Some ten or fifteen ports
of entry are added.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
we may as well non-concur in these amend-
ments, because they are incomplete.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the last section,
providing when the law shall take effect, will be
non-concurred in. That matter can be settled
hereafter.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to act-
ing upon amendments eighty-eight to ninety-
seven as an entirety ?
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The eighty-eighth amend-
ment of the Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That whenever any mer-
chandise, except wino, distilled spirits, and perish-
able or explosive articles in bulk, imported at tho
ports of New York, in the State of Now \ork; Phila-
delphia, in the State of Pennsylvania; Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts; Baltimore m the State of
Maryland; Portland, in tho State of Maine; Port Hu-
ron, in tho State of Michigan: New Orleans, in tho
State of Louisiana, and San Francisco, in tho State
of California, shall appear by the invoice or bill of
lading and by the manifest to be consigned to and
destined for either of the ports specified in section
—— of this act, the collector at the port of arrival
shall permit the owner, agent, or consignee to make
entry thereof for warehouse or immediate transport-
ation, in triplicate, setting forth the particulars in
such entry and the route by which such goods are to
be forwarded, whether by land or water. The entry
having been compared with the invoice and duly
sworn to, and such an examination of the goods and
merchandise shall be made as shall satisfy the cus-
toms officers that the same corresponds with the
manifest and invoice, and the duties estimated on
the value and quantity of the invoice, and on the
execution ofabond as hereinafter provided, the col-
lector shall deliver the same to be immediately trans-
ported to such port of destination, at the sole cost
and risk of such owner, agent, or consignee. And
goods and merchandise imported to any of the afore-
said ports of entry and designed for any port desig-
nated by the section of this act, the collector of
said port shall give priority in time to the examin-
ation of said goods and merchandise for the purpose
of forwarding the same to their port of destination,
and said examination shall notnecessitatethe trans-
portation of said goods and merchandise to the ware-
house or appraiser's office. Such merchandise, so
entered for immediate transportation, shall not be
subject to appraisement and liquidation of duties at
the port of first arrival aforesaid, but shall undergo
such examination as tho Secretary of the Treasury
shall deem neccssary to verify the invoice and entry,
and the same examination and appraisement thereof
shall bo required and had at the said port of destin-
ation as would havo been required at the port of
original importation if such merchandise had been
entered for consumption or warehouse at such port.
Mr. PAINE. I understand that the gentle-
men who are opposed to the House bill, which
has been substantially incorporated here as an
amendment by the Senate, are willing that all
the sections shall be voted on together except
the last.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again ask
whether there is objection to voting as an en-
tirety upon the amendments numbered eighty-
eight to ninety-six, inclusive?
Mr. CONGER. I askthatthe ninety-fourth
amendment be voted on separately.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
their being voted on together, except the last
one.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
they will be voted on separately.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
95, fioes 23.
So the eighty-eigth amendment of the Senate
was concurred in.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The eighty-ninth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows :
Insert as an additional section:
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted. That tho bond
required by the foregoing section shall be in a penal
sum of at least double the invoice value of the mer-
chandise, with the duties added, and in such form
and with such number of sureties (not less than two)
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and the said sureties shall justify, by affidavit
taken before the collector of customs and attached
to the said bond, in an amount at least double tho
penalty of the bond, and the said collector shall
certify to their sufficiency; and the said bond may
be executed at the port of final destination and
transmitted to the coll ector at the port of first arrival,
as provided by the act of March 2,1831.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move that the
amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The ninetieth amendment of theSenatewas
read, as follows:
Add as a new section;
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That merchan-
dise so entered for transportation shall be delivered
to and transported by common carriers, to be desig-
nated for this purpose by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and to or by none others; and such carriers
shall be responsible to the United States as common
carriers for the safe delivery of such merchandise to
the collector at tho port of its destination; and before
any such carriers snail be permitted to receive and
transport any such merchandise they shall become
bound to the United States in bonds of such form
and amount, and with such conditions (not incon-
sistent with law) and such security as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall require.
Mr. DAVIS. I move non-concurrence in
tho amendment of the Senate. I object to
building up monopolies in transportation.
