THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
333
the loyal people of the South in their rights
and property. The Congress of the United
States for four years have been dealing with
the question of reconstruction, and yet they
have thus far failed to do the one thing essen-
tial to protect the people of the South in life
and property, and that is to hang men. When
Congress will show me some means by which
you can reach a man, Lake him, and hang him
for murder, then you may talk to us about
protection. If I can be shown any way 111
which we can bring to the loyal people of
Virginia further, protection than by admitting
her into the Union I am ready to vote for the
delay; but I do not see how this is to be done.
For myself I see more of safety to the peo-
ple of Virginia, of all classes and conditions,
in her immediate admission into the Union,
in giving over to her the control of her own
' affairs, after we have thrown around her loyal
people such safeguards as our wisdom here
can suggest. I have seen the wisdom of this
in my own State. When I came-here, not
a member of this body, two years ago, and
asked Congress to admit us, I saw then that
we should be safer in our owp hands, relying
upon our own strength, standing upon the jus-
tice and wisdom of our own principles and
trusting to the slow correction of public opin-
ion, to which you finally remand us, than we
were or could be under any military protection
or any congressional protection; and tfie result
has vindicated the wisdom of my judgment and
the wisdom of the judgment of the Congress
in readmitting the State of Alabama into the
Union and giving over to her people the con-
trol of their own affairs. Now, while there
are many things there that I deplore, while
life and property are not safe as I would have
them; while there are many outrages being
committed there; while menare being abused—
yes, murdered—who are guilty of no uiime un-
less loyalty to the flag of our common country
be a crime; while I deplore these things, yet
when T look at Georgia and Mississippi and
Texas in the hands of Congress, in the hands
of the Government of the United States, and
see these things existing in a tenfold worse
degree there, 1 am thankful that we have the
control of our own affairs; and I do not see
that the wisdom of Congress has yet devised a
wayby which mencan be better protected than
they can when they have the control of their
own affairs. I know further, too, that in point
of peace, in point of material prosperity, every
consideration prompts to the immediate settle-
ment of this question.
I know that my own goodly State of Ala-
bama is to-day five years further ahead in ma-
terial prosperity and on the road to the final
settlement of these questions, settled as they
must be finally by public opinion, than is the
State of Georgia upon the one hand or the State
of Mississippi upon the other. Our people are
prosperous to a great extent; they are fast be-
coming contented; our lands are rising in value ;
capital and immigration are flowing in upon us,
and to-day there are in the State of Alabama
one thousand miles of railroad being built, the
rails being laid down upon the earth, which
would not have been true had we been left in
the condition of Georgia and of Mississippi
and of Texas.
Now the colored people are leaving Virginia
in flocks ; they are fleeing from the State as
from a pestilence, and in part it is because of
the intolerance which exists there, but in good
part, also, because of the unsettled condition of
her affairs, and because of the uncertainty
which hangs over her future.
But the only reason that has been urged is a
technical one as to the application of the test-
oath. Mr. President, I have but little reliance
these test-oaths. I would willingly vote to
"ipe them all out. They do not strike fairly.
There is many a man who cannot take the test-
oath or your reconstruction oath ; there is many
s man disabled by your fourteenth amendment
who is a better man and fitter to be trusted than
many who can. It may have its effect in the
choice of United States Senators. The appli-
cation of it may determine whether John Brown
or John Jones" shall be United States Senator,
but as to its affecting theinteiests of the State,
or the question of loyalty or protection to loyal
men, I have 110 faith in it.
And, Mr. President, as we are to be re-
manded finally to the bar of public opinion, an
enlightened public opinion throughout the
country for the settlement of these questions,
if there be any one thing plainly written upon
the political horizon it is that we have got to
abandon, if we have pursued it, this proscrip-
tive policy. My platform for the South would
be this : I would go there with the halter in
one hand and universal amnesty in the other;
I would hang men for murder and I would
pardon them for rebellion; I would, forgive
past offenses, the offenses committed in rebel-
lion ; but I would hang the murderers of to-
day. Give us that platform and you will give
us peace. If we in our wisdom, Mr. Presi-
dent, can devise some means by which this
Government can show its power to reach and
take a murderer in the South and punish him
one instance of that kind will be worth more
than a thousand test-oaths. I have been rely-
ing on test-oaths ; I am sadly discouraged by
the case of Tennessee. There we have seen
the policy of proscription applied; there we
have seen the effort to keep the pyramid upon
its apex until finally it has tumbled back aud
brought ruin upon all. I have 110 faith in it.
Mr. President, I would have Virginia admit-
ted because I feel that we have exhausted our
resources in protecting her people; I would
have her admitted because I feel that her peo-
ple will be far better off when these questions
are settled than they are now ; I would have
her admitted because she will be materially
more prosperous, because then emigration and
capital will seek her; I would have her admit-
ted because [ would have these questions set-
tled, that we may go to the country showing
that we have settled these issues, and receive
the approval of public opinion.
I think that hero it is well for us to mark
carefully how we proceed. This question of
the fifteenth amendment is at issue here. We
need the vote of this State for its adoption.
We understand well that it is the purpose,
perhaps, of our opponents to bring the ques-
tion of the adoption of our amendments to the
bar of the courts. I would rely here again
upon public opinion. If these questions are
notmade speedily the march of public opinion
will have swept us by all points of danger, and
the judgment of the country will have settled
down upon the conclusion that all men are
created free aud equal, with equal rights as
citizens.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew the motion to
postpone the consideration of this question
until Thursday next.
Mr. STEWART. On that I shall ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr.WILLEY. Mr. President, it strikes me
that there is more involved in this question of
postponement than might appear at first blush.
What do we propose to postpone ? The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have reported n joint
resolution declaring that the State of Virginia
is now entitled to representation ; and that
brings up no ordinary question. It brings up
the highest question of privilege, in my esti-
mation, which could be presented to this body;
not a question of personal privilege; not a
question of the privilege of any limited num-
ber of persons ; but the question of privilege
upon the part of a State of this Union, a whole
community. That committee have declared it
as their judgment that the State of Virginia is
now entitled to representation. If that should
turn out to be true what do we do by post-
ponement? We keep a whole State from her
voice upon this floor. We assume to pass laws
which are to affect the interests of that whole
State, the lives of her people, the interests of
her people, without her having any voice upon
this floor where, according to the joint resolu-
tion of the Judiciary Committee, she is now
entitled to have a voice. Therefore I consider
this a question of the highest moment, and one
that should not be postponed a minute longer
than is absolutely necessary. .
But it is alleged that time is required to con-
sider this question properly. Why, sir, this
joint resolution was reported before the recess.
We have had three weeks' time to reflect upon
it [without anything to interfere with our re-
flections. . .
It is alleged that there is information which
may be brought to the consideration of the
Senate highly important and fundamentally
affecting the question. Why is not that inform-
ation here to-day? Has any excuse been of-
fered why it is not here ? Has any good reason
been alleged why we should not consider this
question now ? Sir, I do not mean to say how
1 shall vote upon this question when it finally
comes up; I will hear the discussion upon it;
but I do mean to say that this is a question of
the highest character, a question of the privi-
lege of a State ; and if she is entitled to a voice
in the enactment of the laws which are to gov-
ern her citizens she ought not to be excluded
from this floor for one moment unless upon
the plainest and most palpable and best rea-
sons.
There is another thing that I will say here
before I take my seat, fori did not rise to dis-
cuss the merits of the question. The Congress
of the United States, in my estimation, stands
pledged to admit Virginia unless good reason
be shown to the contrary. It is alleged, the
President of the United States in his message
has alleged, that she has complied with every
condition which we imposed upon her. The
Judiciary Committee have not made a written
report on the subject, but the joint resolution
which they present to the Senate is the best
report they could make in regard to that fact,
that she has complied with every condition
which we have imposed upon her, and they
have reported the fact that she is now entitled
to representation. Having fully complied with
every condition, so far as we know, being now
entitled to representation, if such be the fact
how can we consistently stand here in out-
places and postpone her rights upon this floor
and in this Government one moment more
than is necessary to ratify the conclusion, if it
be a correct conclusion ; and if it is not cor-
rect let Senators allege the reasons why it is
not correct.
Senators say, " Give us time." Have they
not had ample time? Have they not had al!
the leisure time they could desire? Shall we
stand here interposing mere dilatory pleas in
the way of a State of this Union, prohibiting
her from her voice on this floor, when the
highest committee of this body has solemnly
leported to us that she is entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress ?
Sir, I cannot, consistently with my views of
propriety in this case, consent to one moment's
delay. Iwitn the distinguished Senator from
Indiana, if I had had my will in this measure,
would have placed additional restrictions i>i
the original bills beyond those which are in-
cluded 111 those bills. I, too, would have
required that the members of her Legislatuie
before they came into court, like parties com-
ing into a court of equity, should come with
clean hands. But, sir, we did not make that
requisition ; we did not impose that condition.
We presented to the people of Virginia con-
ditions upon their compliance with which we
solemnly declared by our enactments we would
receive them into practical relations with th,
Government. It has been reoorted by th,-
S^eg^ernment ■that Virginia has com-
plied, the Judiciary Committee of the Semite
to-dav'no off ' r?Porte<i t0 « e same facta,„l
or Sf L. f rea,S?D' ?° reason
or tact has been adduced to the contrary
Iherefore, I am unwilling to ;e<; this
