3534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
our favor of $101,861,116 85. This too, Mr.
Chairman, was an amount expended by Great
Britain in one year upon a navy that it kept up
every year to a point of nearly absolute per-
fection. This equivalent of $122,000,000 of
our money has been spent by Great Britain, not
in repairing the waste of a vast war, but upon a
navy which is guarded and watched as closely
as a man guards his honor. Every year there
is an appropriation for the English navy of
something equivalent to about $122,000,000 of
our money, and yet because our Navy Depart-
ment has expended $20,990,000 in one year
the Committee on Appropriations talk about
the extravagance of the Navy Departmentand
about "pausing to consider" whether we are
wasting the people's money. France spends
more than double what we do. There is the
record; I have not time to elaborate upon it.
I say this: that we got in the Navy Depart-
ment last year more for the money expended
than in any other Department; more for the
money than any other nation or people got far
the money they put into their navy depart-
ments. 1 was surprised to find the results I
did on investigation. I wish gentlemen would
look at the figures for themselves. They will
see there has been remarkably good conduct
on the part of the Navy Department. Gentle-
men can look at the reports and see how is
this.
I do not ask that there shall be an expensive
Navy. We do not want it. We want a respect-
able Navy. I am not speaking in the interest
of the Navy as opposed to the interest of navi-
gation and commerce. The two must run along
together. We cannot afford to leave commerce
to languish, or to leave our Navy to die out.
Both must flourish together. You cannot give
up the Navy entirely and wait for commerce to
revive. Build up commerce and less needs to
be done for the Navy; but in the mean time you
are doing .neither, and some day shame and
disgrace will be upon us. Mr. Welles, in his
report of 1865, speaks as follows regarding
the sympathy between our commerce and our
Navy:
"In time of peace our Navy should be actively
employed in visiting every commercial port where
American capital is employed, and there are few
available points on the globe which American enter-
prise has not penetrated and reached,. But com-
merce needs protection, and our squadrons and pub-
lic vessels in commission must not be inactive. One
or more of our naval vessels ought annually to dis-
play the flag of the Union in every port where our
ships may trade. The commerce and navy of a peo-
ple have a common identity, are inseparable com-
panions. Bach is necessary for the otbe*< and both
are essential to national prosperity and strength.
Wherever our merchant ships may be employed,
there should be within convenient proximity a naval
force to protect them and make known our naval
power.
"Following the track of commerce and visiting
every navigable portion of the globe, the intelligent
officers of the Navy are capable, from their position
and opportunities, of acquiring and communicating
a vast amount of useful information, thereby bene-
fiting commerce, and by continual additions to the
stores of knowledge, promoting the welfare of the
country and of mankind."
Mr.i MORGAN then addressed the House
in remarks which will be found in the Appen-
dix. He then yielded ten minutes to
Mr. COX. 1 would inquire of the Chair how
much, of the gentleman's time is now left?
The CHAIRMAN.. About ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I would prefer not to goon just
at this time.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] that he
might yield now to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] who is prepared
to go on, and then he could take his time here-
after.
Mr. COX, I am willing to yield now to the
.gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.Stevens]
the ten minutes which have been yielded to me
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
with the understanding that I can hereafter have
the time allowed me.
The CHAIRMAN. By the arrangement
■which the Chair understands to have bf en made
with the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn,} who has charge of this bill, the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] will
be entitled to half an hour after the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] has concluded
his remarks. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] proposes, as the Chair understands,
to yield the ten minutes of the time of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] which are
left, and which have been given him, to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. COX. That is my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman
from New Hampshire will be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, in what I
may say upon this bill I do not wish to be
understood as antagonizing myself against that
distinguished arm of the public service known
as the Navy of the United States. And although
I may have occasion to indulge in something
which may perhaps partake of the nature of
criticism, I wish to be understood as doing it
only because of the strong impression I have
that some reforms which are within the scope
of congressional action are due to the country
and to the tax-paying people of the United
States.
It becomes a pertinent question, are we to
have economy in the public expenditures?
Under the administration of General Grant,
and in the. light of a year's experience, this
question, general and sweeping as it is, may
be safely answered in the affirmative. Ajre we
to have economy in the administration of our
naval affairs ? I answer, not quite so emphat-
ically in the light of a year's experience, that
we are, for such economy is included in the
early pledge of the President to the people of
this country, and the people are awake to the
importance of its fulfillment, so auspiciously
begun in other branches of the public adminis-
tration. I take it for granted that we are to
have economy even in the administration of
our naval affairs; but looking back to its his-
tory far the past few years the suggestive ques-
tion reaches us at once, from what source is it
to come?
Mr. Chairman, I thank the Committee on
Appropriations that we have in the provisions
of this bill a partial solution at least of this
importantquestion. Wehave found out, thanks
to the oourage and just regard of what is due
to the tax-payers of this country, exhibited
by the Committee on Appropriatious, that Con-
gress has the power, as I trust we shall find it
has the will, to check the extravagant expend-
iture of money, in the last resort by striking at
once at the source , of supply. This House
holds the pttrsg strings of the nation, and has
the power to say to all classes of public ex-
travagance, "Thus far shalt thou go, and no
further." It is, indeed, matter of congratula-
tion that under the administration of General
Grant we have entered in earnest upon the
exercise of that power, and at last, on a broader
and more extensive scale, have begun to act on
that just sentiment of the President which de-
mands a strict economy in public expenditure.
Connected as I am, Mr. Chairman, as a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
somewhat officially with the workings of this
branch of the public service, I am glad of an
opportunity, without intrusion, to give my
whole power and strength to tiie support of
what 1 regard as a most economical measure,
emanating from the committee and embodied
in the provisions of this bill. In sustaining
that bill in all its main features, and especially
in its reduction of the excessive estimates made
by the Navy Department for the coming year,
which I shall do most heartily and. most cor-
dially, I know that in some respects I am
entering upon a disagreeable duty. I have
been long enough an observer, of public affairs
to know how common and natural it is for
Departments and bureaus to court the largest
appropriations, atidT how easy it is for one who
in the interests of the people, the tax- payers
of the country, thrusts himself between this
desire and the expenditure of the public funds
to be marked as an object of unpopularity and
censure in certain quarters.
Disregarding, sir, all these consequences,
permit me to say without intending to impute
any dishonesty, that there are obvious reasons
why Departments and bureaus seek the largest
appropriations. Plenty of money lubricates
the machine and renders its routine revolu-
tions quiet and easy, and it is much more
agreeable to meet the demand of some favor-
ite scheme out of an abundant surplus of un-
expended balances than to ask Congress for
its aid through the provisions of a deficiency
bill. To be sure it is not quite so easy for
those who furnish the means and pay the taxes;
but it seems to me sometimes that gentlemen
who have the cure of these things, who ad-
minister the affairs of the Departments, and
who are remote from contact with the people,
are inclined to regard with little favor these
ideas of economy. They are near enough to
the people'8 Representatives to make their
wishes known and on all proper occasions to
tell them through self-constituted organs and
other sources of pressure what their demands
are and what the public wants in their estima-
tion require. Mr. Chairman, in no Department
of the Government, so far as my observation
goes, has this been for the last few years more
strongly illustrated than in the Navy. In no
Department have the balances been so large or
excessive. The managers of that Department
have been gifted with the very genius of enter-
prise. That branch of the service is crowded
with distinguished and gallant men. The rec-
ord of their eminent services, speaking of
them professionally, is of the choicest treas-
ures of our country's history. No man goes
before me in admiration for the gallant actions
which have associated their names forever with
the achievements of our arms, especially during
the recentrebellion. I will trust them anywhere
with the enemy of the Government; but I hope
the courage and enterprise with which Mobile
and Fort Fisher were won may not be trans-
ferred to the Treasury of the United States
under any pretext of the necessities of a mag-
nificent Navy or the unnecessary expansion ot'
pur naval force. A' generous country recog-
nizes their services. It has done something for
them heretofore to be sure. We have given
them rank unequaled in our naval history; we
have made admirals of captains, and viee ad-
mirals of lieutenants ; we have enriched them
in many instances with enormous spoils known
as prize-money ; we are retiring them on their
laurels on high rank and pay ; we have shown
that republics are not always ungrateful, at
least to the regular Army and the regular Navy,
whatever may have been their course toward
that great volunteer force which has been
resolved into the original elements from which
it sprung. I do not begrudge all this j but shall
we intrust them also with the Treasury of the
United States?
I speak, sir, in this vein beeause I would not
ignore the condition of things as they exist
to-day. I would, not ignore the*fact that for
the last twelve months the Navy has been
practically under the charge of a distinguished
officer \fho has guided its interests, and under
whose authority the public treasure has been
expended. Perhaps, sir, it may be thought
best that the power of the Navy Department
should be transferred from civil hands and
turned over to military aspirations, experience,
and judgment. Such may, perhaps, be the
opinion of members on this floor. I, sir, have
not reached that point of conviction. I think,
sir, that theoretically and practically the head
of the Navy Department should be a civil offi-
cer, in the discharge of whose high dudes we
might find reconciliation of jarring discords,
the restraints of that partisanship which almost
always exists in military circles, and strict
economy and just expenditure in relation to
the public money of the people, to whom he
is responsible. I know, sir, that for a long
