2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Eortion to their value. From very shame they
ave kept out the price of some of the woolen
goods opposite which these notes of exclama-
tion are put. I will ask the attention of the
gentleman to certain of these percentages as
to woolen goods. If he will examine into the
matter he will find it the same with regard to
them as with regard to some of the cotton
goods. They manufacture abroad and send out
here, as good enough for Yankees, woolens,
such as delaines and merinoes, and cotton
goods, as ginghams, &c., worth only 2 or 8
cents per yard. And then, because for the pro-
tection of our own manufactures and for pur-
poses of revenue, and to get a good quality
of goods in our market, we put a reasonable
tariff on them, gentlemen cry outthattlie tariff
imposes an enormous percentage on the ori-
ginal cost; failing to see, what is true, that the
original cost proves the goods to be worthless,
not fit to be p.ut on the market. The same
thing is true as to cotton goods.
( litre the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I wish, when the gentleman has
another opportunity of addressing the com-
mittee, that he will read Mr. Stewart's state-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend by striking out "35" and inserting
"10." The. gentleman from Ohio continues
to err in supposing that shoddy is altogether a
British manufacture. Wo Yankeesdonotallow
ourselves to be outdone by John Bull in the
manufacture of shoddy. There is no more
shoddy-making in Europe than there is in
Connecticut and other parts of New England.
Skill in making shoddy goods is as remarkable
there as in regard to other matters. Jt is also
true that it is not hero that we find the material
change in the existing tariff. The objectionable
feature of the bill is, that by the votes of mem-
bers here we are called upon to ratify an unholy
and villainous compact made in 1807, not long
after the termination of the civil war; to reeu-
aet that compact and to give it the sanction of
this House. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Suiienck] has referred to the low-priced goods,
lawns and ginghams, which in England would
cost only 6 cents a yard, and which under our
duties are brought up to 17 cents a yard. Our
people in New York pay that profit on those
lawns, and the people in the country pay a
still higher profit on them when imported from
England. The gentleman from Ohio remarked
on Saturday, with regard to my motion for a
restriction of the duty on blankets so that it
should not exceed 100 per cent, ad valorem,
that it was " a slur." 1 do not often indulge
in that kind of thing in this House, and cer-
tainly I did not on that occasion. I ask the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the
figures 1 shall now stale, and which are irresist-
ibly supported by invoices and prices-current.
The 0-pound blankets cost Is. 9\d. in England,
in our money 43 cents, per pound; that is, a
0-pound blanket costs without ft eight, without
insurance, without any of the costs of import-
ation, $2 57; while the duty which the gentle-
man from Ohio imposes by this bill is §2 70,
being 13 cents more than the 100 per cent,, to
which I proposed to restrict the bill on Saturday.
I call, then, the attention of the country, if
not of the House, to the fact that in dealing
with this bill the House dared not and would
not restrict the profits of the blanket-makers in
this country, who have an entire monopoly, to
100 per cent. My proposition to restrict their
profits to 100 per cent, was voted down, and I
can now demonstrate, by the invoices which are
in my possession, that on a G-pound superfine
blanket a duty of more than 100 per cent, ad
valorem is imposed by this bill. Theieis another
material alteiation in this section to which 1
desire to call the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. The part
of the section which reads " composed wholly
or in part of wool, worsted, the hair of goats
or other animals," reads in the old law "com-
Eosed wholly or in part of wool, worsted, the
air of goats or other like animals." I ask
the gentleman now to take a portion of my
time to explain why he has struck out the word
"like."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIC. I will take the gentlemen
in their order, and I will move to amend if an
amendment be necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can
oppose the amendment.
Sir. SCHENCK. Then my little speech in
reply to both the gentlemen from New York
will fit this case and a great many other cases
that have been arising and will arise, I sup-
pose, during the whole progress of this debate.
Whenever we get a parapraph under con-
sideration, gentlemen raise an outcry about
something else that is not in that paragraph,
and they have adopted that as the means of
assailing the provisions of this bill. For in-
stance, the first gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] does not talk about the dress goods
which are here under consideration, but goes off
to show that there are certain goods, so sleazy,
so worthless, so utterly unfit for use, flooding
our market sometimes, or that would do it if
the market were open to them, that if you put
a duty of 3, 4, or 6 cents on them it would be
an enormous percentage. The other gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] failed to
talk about the dress goods which are under
consideration, and talked about shoddy and
blankets. 1 say that on every occasion I find
that whenever we undertake to put a finger
down on these gentlemen, like the Irishman's
flea they are not there, but in some other
place, f propose to confine the committee to
the consideration of that particular paragraph;
and I say that it is but a repetition of the rates
of duties provided in the existing law with a
single exception, that a distinction has been
made which puts gray goods at a lower rate of
duty than the colored goods, which is not now
the fact. What we do is to let down the duty
on a part of these goods and not to raise any.
Mr. COX. Allow me a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will come to the gentle-
man again in a moment. I am going to prove
what 1 said. I happen to hold in my hand a
higher authority than free-trade documents got
tip for the purpose, with all their distortions, or
letters from anybody. I hold the report from
the Treasury Department, with an account of
each one of the particular kinds of goods men-
tioned in this paragraph, and the average per-
centage uponeach of them, and the average in-
voice valuation whenever it is an ad valorem
duty, and 1 find that they range from 50J up to
083, and no higher in any case whatever. If
gentlemen have any doubts about this they have
buttoreferto the.statistical report of the Deputy
Special Commissioner of the Revenue and they
will find verified everything that I say. It gives
the value, the cost per square yard, and the
rate of duty on each, and carries it out; and it
shows that the percentage upon that which was
highest of all was G8J per cent.; on the next
class 08 per cent.; on the next Glij; and on the
two remaining kinds, 011 the one it is 011 and
the other 50j. And thatis all thatis contained
in that paragraph; and 1 put the Treasury
returns, the reportfrom the Statistical Bureau,
against all these got-up statements in the inter-
est of those who are either for the importers—
A. T. Stewart or anybody else—or in the inter-
est of English free trade.
Here are facts not to be gainsaid. Here is
the whole importation for the year of each par-
ticular class coming under this paragraph, and
the existing law is the same as the paragraph
now under consideration as to the description
of goods; and here is the percentage, and it
is not to be changed by any calculations made
from the outside. The only change, I repeat,
that we have made is that we have put down
to a lower rate of duty, from 0 to 4 cents a
square yard, those that are not colored, but
are gray, in order that we may make a proper
distinction and discrimination betweenfinishing
goods here in this country and goods which
are imported in a finished state.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would in-
quire of my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Schbnok] why he has
struck out the word "like" before the word
"animals," 111 line one hundred aud eighty-
one of this bill, that word being in the law
of 1867?
Mr. SCHENCK. I well understand what the
gentlemanis drivingat. It isclaimodthat these
cloths are made from a combination of mate-
rials, principally of shoddy, with a sort of out-
side dressing of cows' hair, and that they are
a sort of goods that ought to be permitted to
come into this country at some lower rate of
duty. And the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is apprehensive that the general
use of the word "animals," in the clause " from
the hair of goats or other animals," may ex-
clude or put a higher rate of duty on cows'
hair cloth.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Used by the
poor people.
Mr. SCHENCK. All I have to say is that
wo had specimens of this cows' hair cloth
exhibited to us, and an explanation given to
us of the manner in which it is made ; and it
is exactly what I have described it. It is a
compound of miserable shoddy, through which
you can thrust your finger without difficulty,
with an outside dressing of either cows' hair,
horse hair, or something else, and we did not
believe it was entitled to any special consider-
ation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will dwell
more at length upon that subject hereafter.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Cox.
Mr. COX. I will modify my amendment so
as to provide for 30 per cent, ad valorem.
There is a great deal of force in what the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spiiekok] says in
relation to the ignorance of people outside of
the House, as well as some members here, in
relation to the various items of this and sim-
ilar bills. One of the chief objections to this
tariff business, as it has been crystallized in
legislation during the last seven or eight years,
is that the various clauses are so complicated
that nobody but an expert, or the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Sciienck,] can understand it.
Mr. SCHENCK. You can read the figures;
here they are.
Mr. COX. I cannot always read them as
others do, and some read them differently from
others. Let me illustrate. Take the tariffs
on manufactures of cotton: the practical re-
sult of assessing the duties on fabrics of cot-
ton in the complex way is that the duties
on those goods have been returned by the
appraisers as follows : as cottons under 100
threads to the square yard, as ginghams, and
as colored cottons over 100 threads to the
square yard. The result of assessing duties
in this complex way was that the percentages
of duty resultingwere as follows: 48 percent.,
89 per cent., and 59 per cent. How is any
merchant to know what duty he is to pay?
And should not stability and comprehensibil-
ity be characteristics of any tariff, whether
protective or not? In another instance some
poplins were appraised by weight, and pre-
cisely the same articles, imported by another
merchant, by the lineal yard. The result was
that one importer paid 119 per cent, duty and
the other only 08 per cent. The enormous
duties exacted on these classes of merchandise,
which are articles of the first necessity to the
people, are shown clearly by an invoice before
me. Here are some of them : 128 per cent., 109
per cent., 119 per cent., 99 per cent., 96 per
cent. And the same practice prevails to some
extent, and will prevail, in respect to woolen
