5422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. CONGER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary question, and ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether he has any information of how 
Mr. STEVENSON. That is debate, and I
object.
The ninety-first amendment of the Senate
was read, as -follows:
Add as an additional section: ...
Skc. 33. And be it further enacted, That merchandise
transported under the provisions of this act shall be
conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely fas-
tened with locks or seals, under the exclusive control
of the officers of customs; and inspectors shall bo
stationed at proper points along Undesignated routes,
or upon any car, vessel, vehielo, or train, at the dis-
cretion of the said Secretary and at tho expenso of
the said companies, respectively. And such merchan-
dise shall not be unladen or transhipped between the
ports of first arrival and final destination.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move that the
amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninety-second amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Add as an additional section:
Sec. 3-1. And be it further enacted, That merchandise
bo destined for immediate transportation as afore-
said,except the packages designatcdfor examination,
shall be transferred, under proper supervision, di-
rectly from the importing vessel to the cars, vessel,
or vehicles in which the same is to be transported to
its final destination; and if transferred from the im-
porting vessel to any bonded or other warehouse, or
to any other place than such car, vessel, orvehicle.it
shall be taken possession of by the collcctor as un-
claimed, and deposited in public storo, and shall not
be removed from sueh store without entry and ap-
praisement, as in ordinary cases, liut the Secretary
of tho Treasury may, in his discretion, and with such
precaution as he shall deem proper, authorize tho
establishment of bonded warehouses especially and
exclusively appropriated to the reception of such
merchandise in cases where its immediate transfer to
the transporting car, vessel, or vehicle shall bo im-
practicable. ISut merchandise remaining in such
warehouse more than ten days shall bo deprived of
the privileges conferred by this act, and shall be
taken possession of by the collector as unclaimed,
and held until regularly ontercd and appraised.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninety-third amendment
of the Senate, as follows :
Add as an additional section ;
Sec. 35. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall proscribe forms of entries,
oaths, bonds, and other papers to bo required, und
all needlul rules and regulations, not inconsistent
with law, to beobserved in the execution of this act,
which shall bavo the force and effect of law.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninety-fourth amendment
of the Senate, as follows :
Add as an additional section:
Sue. 38. And be if further enacted, That the privi-
leges of thi3 act shall extend to the ports of New
York, in ihe State of New York; Boston, in the State
ot .Massachusetts; Providence, in the State of Ilhodo
Island; Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania;
Baltimore,in the StateofMaryland; Norfolk, in the
Stato of Virginia; Charleston, in the State ot South
Carolina; Savannah, in the State of Georgia; New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana; Portland, in the
State of Maine; Buffalo, in the State ot New York;
Chicago, in the State of Illinois; Cincinnati, in the
State of Ohio; St. Louis, in the Stato of Missouri;
Rvansville, in the State of Indiana; Milwaukee, in
the State of Wisconsin; Louisville, in the Slate ot
Kentucky; Cleveland, in the State of Ohio; San
Francisco, in the State of California; Portland, in
the State of Oregon; Memphis, in the State of Ten-
nessee, and Mobile, in tho State of Alabama; and
to importations from or to Europo, and from or to
Asia, or tho islands adjacent thereto, via the United
States.
Mr. FINKELNBURG^ I move that the
amendment be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. Some places are omitted,
and it might be as well to non-concur and let
it go to a conference committee.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninety-fifth amendment
of the Senate, as follows :
Add as a new section:
SfcC. 37. And be it further enacted, That at each,
of said ports, for which an appraiser of imported
merchandise is not now provided for by law, there
shall bo appointed an appraiser of imported mer-
chandise, at a .salary of $3,000 per annum, and also
such number of weighers, gangers, measurers, and
inspectors, as maybe necessary to execute the pro-
visions of this act, who shall receive tho ordinary
legal compensation of such officers.
t Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand a
division on that amendment. It creates about
one thousand new office-holders.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
78, noes 38.
Mr. CONGER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas UO, nays 7G, not voting
64; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, Afc-
, wood, Ayer, Beatty, Beck, Bird, Boles, Boyd, Buck-
; ley, Rurehard, Burdott, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Sidney Claikc, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Cook,
Crebs, Cullotn, Darrall, Dcgencr, Dickey, Dickinson,
I)ixon, Farnsworth, Pinkclnburg, Garfield, l-Iarris,
Hawkins, lluwloy. Hay. Jcnckos, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Logan, Lough-
ndge, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCoruiick, Mo-
Crary, McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morphis,
Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Palmer, Phelps, Prosser, Rice, Rogers, Hoots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schumakcr, Lionel A. Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Sweeney, TaftV, Tillman, Trimble,
T>ner, Upson,Van Horn, Van Trump,Wallace, Cad-
walador C. Washburn, Welkor, Wells, Wilkinson,
John T.Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—90.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archcr, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Booker, George
M.Brooks, James Brooks. Bulfinton, Benjamin P.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Davis, Dawes, Donley, Duval. Ela, Ferriss. Ferry,
Fisher, Getz, GiUUlnn, Huig lit, Hill, Hooper, Kelloarg,
ICelsey, Kctcham, Knnpp, Lawrence, Mayham, Mc-
Carthy, MGrcw, McKenzie, Mercur, Jilxakim II.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrcll, Pock,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Hoove*, Sanford, Seofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Starkweather, Stiles, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, T arm or. Taylor, To wnsend,Twichell,
Van Auken.Van Wyck,Ward, William B.Washburn,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Woodward—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arlams, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham,
Bowen, Buck, Calkin, Cessna, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cox, Dockery, Dox,
Dyer, Eldridgc, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Griswold, llalde-
man, Hale, Hambloton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hays,
Ileflm, Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Alexander H.Jones, Julian, ICelley, Lallin, Lash,
McKcc, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Negley, Newsham, Packer,Perce, Piatt, Pome-
roy, Porter, Randall, Ridgway, Schenck, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stone, Strader,
Voorhees, and Witcher—64.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. BOLES. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to the Senate amendment, section
thirty-six, and to amend the same by inserting,
on page 1*22, line sixteen, after the word "Ala-
bama,' '' 'Little Rock,in the State of Arkansas.'}
Objection was made.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate:
Skc. 38. And be it further enaetedt That any person
maliciously opening, breaking, or entering, by any
means whatever, any car, vessel, vehicle, warehouse,
or package, containing any such merchandise deliv-
ered for transportation as aforesaid, removing, injur-
ing, breaking, or defacing any lock or seal placed
upon such car. vessel, vehicle, warehouse, or pack-
age; or aiding, abetting, or encouraging any other
person or persons so to remove, break, injure, or
deface such locks or soals, or to open, break, or enter
such car, vessel, or vehicle, with intent to remove,
or cause to be removed, unlawfully any merchandise
therein, or in any manner to injuro or defraud the
United States; and any person receiving any mer-
chandise unlawfully removed from any such car,
vessel, or vehicle, knowing it to have been so unlaw-
fully removed, shall be guilty of felony, and, in addi-
tion to any penalties heretofore prescribed, shall, on
conviction, be imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than two years; and any person swearing
willfully false in any oath prescribed in this act, or
by the Secretary of the Treasury, in pursuanco of
authority to make all needful regulations conferred
upon him by this act, shall be guilty of willful and
corrupt perjury.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate :
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted. That sections
 of this act shall take effect on tho 1st day of
October, 1870.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire that that amend-
ment shall be non-concurred in. >,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider all
the votes of concurrence and non-concurrence
in the amendments of the Senate; and I also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that a com-
mittee of conference be asked upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon this bill.*"
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LISA YE TO PRINT.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to print some remarks on the tax and
tariff bill. [See Appendix.]
CASK OF PATRICK WOODS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the
following papers to be read, that they may be
entered on the Journal of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
House of Representatives, U. S. 
July 7,1870.
To Nkiiemiaii G. Op.DWAY, esq.. Sergeant-at-Anns;
Sin: The following resolution was this day adopted
by the House of Representatives, to wit:
" Resolved, That Patrick Woods, now held at the
bar of the House to answer for a breach of the priv-
ileges of the House, lor his offense be, arid he is
hereby, ordered to be punished by imprisonment in
the jail of the District of Columbia, as other crim-
inals are, for three months, and that a warrant be
made out in form under the hand of the Speaker, and
issued to tho Sergcant-at-Arms, directing the execu-
tion of this order."
Now. therefore, this is to require you, Nehemiah
G. Ordway, Sergeant-at;Arms of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, to execute tho
foregoing order of the House of Representatives.
Given under my hand and the seal of the House
r al of Representatives, the day and year abovo
LL. o.j writton.
J. G. BLAINE,.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Attest: Edward McPhersox, Clerk. .
Office of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
U. S. House op Representatives,
July 8, 2S70.
I have executed the within warrant of the House
of Representatives upon Patrick Woods by deliver-
ing him to the warden of the jail in the District of
Columbia, togetherwith an attested copy of said war-
rant, and with tho following furtherorder addressed
to him by me, to wit:
To the warden of the jail of tho District of Columbia
Sir: Pursuant to the order of the United States
House of Representatives, a true copy of which is
hereto annexed, you are hereby required to receive
Patrick "Woods into the jail aforesaid, and him there
detain for the full term of three months named in said
order of tho United States House of Representatives;
and you will notsurrenderbaid Woods to any author-
ity except that issuing from said House of Represent-
atives until tho expiration of his sentence without
further orders.
N. G. ORDWAY, Sergeant-at-Arm ■?,
U. iS'. House of iCe&i'esentatives.
July 8. 18T0.
I have this day received iuto the jail of the District
of Columbia the above-named Patiiok Wood?.
JOHN S. CROCKER,
"Warden United State's Jail.
Per D. B. MACK.
The SPEAKER. These papers will be
entered on the Journal of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
know by what authority the Sergeant-at-Arms
issued that order, that his warrant should be
considered as superior to all civil authority in
the United States?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is only respons-
ible for what he did himself.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I pronounce
it a most unwarrantable act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has merely
directed that in accordance with the prece-
dents, these papers shall be entered ou the
Journal of the House. *
CONTESTED-ELECTION ZEIGM3R YS. KICB.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I call up the contested-election ease of
John L. Zeigler vs. John M. Rice, from the
ninth district of the State of Kentucky. I pro-
pose merely to start the case to-night, and then
