4478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
burn, Wheeler, WiJlard, John T.Wilson, and Wood-
word— 94.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Arncll, Ayer, Barnum,
Benjamin. Bennett, Bowen, James Brooks, Benja-
min 1\ Butler. Cake, Covode, Davis, Dickinson,
Dockeiy, Ela, Bklridye, Feny, Fitch, Gibson, Gilfil-
Jnn, llaldeman, Hale, Ilambleton, Haraill, Hamilton,
Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Jonckes, Johnson, Alexander
II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, MeCrary, MeKee, Morphis, Myers,
Ncgley,O'Neill,Palmer.Peters, Porter, Potter, Gros-
ser, Randall, Sebumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Slocum,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Wortbington 0.
Smith. Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Swarm, T^wns-
end, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wallace, Welker, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Williams, and Eugene M. Wil-
son—67.
So the amendment of Mr. Allison was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Burchard, to amend the substitute of
the committee by adding the following as a
new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
every national banking association shall retain and
keep in coin or Treasury coin certificates, as part of
its rcservo, tho interest falling due upon its bonds
deposited as security lor its circulation, until the
reserve required to bo kept by such bank at its place
of business shall consist wholly of coin and coin
certificates,  
The amendment was not agreed toj there
being—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Coburn, to add to the substitute of the
committee the following, as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to issue on tho credit of the United States the
sum of $44,000,000 of United States notes, in addition
to such as have been, heretofore issued, in denom-
inations of not less than &100, under the provisions
of law for issuing such notes, and shall with them
redeem tho said, three per cent, temporary loan cer-
tificates, used as a portion of tho lawful money
reserves by the national banks.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
eyes 49, noes G2.
Mr. COBUKN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken $ and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays Uo, not voting
68; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Beatty, Beck, Benncrt, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck-
ley, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick K. Butler,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Co-
bum, Cook, Cornier, Crebs, Cuilom, Bockery, Box,
Dyer, Eldridge, Gibson,(Jriswold,Ilambleton, Haw-
kins, Hay, Hays, Ileflin, llolman, Ingersoll, Knott,
Lash, Lawience, Lewis, Marshall, Maynard, McCor-
111 ick. MeKenzie, McNeely, Eliakim fi. Moore, Jesse
II. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissoy, -Mungen,
Nowsbam, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Pomcroy, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Roots, Sher-
rod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Strader, Taffe, Trim-
ble, Tyner, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Wells, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, and
Wood—77.
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Bufiinton, Burchard,
Burdctt, Calkin, Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Dawes Degencr, Dickey,
Dixon.Donley.Duval, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fmkeln-
burg. Fisher. Fox, Garfield,Getz, Haight. Hale,Haw-
ley, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketobam, Knapp, Lafiin, Mayham,
McCarthy, McGrew, Me**our, William Moore, Dan-
iel J. Morrcll, Samuel P. Morrill, Paekcr, Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Pbelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Sanford, Sawyer, Schcnck, Sebumaker, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Tvvichell, Upson,
Van Auken, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wheeler, Willard, Winans, and
W oodward—95.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Arncll, Ayer, Baraum,
Bigss, Bowen, Cake, Cessna, Covode, Davis, Dick-
inson, Ela, Ferry, Fitch, Gilfillan, llaldeman, Ham-
ill, Hamilton, Harris, Ileaton, Hill, Hoar, Iloge,
Jenckoc, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Logan, Loughridge, Lvnch, MeCrary,
MoICee, MiJnes, Myers, Ncgley, O'Neill, Peters,
Purser, Sargent, Scofield* Shanks, Slocum, John A,
Smith, William J. Smilh, Worthington C, Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Swann.Sweeney, Towns-
end, Voorhees, Wallace, Welker, Whitmore, Wilkin-
son, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—58.
So the amendment of Mr, Cobtjrn was not
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being—
ayes 51, noes 82.
Mr. COX. I was about to call the yeas and
nays on this motion, but I will not do so if it
be understood we shall have them on the fiual
passage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly. _
Mr. COX. 1 am unwilling to occupy time
unnecessarily whilethereis an audience waiting
here to hear the discussion on Cuba.
The substitute reported by the committee, as
amended by the adoption of the amendment of
Mr. Judd, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. GARFIELl), of Ohio. I demand (he
previous question 011 the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I make a motion to
recommit the bill, which is a polite way of
killing it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make that motion pending the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill
bo hud 011 the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, if the pre-
vious question should be voted down will a
motion to recommit the bill be in order?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes noes 51.
Tho main question was ordered: which was
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. COX called for
the yeas and nays.
The .yeas ami nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill, and it was decided in the aflirmaiive—
yeas 90, nays 80, not voting 51 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Benja-
min, Bennett, Bingham, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook.
Conger, Cowlos, Cuilom, Dcgonor, Dickey, Dockery,
Donley, Duval,Dyer, Farnsworth.Fiiikelnburg,Gar-
field, Gibson. Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, ileflin,Hotchkiss, Judd, Julian, Kolley,
Kelsey, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Lojjan, McCarthy,
McCormick, MeCrary, McGrew, McK.ee, MeKenzie,
Mercur, Milncs, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore,
William Moore, Morphis, Ncwsham, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Pomc-
roy, Rogers,Hoots, Schonck, Shanks,Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon. William Snjyth, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Taffc, Tillman, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Welker. Wells, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Banks, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Blair,George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Butfinton, Burr, Calkin, Churchill,
Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Dixon, Dox,
Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fisher, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
liaight, Hale, Ilambleton, Hamill, Hoar, Ilolman,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Ketcham, Knott. Lafiin, Lewis,
Marshall, Maybam, Maynard, McNeely, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mori ill, Morrissey,
Mungcn, Niblack, Paine, Poland, Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stiles, Strader,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Twiehell,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward. Cadwalader (J.Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Ayer, Barnum,
Beck, Bowen, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Covode, Davis, Dickinson,
Ferry, Fitch, Gilfillan, Haldeman, Huaton, Hill,
Iloge, Jenckes, Johnson. Alexander H. Jones,
ThomasL. Jones,Kellogg,Kerr, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mvers, Negley, O'Neill, Peters, Porter, Prosser,
Ridgway, Schumaker, Scofield, Sherrod, Slocum,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith. Worthington C.
Smith,Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Townsend, Trim-
ble, Voorhees, Wallace, Whitmore, Williams, and
Eugene M. Wilson-51.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to amend,
the title, so that it will read '"to provide for
the redemption of the three per cent, temporary
loan certificates and for the increase of national
bank notes."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE I'llOM THIS PKESIDENT.
A message was received from the Piesident
of the United Slates, by Mr. Hoiiacc Pouter,
one of his Secretaries, notifying tiie House that
he had approved and signed an act (H. 11. No.
2115) to provide for the appointment of an
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
Baltimore.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolutionsof the House
ol the following titles, without amendment:
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 227) grant-
ing ail American register to the British-built
schooner Venilia;
An act (IT. 11. No. 1050) to stathoiize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register to
the schooner Cavallo .Marino ; and
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 827) relative to
trade with the British North American prov-
inces.
The message also announced that the Senate
hud passed bills and joint resolutions of their
own of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested :
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 191) granting
an A meriean register to the British bark Busy;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 179) authoriz-
ing water-gauges to be used and observations
to be made upon the Mississippi river and its
principal tributaries, with a view to obtain-
ing information required for the protection of
the alluvial lands against overflow and for the
improvement of navigation;
An act (S. No. 9-19) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge, across the Arkansas river, at
Little Hock. Arkansas:
An act (S. No. 758) for the settlement of the
account of Captain E. M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers;
An act (S. No. 67b) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States," passed
August 18, 1S5G, and for other purposes :
An act(S. No. 4-lfi) to appoint an appraiser
of merchandise for the port of Mobile;
An act (8. No. 0-17) for the improvement of
water communication between the Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan by the Wisconsin and
Fox rivers; and
An act (S. No. 813) to confirm the title of
the heirs of Gervaeio Nolan, deceased, to cer-
tain lands in the Territory of Colorado.
The message further announced that the
President of the United States had notified the
Senate that ho had approved and signed Senate
bills of the following titles:
Au act (S. No. 395) to establish the col-
lection district of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon ; and
An act (8. No. 554) to regulate credits to
prisoners for good behavior.
cuba.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the resolutions reported
from the Committee on Foreign A (fairs in refer-
ence to Cuba, on which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] has the floor.
Mr. \\ GOD, Mr. Speaker, I had not intended
to have participated in this discussion. Al-
though a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs* and although I have been present and
taken part iu all its deliberations in reference
to Cuua, and although I voted for the majority
report presented by the chairman of thai com-
mittee, I did not intend to trouble the House
with any remarks on the proposition of either
the majority or the minority, as I did not regard
i either proposition as altogether practicable in
! allording substantial aid to the cau.se of Cuba.
| But, sir. I have, in view of recent occurrences,
j concluded that it was my duty. I have felt
< compelled to say at least a few words before
