PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the Distriet of Columbia, on
Monday, the Uh day of December, A. D. 1809, and ivas adjourned without day on Friday, the IMh day of
July, A. D. 18T0. '
Ulysses S. Graxt, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was elected President of the Senate pro tempore on tlie 28th clay of May, A. D. 1870, and bo acted until and
inclading June od; also on the 1st of July, and so acted until and including July 5th; was again elected
President pro tempore on the 14th day of July, and so acted until the end of the session. James Gr. Blaine,
Speaker ot the House of Representatives.
Chap. II J.—An Act to promote the Reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Governor of the
State of Georgia be, and hereby is, authorized
and directed, forthwith, by proclamation, to
samraon all persons elected to the General
Assembly of said State, as appears by the
proclamation of George G. Meade, the general
commanding the military district including the
State of Georgia, dated June twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, to appear
on some day certain, to be named in said
proclamation, at Atlanta, in said State; and
thereupon the said General Assembly of said
State shall proceed to perfect its organization
in conformity with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, according to the provis-
ions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That
when the members so elected to said senate
and house of representatives shall be convened,
as aforesaid, each and every member and each
and every person claiming to be elected as a
member of said senate or house of representa-
tives shall, in addition to taking the oath or
oaths required by the constitution of Georgia,
also take and subscribe and file in the office of
the secretary of State of the State of Georgia
one of the following oaths or affirmations,
namely: "I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as
the case may be) that 1 have never held the
office, or exercised the duties of, a Senator or
Representative in Congress, nor been a mem-
ber of the Legislature of any State of the
United States, nor held any civil office created
by law for the administration of any general
law of a State, or for the administration of
justice in any State or under the laws of the
United Slates, nor held anj' office in the raili
tary or naval service of the United States, and
thereafter engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or gave aid or com-
fort to its enemies, or rendered, except in con-
sequence of direct physical force, any support
or aid to any insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, nor held any office under,
orgiven any support to, any government of any
kind organized or acting in hostility to the
United States, or levying war against the Uni-
ted States. So help me God, (or on the pains
and penalties of perjury, as the case may be.)"
Or the lollowing oath or affirmation, namely:
G33
"i do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the ease
may be) that i have been relieved, by an act of
the Congress of the United States, from dis-
ability as provided for by section three of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. So help me God, (or on
the pains and penalties of perjury, as the case
may be.)" Which oath or affirmation, when
so filed, shall be entered of record by the sec-
retary of State of the State of Georgia, and
said oath or affirmation, or a copy of the record
thereof, duly certified by said secretary of State,
shall be evidence in all courts and places. And
every person claiming to be so elected, who
shall refuse or decline or neglect or be unable
to take one of said oaths or affirmations above
provided, shall not bo admitted to a seat ill
said senate or house of representatives, or to
a participation in the proceedings thereof, but
shall be deemed ineligible to such seats.
Sec. 3. And be It further enacted, That if
any person claiming to be elected to said sen-
ate or house of representatives, as aforesaid,
shall falsely take either of said oaths or afiirma-
tionsabove provided, he shall bedeemedguilty
of perjury, and shall suffer the pains and penal-
ties thereof; and may bo tried, convicted, and
punished therefor by the circuit court of the
United States for the district of Georgia, in
which distriet said crime was committed; and
the jurisdiction of said court shall be sole and
exclusive for the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the
persons elected, as aforesaid, and entitled to
com pose such Legislature, and who shall comply
with the provisions of this act, by taking one
of the oaths or affirmations above prescribed,
shall thereupon proceed, in said senate and
house of representatives to which they have
been elected respectively, to reorganize said
senate and house of representatives, respect-
ively, by the election and qualification of the
proper officers of each house.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall, by iorce, violence, or fraud,
willfully hinder or interrupt any person or per-
sons elected as aforesaid from taking eitherof
the oaths or affirmations prescribed bythisact,
or from participating in the proceedings of said
senate or house of representatives, after having
taken one o! said oaths or affirmations, and
otherwise cu. \plied with this act, he shall bo
deemed guilt;, of a felony, and may be tried,
convicted, and punished therefor by the circuit
or district court of the United States for the
district of Georgia, in which distriet said offense ■
shall be committed; and shall bo punished
therefor by imprisonment at bard labor for not
less than two nor more than ten years, in the
discretion of the court, and the jurisdiction of
said courts shall be sole and exclusive for the
purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That it is
hereby declared that the exclusion of any per-
son or persons elected as aforesaid, and being
otherwise qualified, from participation in the
proceedings of said senate or house of repre-
sentatives, upon the ground of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, would be ille-
gal, and revolutionary, and is hereby prohib-
ited.
Sec. 7. Andhe it further enacted, That upon
the application of the Governor of Georgia, the
President of the United States shall employ
such military or naval forccs of the United
States as maybe necessary to enforce and exe-
cute the preceding provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress.
Approved, December 22, 18C9.
Chap. IV.—An Act making Appropriations
to partially supply Deficiencies iu the Appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy.
Beit enacted by tin Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending ©n the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, viz:
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, and contingent expenses
thereof, fifteen thousand dollars.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries and in the city of Washington, thirty-six
thousand dollars.
Appp.oved, December 23,1869.
