1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647.
acting chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that I do not know what may be his
information, nor do I know the measure of
responsibility which may belong to the pres-
ent Indian department; but I know that in
the Territory in which I reside such things as
1 have described have occurred. Exactly
where to fix the responsibility I do not know,
and I make no charge against any particu-
lar superintendent or agent, or against the
Indian department. The gentleman seems to
intimate that my proposition to give these men (
employment and mate them eafn their living
is intended to enable the sutlers and traders
in that country to get ready money from the i
Indians. Now, sir, what is the difference j
whether they get their money or whether they
get their presents, which they may do in trade, j
for the Indian is ever ready to barter. My
own opinion is that they get more now than j
they would get under the system I propose, !
because these presents are generally distrib-
uted once or twice a year, so that the Indian
has much more in hand at one time than he
would have if he received his pay day by day,
and spent it each evening, as he would be quite
sure to do. Sir, it never entered my mind ,
that this proposition would give the traders of
the country a chance to obtain the money of
the Indians. I submitted the amendment be-
cause I objected to these men living in entire
and demoralizing indolence, and being encour-
aged to do so by annual appropriations from
the Treasury of the United States. Such a
policy only leads them into mischief and crime.
I hold in my hand a paper referring to the
Pimas and Maricopas, two of the best tribes
of Indians we have in our Territory, who have
always been at peace with the whites. But,
sir, the young men of these tribes are becoming
restless, and this is mainly because they have
no occupation. The paper to which I refer is
a claim of a gentleman from Texas who lately
went through that Territory with a large num-
ber of cattle, and while encamped near the
reservations of these Indians, some of the cat-
tle were stolen by these young men. I believe
the cause which led these young men to this
act of theft was the want of something to do
or a love of mischief rather than any willful
depravity on their part; for if there are any
good Indians in that portion of the country they
are the Pimas and Maricopas, and if the young
men were taught to work and paid for their labor
I think we should* have no trouble with them.
I say we are constantly leading the Indians
into bad habits. We are constantly throwing
temptations into their way, when we should
give them something to do, educate them to
labor, and put them in the way of bettering
their condition by being able to provide for
themselves. There are public works of all
kinds in these Territories which are much
needed by the people, and to the construction
of which these red people could be used most
advantageously. We could put them to labor
in the construction of irrigating canals for
redeeming the desert lands or to other useful
employment. I insist that in the cause of
humanity it should be done. Such was the
object I had in view in the amendment I sub-
mitted some time ago. I believe myself that
appropriations made and expended in years
past have been mainly wrong. I do not think
they will be valuable hereafter unless we make
some such provision as that which I have sug-
gested. Instead of appropriating money for
presents, for fanciful presents for these Indians,
we should rather give them agricultural instru-
ments and other appliances of civilized life, so
as to enable them to provide for themselves
and improve their present condition, and above
all 1 reiterate we should teach them to work.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I wish
to place myself right in this matter. I wish
the gentleman who has charge of this bill to
understand that I do not believe the appropri-
ation to be wrong, that I do not believe it to be
too large; but I believe it contains appropri-
ations for purposes utterly worthless so far as
any good to these Indians is concerned. I
would be perfectly content to see these appro-
priations increased if they could be diverted to
proper channels, and they could then be made
vastly beneficial to the Indians themselves.
The difficulty is this: the bill does not say how
much shall be given to the Indians for agricul-
tural implements and how much shall be given
to them for presents, and the consequence is
that while the present Commissioner of Indian
Affairs may be as pure as purity itself, these
expenditures are made thousands of miles away
from his office, and when you say a particular
superintendent may use this money for agri-
cultural implements and for other purposes,
it gives him the full control of the appropri-
ation, and he may expend it all in trinkets if
he be so disposed. I know from experience
what purchases under these appropriations
have been distributed to the Indians, and when
I spoke a little while ago I spoke of my own
knowledge.
I stated in my previous remarks that I did
not believe all the goods voted to the Indians
fell into their hands, and the statement I made
that I had seen blankets torn into pieces seems
to be doubted by some gentlemen. Let me say
that I have been to distributions of annuities;
they are called "potlashes" in my country,
and I have seen blankets torn into quarters
and distributed. I have seen bolts of red calico
torn and a yard given to every grown squaw,
and half a yard to every papoose. I have seen
whole boxes of ribbons taken and cut up into
strips, so as to run through the entire tribe.
The result was that after the distribution, and
after the gambling always attendant upon these
distributions^ the Indians went away ten times
more naked than when they came there. These
are lamentable facts; but they are facts to
which the Government of the United States
should direct its attention so as to make pro-
vision in these appropriation bills to prevent
any further continuance of the evils and abuses
so generally complained of under the payment
of these Indian annuities. Itis monstrous that
the intelligence of the nineteenth century in
the United States of America, as represented
in this House, with the fact staring us in the
face that the policy heretofore pursued demoral-
izes the very people we seek to elevate, can-
not devise some plan for the better care and
improvement of these Indians. I will say, so
far as spending money in behalf of these Indians
is concerned, that we ought specially to pro-
vide in the appropriation bills that not one
single dollar should be used for articles of mere
fancy and which are of no practical use.
Agents should not be allowed to misappropri-
ate the funds, but every dollar expended should
be for the benefit directly of the Indians them-
selves. I therefore say make your appropri-
ation as large as you please. The larger it is
the better, provided it is directed into honest
and useful channels for the benefit of the
Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. Unless there shall now
be an understanding to close debate on this
paragraph I shall move that the committee rise.
The question being put on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Nevada:
For the general incidental expenses of tho Indian
service in Nevada, presents of goods, agricultural
implements, and other useful articles, and to assist
them to locate in permanent abodes and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
815,000.
Mr. McCORMlCK, of Missouri. I propose
to amend by adding to the section the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That two thirds of the amount herein
appropriated shall be expended for cattle.
I desire to impress upon the House that if
these wild Indians are to be elevated it^will
not be by attempting to make them agricul-
turists in the first instance. The first step
which should be taken with these people, in my
judgment, is to attempt to make them a pas-
toral people. If cattle are given to them they
will take care of these cattle, will pasture
them, and will subsist upon them. But if their
annuities are given thetn in the form of agri-
cultural implements they have no knowledge
how to use those implements, and the result
will be that their annuities will be of no use to
them whatever. If on the other hand we take
the first step of attempting to bring them to
the position of a pastoral people, and then
elevate them to the condition of an agricul-
tural people, I think we may succeed iu doing
good.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to
oppose the amendment. I do so simply be-
cause I think that I have seen so much of
the conduct of Indians that I believe an ap-
propriation of that kind would be perfectly
useless. We all know that an Indian's appe-
tite is the strongest part of his organization,
and I tell you that if you expend this amount
on cattle you will not get an Indian to do a bit
of work or to hunt, or to do anything else,
until he has eaten up all his cattle. I never
knew an Indian who came into the ownership
of any cattle but the first thing he did was to
have a feast and have the whole eaten up.
Why, when it is desired to make a treaty with
Indians the only way to get them together is to
have a big feast, kill some oxen, wait till they
are nearly eaten up, and then, when they are
in this way made good-natured, you ean get a
treaty out of them; and when they eat up
their oxen then they will commence on their
dogs. You might just as well have an appro-
priation to give the Indians dogs as oxen, for
they will all be alike eaten just as soon as they
can consume them.
The amendment was disagreed to.
: The Clerk read as follows:
I New Mexico:
I For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods, agricul-
tural implements, and other useful articles, and to
"assist them to locate in permanent abodes and sus-
! tain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of tho Secretary
of the Interior, $50,000.
Mr. CHAVES. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph the following:
Of this amount, to be expended as the President
may from time to time determine and direct, iu in-
structing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing teachers, establishing industrial schools
for the education of the children, and in other
rospects to promote the civilization, comfort, and
improvement of the nineteen Pueblo Indian towns
of New Mexico, so that they may become citizens
of the United States, the sum of $30,000.
My object in offering this amendment is to
call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole to the fact that there are iu the Tera-
tory of New Mexico nineteen Pueblo ludiun
I towns, which, if not from time immemorial, at
least since the Goveranaent of the United
States have taken possession of the Territory
of New Mexico, have beeu allies of this Gov-
ernment in war .and their friends in peace.
They are really the only good Indians 1 know
of in the country, except a few I have heard
of that are under the ground.
These Pueblos, Mr. Chairman, have received
nothing at all at the hands of the Government.
During this winter two of these Indians ac-
companied me from New Mexico to call upon
the President, and the Commissioner erf' Indian
Affairs, and the Secretary of the Interior, iu
j order to lay their grievances before the Govern-
I meut. They then stated to the President and
those other officers of the Government that they
were poor and needy, and that they are treated
differently from what they were under.the old
Spanish Government or under the ' Mexican
Government, when a portion of them were
educated, and they had at least from three to
five meu in each of their towns who could keep
their records and the records of their laws for
them. At present there are five or six of their
towns in which there is not a solitary man that
can read or write. Their towns are Taos, Pic-
