1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2591
cloths. The duties on those goods are mixed
up in various ways ; so much per square yard,
so^ much specific, so much ad valorem. I know
this system is ill the interest of manufacturers
in this country. And when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] undertakes to sneer at
free-trade theories; and when he tries to scare
us by repudiation; and cracks over us superior
information about the tariff, will he not regard
at least the statement of Mr. Stewart, who was
selected by Mr. Grant as his Secretary of the
Treasury? Can we rely on him? If not, then
upon whom can we rely?
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon the Treasury re-
ports.
Mr. COX. Upon the gentleman's own state-
ments, drawn from that source, it is shown the
tariff to be from 50| to 68# per cent. And the
gentleman endeavors to persuade us that this
is really liberal! Oh, very liberal, very. He
would tax all the woolen cloths brought into
this country at least 60 or 70 per cent.; and
this is so kind and just to the people I Why,
sir, the gentleman has been abroad; he has
bought clothes there; and he knows that a
suit which would cost him $30 there would
cost him $100 here. Every one who has been
abroad knows that somewhere in this system
of tariff there is an onerous, unjust, unequal
taxation. And if the gentleman will not accept
the statements of Mr. Stewart and others; if
he will sing these notes of admiration, attached
to the other importers' bills, we cannot answer
him any further. .
One remark more in reference to this gen-
eral subject. I love to quote Mr. Wells on
these gentlemen. He understands this busi-
ness. He is an officer of their own selection.
He is a protectionist, or a quasi-protectionist;
and in answer to what has been said with ref-
erence to the interests of the wool-grower I
quote from him this statement:
"It ean neither be ignored nor controverted that
the periods when the American wool-grower has re-
ceived the highest price in gold for liis wool have
been coincident wiih the periods when imported
wools have been subjected to the lowest duties, as
from 1858 to 1860, when wools costing less than 20
cents per pound were admitted free of duty. This
circumstance finds a ready explanation in tho fact
that during the periods referred to the American
manufacturer was enabled to purchase cheaply and
sell cheaply, and, competing advantageously with
the foreign producer, to futhermore sell largely; and
under the increased consumption which followed the
supply of domestic wool became inadequate to the
demand."
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I do but
echo the remark of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when I say that all
tho statements made in the paragraph which
has just been read aredisproved bythereports
of the custom-house branch of the Treasury
Department, These official reports, giving the
invoiced prices, the duty paid, and the rate ad
valorem, prove that all those statements are
fraudulent, and I go brand them, as the chair-
man of the committee has done. The custom-
house reports show that ou the items embraced
in .the paragraph now under consideration the
highest rate of duty has been 68J per cent.,
and the lowest 50|, and this embraces the
importation for all the year round upon goods
that were undervalued, for undervaluation pre-
vails throughout the whole trade.
One word in regard to these duties. I regret
that they are not all higher. If I could have
my way I would, in the interest of the wool-
grower, the farmer, the consumer, whether in
the East or in the West, increase the duties on
all these goods; and this brings me to shoddy.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
asserted on Saturday, and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bkooks] has repeated to-day,
that as much shoddy is used in this country as
in England. This is not the fact. We do not,
in proportion to our manufactures, use one
tenth part of the quantity that is used in Eng-
land; nay, not one twentieth part. Twenty
per cent, of the entire amount of woolen and
worsted goods made in England are, according
to the showing of the official report, made of
shoddy. How is it in this country? When
upon the Pacific coast I visited the woolen
mills there, and I inquired whether the manu-
facturers utilized their old woolen cloths, the
answer was that they did not; that those goods
were all shipped to England. There are now
men making fortunes in Philadelphia and New
York by collecting our old woolen goods, our
old carpets, the worn-out clothes of the alms-
house and the hospital, and sending them to
Dewsbury and Batly, for conversion into cloth.
Gentlemen on the other side would have the
wool-growers of Ohio and Minnesota clad in
these old rags while obtaining no price for their
own wool.
How was it in our Army in 1861 ? Before
our soldiers gotout of their encampments those
who were clad in British goods were in rags,
and by the time they reached Washington the
sun and the rain had converted their blue
clothes into red. Those were the shoddy goods
of England. Indigo-dyed ? No; logwood-dyed.
That material, when put into use, went into
rags in less than a week. When, at the close
of the war, our Army returned and marched up
the avenue iu this city they were clad in Amer-
ican wool, spun and woven in American looms,
with no shoddy iu it. Those men had gone
through the long march of Sherman from the
mountains to the sea, and from the sea in tri-
umph to the capital, and their clothing was in
better condition than the English shoddy goods
were four days after being put into use.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to strike out the
last five words. Mr. Chairman, I am glad to
hear the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr.
Kelley] denouncing "shoddy" and its use in
the clothing furnished the Army at the begin-
ning of the war. I should like to know, how-
ever, whether those shoddy goods were forced
upon us by English importers or the nabobs
of the gentleman's own city and of New Eng-
land, who have grown rich by those contracts.
Those manufacturers were the men who made
money out of these shoddygoods. I sawthem
when they were served out to the Army. They
were so rotten you could take a pair of panta-
loons by the waist-belt and snatch off, without
any effort, both the legs. The men who fur-
nished those goods are to-day rolling in wealth.
Yet those gentlemen talk about the necessity
of protection against English competition.
Mr. KELLEY. The men who imported
these shoddy goods and put them on our sol-
diera were New York importers, who are here
begging us to maintain their interests as against
the industry of the country.
Mr. MUNGEN. Ibeg the gentleman's par-
don. I do not wish to give names; but I know
men in Philadelphia who were prominent in
this shoddy business.
Mr. RANDALL. Plenty of them belong to
the gentleman's own party.
Mr. MUNGEN. Yet the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] talks about pro-
tection for wool and woolen goods. Is the
protection to be given to Pennsylvania never
to have an end ? It ought to have some limit,
as well as the protection afforded to the man-
ufacturers of New England. Take the case
of a man with a family of five or six, and for
a moment calculate the amount of tax imposed
upon him for the protection of Pennsylvania
and New England. Why, sir, he has to pay
$100 or $200 tax on the common articles neces-
sary to the use of his family. He must pay
that tax on the cotton and woolen goods which
he must use.
What have New England and Pennsylvania
done for the West? In the Thirty-Seventh
Congress I know they put a tariff of some few
cents on buckwheat,to protect our agricultural
interest—to prevent Canada from importing
buckwheat to the West. Is not that laughable?
These manufacturers are like the horse-leech's
daughter. We can never satisfythem. They
still cry, "Give, give, give!" Notwithstanding
the duty is so high on wool now, we are told
by gentlemen that if they had the power they
would increase it. The Lord only knows what
they would not do. English laborers are brought
here bv being told they would get so much more
a day for their work than in England; but hoy/
does it turn out? Whilethey get more, the cost of
everything has been so greatly increased they
find themselves unable to keep out of debt.
All these manufacturers have stores from which
their employes are supplied with necessaries.
These English laborers come here; but at the
end of the year, instead of saving anything,
they find themselves in debt and unable to re-
turn to England. By this system of protec-
tion these manufacturers all become nabobs,
while the laboring class become slaves. I am
utterly opposed^ to the whole thing. If we
are to have a tariff let it be imposed in propor-
tion to men's wealth. Do not let itallfallupon
the poorer class of the people. This is a most
outrageous tariff, and I am opposed to it.
In looking over the writings of a gentleman
who is evidently posted on the workings of the
present tariff I find the following curious facts.
They are curious, inasmuch as they show rela-
tively the amount of duties paid on articles used
or consumed by the males and females of our
country, _ respectively, during the year 1869.
I take six principal articles mostly used by
each of the sexes, and on which very consider-
able amounts of duty were paid: •
Articles imported and duties paid, mostly usedbv ladies.
Ribbons 82,249,799 58
bilk dresses  5,951,993 60
Fancy fans  71,820 35
Chignon hair  128,680 20
Beads.   96,216 50
Lily-whito  69,026 00
Total  8,579,538 23
Articles imported and duties paid, mostly
used by gentlemen.
Cigars  $1,237,566 97
Brandy and wine  5,111,862 80
Playing cards  5,102 30
Other liquors    101,-138 12
Fusel oil  10,310 09
Billiard chalk  309 50
6,469,609 63
Difference 12,109,926 54
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment in
order that my colleague may renew it.
Mr. MAYHAM. I renew it, and I do it for
the purpose of calling attention to the fact that
this tariff, so far as it has been considered in
committee, is, in the language of the gentleman
from Ohio, an outrage upon the consumer of
this country. I have taken the trouble to cal-
culate the expense it will impose every year on
a family of six persons. Any gentleman who
will take_ the trouble will see that the tax is
ruinous, is oppressive, is cruel to the laboring
classes instead of being in the interest of the
laboring people, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and the gentleman from Ohio claim.
It is not a tariff in the interest of the laboring
classes ; it is not in the interest of labor; but
it is rather in the interest of capital banded
together in the form of rich monopolies. We
see it here ; we see the advocate and the de-
fender of every interest in the form of mo-
nopoly on this floor. I make no charge against
any gentleman. When thread was under dis-
cussion we found the champion of thread.
When in the next paragraph we came to elastic
or rubber cloth, it was urged by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn] because
thread has been taxed, elastic cloth, in which
thread is used as a raw material, should be pro-
tected. We found, too, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Reconstruction, coming to the rescue of boots
and shoes; and he said that elastic cloth was
a raw material used in the manufacture of boots
and shoes, and therefore ought to be kept
low; that it was in the interest of the con-
sumer that elastic cloth should be kept low.
And after a good deal of controversy between
the gentleman and his colleague it was finally
agreed that elastic cloth should bo kept high;
