1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Government. Now, sir, all that Congress
has done lias been to pass an act providing
that Virginia shall go so far; and when she
has gone thus far. she shall go no further until
we act. and we are free to act as we please.
We can accept her or reject her, or we can
make such modifications and such changes as
we believe the good of Virginia and the safety
of the country require. That is all that we
have done; and I ask simply that this measure
shall go over for three days.
I expect Virginia to come in. I apprehend
there never would have been any trouble about
it if it had not been for the palpable mistakes
of our own friends there ; that Virginia would
have been reconstructed, and a Republican
State more than one year ago, and that, too,
by a majority of twenty thousand, I never enter-
tained a doubt. But, sir, we cannot guaranty
men's wisdom ; we cannot make them prefer
public considerations to private or subordinate
their ambition to the public good. Wearehav-
ingsome evidences of that in Tennessee. Our
duty is to bring these States back as speedily as
possible consistent with safety and security.
Mr. President, wehave beentold, if I rightly
understand the Senator from South Carolina,
that" the natural leaders " of the South should
come back here. Well, sir, I shall not object
tothem. On the contrary, lam growing alittle
stronger in the opinion thatitwould bewellfor
us to have some of them come here. I go further
than this : I do not agree with what has been
said by the Senator from Indiana and the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, who seem to be in
such haste to-day; I do not believe we ought
to have attempted to confine the reconstruc-
tion of the South entirely to loyal men, men
who had no part or lot in the war. You could
not reconstruct the southern States and stand
an hour on that basis. It was a matter of im-
perative necessity to allow that portion of the
southern men who were ready to accept the
results of the war to have a part in the work
of reconstruction.
I was in favor of doing precisely what we
have done ; and we have acted, I think, wisely.
The fact that we have had to act more than
once is nothing against us. Those measures
were wise in their time, and safe and careful.
We reserved all pledges, made none, gave
none ; never would ; always refused to do so ;
keeping the whole power in our own hands,
and legislating when we pleased and as we
pleased, and for the good of all;' and the re-
construction policy of this Government, when
time passes away and people go back and read
it and study it carefully and understand all its
parts, will be understood to bo humane, to be
just, to be eminently wise and to have worked
out grand results, and, as tlie Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] suggests, liberal.
There is nothing like it in the history of the
world.
We are told that Virginia is knocking at the
door. She went out without knocking, and
Uien she knocked for four years with bayonets
t,o come in. Now, sir, suppose we let her
knock for two or three days. I do not see
what particular harm will be done. Virginia
will come in, and will come in in good time.
I think she might have been here two years
ago, and would have been in with a good, wise,
and liberal management there, not by the act
of Congress, but by a policy that would have
put the cause of the Union, the cause of lib-
erty, and the cause of justice above the petty
ambitions of politicians. That has been our
trouble. We have had a great deal to do here
to correct the want of wisdom exhibited in
some portions of the country. Congress must 1
not bear that, and the great loyal people of this |
country must not bear it. We can make laws. ;
but we cannot make wise men to execute them, i
Now, sir, all I have asked to-day is a delay 1
of two or three days ; and I do not do it be- |
cause I am opposed to Virginia. I see oppo- I
sition here. Two amendments have been |
proposed to-day, one by a member of the '
committee, which I consider a wise one, and I
intend to vote for it.
We owe it to the country to be careful, to
look well before us; for when our work is done
it cannot very readily be undone. I voted for
the admission of the State of Tennessee, and
I am glad I did it. She came here, did a good
work, and would have remained to do a good
work if it had not been for the ambition and
want of principle of public men there. That
is the trouble. We are responsible for it. Now
we are begged to act, to correct—what? To
correct the weakness and wickedness and folly
of men who ought to have been wiser and better.
Now, sir, I for one object. I have helped
to fight the battle of reconstruction from the
beginning, have endeavored to be liberal and
just toward these States lately in rebellion, and
mean to be to the last. But because I ask for
three days of time that gentlemen who are op-
posed to it may look into this matter carefully,
that they may examine these various proposi-
tions, there seems to be some little feeling,
some little excitement, and some attempt to
hold some of us opposed to completing the
great work of reconstruction. Sir, reconstruc-
tion is an assured fact. The fifteenth amend-
ment is a certainty, and was from the time it
was passed. The ideas embodied in this legis-
lation and these acts are imbedded and fixed
in the very soil of the continent, and are as
sure to triumph as the throne of God is to stand
and to overwhelm all who interpose their petty
obstacles to them.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I am in favor
of admitting Virginia to representation in Con-
gress. I do not see, however, any necessity
for passingthis measure to-day, and I believe I
shall vote for the postponement for three days.
My reason is this: if no injustice has been done
already, either to the rights or interests of
the State, or the dignity and rights of the peo-
ple of the State, I do not see that any injustice
can be done by postponing the consideration
of the matter for one, two, or three days further.
Whenever any Senator may ask a postponement
of this or any other measure for the purpose of
examining it, I certainly think that opportunity
ought to be afforded, especially as the Senator
from Massachusetts has assured us that the
measures which were passed particularly for the
reconstruction of the southern States were wise,
and that wisdom, he assures us, if I am not
mistaken, came, to a great extent, from him.
We therefore have the double assurance that
the same wisdom will be continued in this
matter. Hence we shall have the advantage
of that with us to the end, all of which I con-
cede, and I think it is all proper.
I have but one remark to make with reference
to my own State. It has pleased every person
who has spoken here, from the roaring lion
down to the very humblest member, to bring
accusations against the State of Tennessee, I
do not know for what reason. She gave them
no pledges at any time. She is under obliga-
tions to them for nothing. The reformations
that she made she made herself. Congress
did not go into the State of Tennessee and
legislate for the people there. I speak only
for the people of the State, many of whom I
have no particular interest in whatever more
than I have in the people of any other State
in the United States. But, sir, I am opposed
to having a people willfully, deliberately, and
shamefully misrepresented on the floor of the
Senate of the United States. I think that
Senators before they bring such accusations jl
here ought to be assured that they speak the h
truth in regard to a great people. No man I'
has a right on the floor of the Senate to utter ]j
what is improper or incorrect. He ought to !j
take time on this and on every measure to
consider it fairly and properly. ,
Now, sir, with regard to the State of Ten- "
nessee, I hope soon to take occasion to explain I
to the Senate and to the country the result of the ji
recent election in that State. Prudence, wis- |j
dorn, and that good faith which was absolutely i:
necessary to be exercised toward those people
would have made that a Republican State for-
ever. That prudence and that wisdom were
not found there. The Republicans of the State
of Tennessee had the power, they had the en-
tire control, they had the authority over the
State of Tennessee, and they lost it because
they had not the virtue or the wisdom to hold
it, and it cannot go back to them again. I re-
gret this, sir; I regret it as much as any person.
I commenced acting with the Republican party
in the State of Tennessee when I could count
all of them on the fingers of one hand. The
men who are honored here and throughout the
country, but who broke in pieccs the Repub-
lican party of Tennessee by their vulgar ambi-
tion, are the men who should be arraigned here
and not the people of Tennessee. The rebels,
whom it pleases everybody to denounce, and
toward whom there is no forgiveness unless
they bow down humbly and come and profess
to be Republicans of the extreme Radical stamp,
those of them who were swift to turn when the
occasion took place, are the men who have
been honored, are the men who have been in-
stalled in office. The Union men who stood
firmly by the flag of the country, and who sac-
rificed everything, have throughout all that
State been trampled under foot. There is not
a solitary one of them now in place. It is the
laggards, the cow-boys during the rebellion,
who hastily came around and took occasion to
profess warm Radicalism who have the posi-
tions and the places and who broke in pieces
the Republican party in Tennessee.
Nor do I propose to blame Governor Senter
at the present time for the position that he
took. He did no more than was done by his
predecessors. He did it on a more wholesale
order, it is true; but he had more authority
for the action which he took. Had not the
unfortunate quarrel taken place there between
Republicans for position, if not for worse, as I
think I am prepared to show, Tennessee would
have been secure. But feeling strong in the
power of the bayonet, which they could call
out at any time, trusting nothing to faith, trust-
ing nothing to good principle, trusting nothing
to the progress and education of the people,
they pursued their ambitious schemes until
the Republican party stinks in the nostrils of
every honest man in the State. You could
not resurrect it^to life by anything short of an
almighty power at the present time. The
bayonet cannot do it; oaths cannot do it.
I have no confidence, either, in the present
Legislature of Tennessee, which has met and
was composed of the very kind of men of whom
I have been speaking; but I have an abundant
confidence in the convention which is shortly
to assemble in the State of Tennessee, almost
nine tenths of the members of which probably
were in the rebel service. A great majority
of them are men of ability ; and if their pro-
fessions are to be relied upon, as I think they
can be—I have no wish to call them in ques-
tion now—they will stand firmly up to all the
advanced principles of the present age, and
they will prove to the country that they, too,
have advanced during this wonderful period
of the war. I hope, sir, we shall hear no more
of these wrong, unjust, silly accusations, unsus-
tained by proof, made against the people of
that State.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FOWLER. Most assuredly.
Mr. WILSON. If I understand the Senator,
he refers to remarks made by me ?
Mr. FOWLER. To some ofthem; not these
last ones at all.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say simply to the
Senator, if he will allow me, that he has reaf-
firmed all I said and gone into particulars. I
do not put the blame in Tennessee upon either
one side or the other. I see it all around.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall do the Senator from
Massachusetts the justice to say that I was glad
to hear him make the statement, and it con-
