5424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-fourth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line one of said amendment
strike out the word "female;" and that the Senate
recede from so much of the amendment as proposes
to insert the word "four;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement, to
the one hundred and seventy-sixth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line two of said amendment
strike out the word "two;'' and in lino three strike
out the word "one" and insert in lieu the word
"eight;" and tho Senate agree to the same.
That tho House rccedo from their amendment to
tho one hundred and eighty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to said amendment.
That tho Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House to the one hundred and ninety-second amend-
ment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and ninety-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line two of said amendment
strike out tho word "seven" and insert m lieu the
word "four;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and fifth amendment of tho Senate,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: in lieu of the word inserted in said amend-
ment insert the word "four;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and sixth amendment ot the Senate,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: in lieu of the word inserted by said amend-
ment insert tho word "sixand tho Senate agree to
the same.
That the Houso reeedo from their disagreement to
the two hundred and seventh amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with tho following
amendments: in line two of said amendment striko
out the -word " six" and insert the word " two," and
m the same lino striko out the word "eight" and
insert " two;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho two hundred and thirteenth amendment of tho
Senate, and agreo to the same with tho following
amendments: on page 44 of the bill, line twenty,
after the word "dollars" insert " additional to chief
clerk, 8300, to continue while there is no Assistant
Secretary, and no longer;" and the Sonate agree to
tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho two hundred and seventeenth amendment ol' tho
Senate, and agree to the same with tho following
amendments: m line three of said amendment
strike out the word " thirty " and insert in lieu the
words "twenty-seven," and in same lino striko out
the word " three" and insert "six;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agroo to the same with the following
amendment,: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: " three thou-
sand five hundred;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the two hundred and twenty-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to said amendment, ot the Sen-
ate with the following amendment: striko out all of
said amendment after the cnacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof tho following: "That the heads of
the several Departments are hereby authorized to
appoint female clerks who may bo found to be com-
petent and worthy to any of the grades of clerkships
known to the law in tho respective Departments,
with the compensation belonging to the class to which
they may be appointed; but the number of first,
second, third, and fourth class clerks shall not be
increased by this section;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of tho
Itouse to tho two hundred and thirty-first amend-
ment of the Senate, with the following amendment:
strike out of said House amendment tho words " at
the close of tho present fiscal year," and insert " on
the 1st day of July, 1870."
That the Senate agreo to the amendment of tho
House to the two hundred and fifty-first amendment
of the Senato.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and fifty-third amendment ol the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: in line eleven ofsaidamendmcntstrike
out "ono hundred" and insert in lieu tho word
" fiftyand the Senate agree to the same.
HENRY L. DAWES,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Managers on the part of the llouic.
L. M. MORRILL,
JOSTIN S. MORRILL,
Managers oa the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. There were two hundred and
fifty-six amendments of the Senate to this bill ;
but only five or six of them in regard to which
1 apprehend the members of the House will be
desirous of hearing any explanation. I will
state the result, of the conference in regard to
them, and I hope I may be able to answer any
questions in reference to any other amendment
that any gentleman may inquire about.
The main difficulty in the committee of con-
ference was upon six of the amendments in
relation to the Court of Claims, female clerks,
the State Department building, the Capitol
enlargement, the north pole, and the increase
of salaries. I will state in regard to these amend-
ments, as in reference to all of them, the con-
ferees on the part of the House confidently
believe that the Senate has substantially yielded
to the House in reference to the whole bill.
Upon the question of salaries the Senato
have yielded entirely on all points, with one or
two unimportant exceptions. In reference to
female clerks, they have changed the phrase-
ology of the House provision without altering
its effect one iota. In reference to the State
Department they have yielded entirely. In
reference to the Capitol enlargement they have
yielded entirely. In reference to the salaries
of judges, and of the heads of bureaus, they
have yielded entirely. In reference to'the north
pole, that seems to have been their last ditch,
and upon that they made their stand, and wo
conceded to them $50,000 out of the $100,000
they asked for. As to the rest, they conceded
to us.
Mr. BECK. What about the provision in
regard to the Court of Claims?
Mr. DAWES. In reference to the Court of
Claims the House acceded to the Senate prop-
osition, which was in the same line with ours.
The House proposition did not go quite so far
as the Senate proposition. The House con-
ferees were induced to yield to the Senate upon
that point, for the sake of the greater good
gained in the other parts of the bill.
Mr. CONGER. How about the salaries of
the Comptrollers?
Mr. DAWES. None of those salaries were
insisted upon. The Senate receded from all,
except the addition of twenty dollars to each
of the assistant messengers in order to make
their compensation conform to that of the labor-
ers; and also the salaries of two or three offi-
cials at the other end of the Capitol, in order
to equalizs them with officials at this end of
the Capitol. In reference to the salax-ies of
the judges, the conferees on the part of the
House offered to raise the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States
$1,000 each; but that was respectfully decline?
by the conferees on the part of the Senate un-
less the salaries of all the judges were raised.
That was not acceded to by the House con-
ferees, and therefore the salaries of none of
the judges were raised.
Mr. MAYNAED. How about tho section
in reference to the female clerks?
Mr. DAWES. I will read the proposition
agreed upon in reference to female clerks ; and
if gentlemen will turn to the House proposition
on that subject they will see how little differ-
ence there is between the two propositions.
The proposition agreed to by the committee of
conference is as follows:
And be it further enacted, Thattheheadsofthesev-
eral Departments are hereby authorized to appoint
female clerks, who may be found to be competent
and worthy, to any of the grades of clerkships known
to the law in their respective Departments, with the
compensation belonging to tho class in which they
may be appointed; but the number of first, sec-
ond, third, and fourth class clerkships shall not bo
increased by this section.
I cannot conceive of any shade of difference
between this and the House proposition, ex-
cept, perhaps, that this phraseology may be an
improvement.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to inquire how the
proposition with reference to increasing the
pay of Senate clerks has been settled?
Mr. DAWES. The Journal clerk of the
Senate has been connected with that body for
thirt.y-four years ; and the attempt to raise his
salary to $4,000 seemed to be a matter upon
which the whole Senate had set its heart.
Finally the conferees on the part of the House
agreed to add $1,000 to the compensation of
the Journal clerk of the Senate while the pres-
ent incumbent occupies the place and no longer;
and this proposition was agreed to on the part
of the Senate,
Mr. WARD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts how the entire
amount of appropriations this year compares
with the aggregate of appropriations last year?
Mr. DAWES. That will depend somewhat
on the disposition of bills now pending. _ The
amount of appropriations embraced in this bill
is now reduced to almost the amount contained
in the bill when it left the House. There is
very little difference. The Senate claims that
the amount is less than when the bill left the
House. I think it is slightly increased. A.s
to the whole amount of appropriations this
year compared with those made last year, a
definite answer cannot be given until the dis-
position of several bills now pending between
the two Houses. It is confidently hoped that
both Houses will unite in an effort to keep
down the appropriations below the amount
appropriated last year. I propose now to call
the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] my
colleague on the committee of conference, and
I cheerfully do so.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is a matter in-
volved in this report which I think requires
some discussion ; and I trust the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not
insist upon a vote to-night, but will consent to
let the question go over till Monday, and then
allow half an hour or some other given time
for the discussion of the question. There are
several points which I would like to present,
and some other gentlemen desire to be heard.
I appeal to the gentleman from Massachusetts
to let the matter go over.
Mr. DAWES. I am bound to yield to the
gentleman from Indiana as much time as he
desires, he being a member of the committee
of conference. As to my course with reference
to further discussion I must be governed by the
course of the debate as it may develop itself.
I cannot make any promises on that point.
Mr. NIBLACK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to allow this report to go
over.
Mr. DAWES. I am very anxious that this
bill shall get into the hands of the engrossing
clerks to-night. As a matter of business con-
nected with closing the session, it is of the
utmost importance that this should be done.
This is the reason I have been watching every
moment during to-day for an opportunity to
present the report.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-
ber of the committee of conference I was un-
able to agree to some of the matters which
have been agreed to by the majority of the
committee, and I feel constrained to say a
few words on the subject before the vote is
taken. This bill has been greatly improved by
the committee of conference, and is in most
respects entirely unexceptionable.
Mr. COX. I ask tlie gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts 
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Indiana
will yield to me I will move that the Housa
adjourn.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot yield for that
motion without the consent of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. COX. I was about to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to allow an adjourn-
ment, as requested by my friend from Indiana.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that the
gentleman from Indiana desires a postpone-
ment of this matter on his own personal account.
Mr. COX. Oh, yes, he does. He prefers to
speak on Monday. And besides, the House is
not at present in a condition to settle this ques-
tion properly.
Mr. DAWES. I would do anything that
courtesy toward the gentleman from Indiana
may call for; but gentlemen must see that in
view of the pressure of business we ought to
dispose of this question without unnecessary
delay.
