836
THE OON&MSSrOMIr GLOBE.
January 10,
firmed me altogether in the wisdom that he
professes to have used on all these questions
and thfe justice that he exercises so generally
on all measures with reference to this subject.
I went into the statements I have made to con-
firm the truth in a great measure of what he
has said. He has shown at any rate that he
understood that subject. The only exception I
take is' to the infallibility always of his state-
ments of his wisdom.
I am opposed to another doctrine that I
heard advanced on the floor of the Senate
this morning by a Senator, that he would go
into the South with a general amnesty in one
hand and a halter in the other. I was aston-
ished, I must confess, to hear that statement
made by so young a man as he who made it.
I had expected to find in his heart nobler prin-
ciples. I had expected to find youthful blood,
generous impulses. I think he was hastily and
unfortunately thrown into the expression of a
sentiment of that kind. I always thought that
he came from a land and from a people who
would have sent him with the Bible or a
school-book in one hand and amnesty in the
other. I thought he would have planted a
church' on every hill-top of Alabama and in
every one of her valleys; that he would have
established a system of common schools there ;
that he would have carried there the senti-
ments and principles of civilization that he
learned in his own great State. I regret very
much that the war has so far demoralized him
that he has forgotten the cause which made her
so great.
Mr. President, I did not rise for the purpose
of vindicating any portion of the country, but
for the purpose of repelling these unjust accu-
sations that are leveled against the people of
my own State, and, I will say, against the peo-
ple of the whole South. There is no founda-
tion, 1 undertake to say, and no man can sustain
them by anything like reliable proof, for the
statements that thepeople of the southern States
are the murderous crew that they have been
represented to be. It is not true of the people
ol the State of'Tennessee. There has been less
viulence since the close of the war i n that State,
in tin; same length of time, than ever before ;
and, in my judgment, less violence and less
brutal murders have been committed in the
•Stale of Tennessee within the same time than
have been committed in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, with all the boasted civilization and all
t he refinement and all the advantages that that
State possesses. I know of no people who are
at present more in the enjoyment of peace and
tranquillity and better prepared to adopt the
advanced principles of civilization of this age,
and to meet the requirements and the lessons
taught by the war, than those persons who are
about to assemble in the city of Nashville, or
who did assemble there on this very day.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not intrude on the
Senate but for one moment. J do not wish to
reply to the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts; least of all should I wish to reply to
the tone which he has seen fit to adopt,but which
1 am quite certain five minutes' reflection would
nave prevented him from adopting. I wish to
correct him, however, on one point in which
ho commented upon my remarks. He says I
have studied the reconstruction acts to very
little purpose unless I have found out that
there is nothing in them pledging Congress to
the people of Virginia to admit her to repre-
mentation, I did not mean by my remarks to
give an impression that there was in terms a
®n.act®<1 by Congress to admit the State
of Virginia after she should have done certain
things ; but that Senator knows as well as I do
that the whole country regarded the recon-
struction acts as conditions upon the fulfillment
of which Congress was bound to admit the
States which had so fulfilled them. It did not
need that it should be put into the reconstruc-
tion acts in express terms, but it was understood
tn°se States in good faith complied with
all the conditions which had been laid down by
Congress, Congress, keeping that- same good
faith, would be equally bound to admit them
to their practical relations with the Govern-
ment. That is the pledge to which I referred.
It is a pledge which I am quite certain is bind-
ing upon that Senator's conscience, and which
he will show is binding upon him when ho comes
to vote upon this question.
I have studied these reconstruction acts, Mr.
President, and I am surprised that Senators on
this floor to-day should rise and make it a ques-
tion whether certain oaths are or are not re-
quired by them. I am surprised that some
Senators who have had such long experience
in this body, and who have so much betterreason
to be advised on this point than younger mem-
bers on this floor, should not have observed
more cautiously the current of legislation on
this now familiar, and almost too familiar sub-
ject.
But, sir, as I said, I did not rise to reply to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, ex-
cept in a single point where he had seemed to
misunderstand me.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not rise to mingle in
this discussion. There are a variety of ex-
ecutive communications, we are apprised, sir,
upon your table, and I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on that motion the Chair, if there
be no objection, will lay before the Senate cer-
tain messages which should be presented in
open session.
Several Senators. Certainly.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
'To the Senate of the United States
In response to the resolution of the Senate of De-
cember 9.1S69. requesting the information in posses-
sion of tho President or any of the Departments
relating fo tho. action which has been had in the
district of Virginia, under the act "authorizing the
submission of the constitutions of Virginia, Missis-
sippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, and author-
izing the election ef State officers provided by the
said constitutions, and members of Congress." ap-
proved Api it 10,1809, I have the honor to transmit
herewith tho reports of the Seoretary of State, the
(secretary of War, and the Attorney General, to
whom severally the resolution was referred.
r U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
W ashington, D. C., January 10,1870.
The message was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, in response to the resolution of
the Senate of the 8th of December, I860, re-
questing him to inform the Senate "whether I
since the last session of Congress any negotia- 1
tions have taken place or been proposed be-
tween this Government and the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland in respect to a recip-
rocity treaty or reciprocity laws on the subject
of trade and commerce between the United
States and the Dominion of Canada; and that,
if consistent with the public servlcej he com-
municate to the Senate any correspondence
that may have taken place since the last ses-
sion of Congress on that subject between the
Executive and the Government of Great Britain
and Ireland or that of the Dominion of Can-
ada; ' which was ordered to lie on tho table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Postmaster General, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of 17th
of December, 1869, copies of all correspond-
ence in the negotiations had with the French
Government to secure a modification of the
postal convention with France of March 2
1857; which was referred to the Committee on
1 ost Offices and Post Roads, and "ordered to
be printed.
now is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive busiuess.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were,
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 10, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Wednesday, December 22,
1869, was read and approved.
order of business;
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint,
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
post routes in maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, introduced a bill
(H._R. No. 709) for establishing post routes in
Maine; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
time for meeting 01? congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 710) changing the time for
the_ future convening of the Congress of tho
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
protection op american citizens.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, also introduced
a^ bill (H. R. No. 711) to protect American
citizens; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
the Reorganization of the Civil Service of the
Government.
naval rank, etc.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
712) to provide an advisory board and regulate-
rank m the Navy of the United States, and for
other purposes; which- was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced a bill (EL
R. No. 713) to regulate the rank of the medi-
cal staff of the Navy ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
entry op canadian productions.
^ Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
i 14) authorizing the entry of Canadian produe-
tions without consular certificate ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
delight draper.
SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(H. R. No.. 715) for the payment of back pen-
sion to Delight Draper ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
st. albans bank.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The
question
' of Vermont, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 710) for the relief of the St.
I Albans bank of St. Albans, Vermont; which
j was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
pension laws.
Mr. HOAR introduced a bill (II. R. No.
tii) to amend the pension laws; which -was
read a hrst and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
FRANK n. MANN.
wMr;1H;0AR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 718) for the relief of Frank H. Mann;
