.1648
T8E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
oris, Sao Juan de los Caballeros, Santa Clara,
San Yldefonzo, Pojuaque, Tezuque, Namb6,
Cochiti, Santo Domingo, San Felipe, Silla. San-
tana, iemez, Zandia, Ysleta. Laguna, Acoma,
Zufii; nineteen in all. The President and the
other officers already mentioned treated them
very kindly and sympathized with them, and
promised them to exert themselves to have
some measures passed by Congress as early
as possible to remedy the evils that they
complained of and ameliorate their condition.
The Indians, whose names were Juan Andres
Abeita and Juan Bey Lucero, still thought
that their Great Father was all-powerful and
that he was only pleading poverty in order to
sooner get rid of them; and as an additional
argument stated that but a short time previous
to their leaving New Mexico they heard from
the superintendent of Indian aifeira of that
Territory that he had purchased fifteen thou-
sand head of sheep as a present for the Nava-
joes, and that they were also aware that a
large amount of corn had also been purchased
ana transported for the use of these Indians;
that the Navajoes from time immemorial had
been the bitter, implacable enemies of the
whites, robbing them of their property, killing
their men, and taking into a captivity worse
■than death itself their women and children,
and that while these Indians, and the Co-
manches, Apaches, and Utes were thus acting,
they, the Pueblos, without a single exception,
were assisting the whites in repelling those
invasions; id pursuing the depredators, and in
dealing to them, when fortunate, the merited
punishment; and that sometimes unfortunately
the Pueblo Indian «nd the white man were
from the force of circumstances compelled to j
occupy the same grave; that they saw and
heard of large appropriations being made for
the benefit of alt wild, savage, bad Indians,
and that all the benefit that the Pueblos had
ever received from this Government was the
appointmentof two agents to attend to them,
who generally knew nothing of them and could
not understand them, and who, however will-
ing they might be to do so, were unable, as
their nineteen Pueblo towns extended for
nearly three hundred miles. They hoped that
stealing and murdering and scalping would not
be considered as virtues, and therefore those
large appropriations to that kind of Indians,
but that honesty and thrift and virtue might be
rewarded, and that the Pueblo Indians of New
Mexico have some acknowledgment from this
Government that their behavior is worthy of
being followed. I am sorry to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that our President was forced to make the
humiliating confession to these poor Indians,
who thought him nearly all-powerful, that " he
was powerless to assist them, not braving the
money."
I think it is eminently proper that this ap-
propriation should be made, that these Indians
should be educated, and that these towns should
be nsed as a nucleus from which to start and
build up a new policy, one which will redound
to the honor of the Government and to the
benefit of the whites and Indians.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes thirty-swven, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the committee rise.
There is evidently no quorum in the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw that motion. We can
get through with the bill in a few minutes.
Mr. WOOD. It is now half past four o'clock.
Mr. SARGENT. We adjourned yesterday
at half past three o'clock, and we can afford to
sit a little later to-day.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. PROSSER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph
headed "New Mexico:"
Including 55,000, to be expended in establishing
schools among the Pueblo Indians.
That amendment does not increase the
appropriation, and I hope no objection will be
made to it.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 65,- noes 15; no quorum
voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can anything be passed
without a quorum?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I want the Chair
to carry out the rules of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
California will let us rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Prosser and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 98, noes 16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Oregon:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Ovegon, including insurance and trans-
portation of annuity goods and presents, where no
special provision therefor is made by treaties, and
for defraying the expenses of the removal and sub-
sistence of Indians in Oregon not parties to any
treaty, and for pay of necessary employes, $36,600.
Mr. CLEVELAND.- I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill. It is whether the words " including
insurance and transportation" are required by
law to he put in there ? Is there any law or
any treaty which requires it?
Mr. SARGENT. It has been the uniform
practice of the Government to insure the goods
which it delivers and to pay for their transport-
ation. There is no provision for it in the
tr6&tlG8
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then I move to strike
out the words " including insurance and trans-
portation."
Mr. SARGENT. Then the gentleman will
do just what be does not want done. The bill
as it stands provides that these charges shall
be paid out of the sum appropriated. If you
strike out thoBe words the amount appropri-
ated will be employed for other purposes, and
there will be a deficiency for those items. We
agree to deliver goods to the Indians—to de-
liver them of course where the Indians are, not
in New York or Chicago.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we have done a
very good day's work on this bill; and as it is
now late, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope not.
The motion that the committee rise was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For surveys of Indian reservations, and subdivid-
ing into lots portions of the same, $144,480.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the par-
agraph just re&d by adding to it the following:
Provided, That none of these appropriations shall
be expended for surveys of Choctaw and Chickasaw
lands, unless the same shall be requested by the
Choctaw and Chickasaw- people, through their re-
spective legislative councils, in accordance with
article eleven of the treaty with such Indians, oon-
cludcd April 28,1868.
Tfye amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
further amend this paragraph by adding to it
the following:
And provided further. That no part of the said sums
herein appropriated for other than treaty Indians
shall be given to the support of able-bodied male
Indians, excepting as wages, at a fair rate, for labor
performed upon tne reservations, or upon roads or
other public works in said Territories; said labor to
be performed under direction of the superintendents
Indians affairs and the Indian agents in the Ter-
o€
ritories.
Mr. SARGENT,
order.
The CHAIRMAN,
his point of order.
I rise to a question of
The gentleman will state
Mr. SARGENT. My point of order is that
the amendment of the gentleman from Arizona
[Mr. McCormick] is not germane to the para-
graph proposed to be amended; and also that
we have passed the part of the bill to which it
is to be applied.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Thisamend-
ment is, in spirit, the same amendment which
I offered early this afternoon. I then applied
it to my own Territory only. I now propose
to have it applied to all appropriations for
; Indians with whom we have no treaties ; that
no able-bodied Indian shall receive any por-
tion of this money except as wages for labor
performed at fair rates of wages.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. McCormick, of Arizona; and upon
a division there were—ayes 36, noes 44; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 49, noes 59.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For intereston certain stocks and bonds belonging
to the Cherokee national fund, $18,602 86.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word of this paragraph, for the purpose
of making an inquiry of the gentleman who
has charge of this bill,[Mr. Sargent.] I would
inquire of him whether this paragraph includes
the interest on the entire amount of bonds held
by the Government for this tribe of Indians ?
Mr. SARGENT. It does not. The only
case in which an appropriation for interest is
inserted in an appropriation bill is where the
stocks held by the Government for the Indians
are non-interest paying in part or in whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will recol-
lect—I think he was in Congress at the time—
that at the close of the Thirty-Sixth Congress
the fact was developed that several of these
bonds were stolen.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think we can
do much more business this afternoon.
Mr. SARGENT. As it is now pretty late I
will move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Mer-
cur reported that the Comnjittee of the Whole
•on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 1169,
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege. I send to the Clerk's
desk a resolution which I offer for action at
this time, and upon it I call the previous ques-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Jienolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire by what means and by whom
the jfcivileges of this House have been invaded by
, the publication of the testimony taken before the
! Committee on Banking and Currency in advance of
j its report to the House, with power to summon wit-
nesses, who shall be paid from the contingent fund of
t the House; also to inquire, with like powers, what
legislation or action on the part of the House i.
necessary to protect members of Congress from con-
spiracies of office-brokers and others to make charge.1
against members for the purpose of extorting monej
and procuring appointments by bribes or threats, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WOOD and Mr. KELSEY. That is
right.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
