1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4481
able de facto contending forces. This is all
that is involved in the recognition of belliger-
ency. Especially is this true and just, and
more than this may be just when the insurgent
cause is such as necessarily to command the
sympathies of the foreign Government and
people, from its analogy with the historical
antecedents and the fundamental political prin-
ciples of the latter; and when close neighbor-
hood and the intermingling of interests com-
bine, to appeal at once to the hearts of the
people and to the intelligent statesmanship of
its Government.
In such a case as this it is clear that the Gov-
ernment rebelled against has no just, no rea-
sonable right to complain of or be surprised
at it. It cannot ask more than neutrality from
the supposed neighboring Power. It ought
rather to be reasonably grateful if its popular
sympathies and public interests should not
impel it to go further than the mere passive
attitude of neutrality. It surely cannot pretend
to the right of dragging its neighbor into virtual
aid and alliance with it, through its own unre-
stricted power of purchasing its war supplies,
and building and equipping its naval reinforce-
ments in the neighbor's ports, (as witness the
gun-boats,) a right which cannot be denied to
it so long as the neighbor approves and treats
as rebels without rights the other side to the
pending contest. The above positions are ele-
mentary and indisputable. I have stated them
moderately, and feel sure they will commend
themselves to everybody's common sense and
common justice. The only question that can
arise out of them refers to that application to
the existing state of facts as between the Cuban
patriots and the Spanish Government, and as
between them and the United States. Now,
as to the true condition of hostilities in Cuba,
the President and Secretary of State, like the
friends of Spain in the United States, say there
islittle Cuban military opposition, denying that
there is such a condition of hostilities as war-
rants the belief that there is any kind of gov-
ernment on the part of the insurgents.
The President can have but two sources of
information—that which is conveyed through
Spanish hands by telegraph and mail, and that
which American officials may send. It is only
from such quarters that information has been
received by the President, The first, that from
Spanish authority is, of course, unreliable. It
is not only unreliable, but it is known to be by
merchants and others in New York having
almost daily intercourse with the island, to be
false so far as it states what is daily and hourly
occurring. Nor can we be surprised at this
when we recollect the vast iuterett which Spain
has at stake. She holds control of the tele-
graph and mail, and doubtless uses tiiem to
deceive the world in this matter. Nor can we
rely on the statements of our own agents. Hie
inducements held out to them to belittle the
power and the strength of the insurgents are
too great for their resistance. Spanish gold is
a powerful engine. It is not uncharitable to
conclude that its use has been successfully
applied. Men's opinions are frequently insens-
ibly biased by powerful influences, and that
such appliances have not been uped with suc-
cess in the present case is expecting too much
under the circumstances j therefore, it is to be
presumed that no reliance can be placed upon
' the statements in the hands of the (government
as to the real state of the war as now existing
in Cuba. . ,
In my opinion the President is deceived,
and is not well informed, and it is our duty to
seek other sources of information. It is cer-
tain that the war has lasted already nearly two
years, in spite of all the force> both military and
navalj possessed by Spain m the island at the
outset and subsequently dispatched to it. it
is also certain that all the eastern portion ot
the island is under the substantial control of
the patriots, the Spanish forces being shut up
in a few strong places on the coast, Irom which
they are unable to venture forth to any dis-
41st Oong. 2d Sess.—No. 281.
tance, and that for months they have been in
a state of virtual inaction, awaiting the re'$i-
forcements urgently appealed for to Spain, a
feature in which this war resembles those so
long and obstinately carried on by Spain to
retain her hold upon her other revolted colonies
in America.
Again, the government of President Ces-
pedes, in regard to whom the result is yet to
decide whether he is to be 111 history the
Washington or the Jefferson Davis of his coun-
try, has the forms of a regular organization,
recognized and supported by a considerable
population, and covers a surface, stated by
some accounts at a half, and by others at two
thirds of the island, though his forces have
not yet been able to venture upon an approach
to the heart and citadel of the Spanish power,
the region about Havana, nor, for want of
artillery, to attack the strong fortified places on
the coast. I think that few persons any longer
dispute the fact that the sympathies of at least
nine tenths if not the whole of the Cuban peo-
ple—the native Cubans as distinguished from
the peninsular Spaniards resident in the island,
most of them temporarily, some permanently—
are against Spain.
The mere fact of the Cubans having dared
to venture 011 such an insurrection against the
heavy pressure of the Spanish power and its
chronic system of martial law was a heroic
venture ; that they revolted in the face of such
vast odds of military and naval force shows
their own conviction and knowledge of their
own power, while the magnitude of their move-
ment and the length of time through which they
have been able to maintain it go far to prove
it. Besides, we have more direct and conclu-
sive evidence of the true state of affairs there
in the statement of General Jordan, under oath,
which the Clerk has read. I am yet to meet
the first Spaniard, in Spain or abroad, and I have
conversed with many, who dispute the fact that
the Cubans, en masse, hate the Spanish connec-
tion, which to them means metropolitan despot-
ism, extortionate taxation, colonial degrada-
tion, martial law elevated into a permanentgov-
ernment, all in the sole interest of Spain and of
successive swarms of Spanish employes, and
total absence of all guarantees of public or pri-
vate liberties ; the whole tempered only by the
fact of the great material wealth and prosperity
of the island consequent upon its rich agri-
cultural resources, developed through African
labor under direction of white intelligence,
and upon that public order and tranquillity
which constitute the one sole benefit, incident
to such a system, administered by a strong
hand of ever-vigilant power.
In conformity with the general principles of
the international law ot the question above
laid down, these broad facts certainlygo far to
justify, 011 the part of any foreign Government,
that recognition of belligerent rights which the
Cubans are now seeking at our hands. Butin
regard to the United States there are other
and further points which strengthen theirright
to ask and ours to accord it. We have an in-
terest in Cuba peculiar and great, such as none
of the other neutral Powers possess, and such
as we cannot ignore if we would. She is our
close neighbor. Like a watch-dog across a
threshold, she lies across the entrance and out-
let of an inland sea, the Gulf of Mexico. All
feel and know that sooner or later our political
system must spread round the whole of that
Gulf, and Cuba must then be under our protec-
torate, if nut eventually incorporated into our
system. This is noquestionot greed of domin-
ion, but simply of population and geography.
The general Spanishdeclaration, through all
the organs of public expression, is to theellect
that Spain will never leave Cuba but as a
desert and a ruin. We have a right to ''put dovvn
our foot," (though the raising of afinger would
probably suffice) and say that this shall notbc
so. We have a great commerce with Cuba,
and many of our citizens are resident there,
in connection therewith. Notafew Americans
own or are interested in Cuban estates... Many
if not most of the sugar plantations and other
mechanical industries are directed by Ameri-
can engineers. We cannot be indifferent .to
these interests and to the fate of so many of
our citizens, rightfully and legitimately there.
Again, the patriot cause in Cuba is identi-
cal with that of our own war of independence,
to which we owe the birtli of our nation and
the creation of our political system. If the
scene of operations is smaller, the metropoli-
tan oppression against which they have risen
is tenfold greater than any of which we had
to complain. Were our fathers left uncheered
by foreign sympathy, unrecognized as belliger-
ents on cold legal grounds of technical polit-
icalform, because thedistanthome Government
was the regular constituted authority and the
colonial insurgents were stigmatized as "reb-
els?" Let the names of Rochambeau and
D'Estaing answer. Our success was due to
something more than mere moral sympathy
and mere simple recognition of belligerent
rights. Ask yourself what would be the answer
of Washington and of all the generation of
heroes, military and civilian, of whom he was
the chief, could the question be put to them
which has now to be met by our people and
our Government in regard to Cuba.
I have alluded to the large number of our
citizens rightfully and lawfully in Cuba, in the
prosecution of commercial, industrial, and
agricultural interests, which their Government
has no right to ignore. Even among those
there is a natural and inevitable and irrepress-
ible sympathy with a cause so analogous to that
consecrated to us by our own history. Many
of them doubtless went there even as a La
Payette, a Pulaski, and a Steuben came once
to our shores. Is it, I ask, in human nature
to be indifferent to their fate, whatever cold
legality of argument may be stated against
their right to follow those now revered histor-
ical examples? Our Government may, indeed
must, discharge its legal duty, as it has more
than done and is daily doing, of arresting all
organized expeditions from our ports on such
scale as to be visible to the public eye and in
such form as to be cognizable to the law; but
individuals, singly or in small numbers, mak-
ing their way into Cuba in the exercise of
those personal liberties which our Government
has neither right nor power to restrain, can be
as little blamed with any serious severity for
so doing as they can be practically prevented.
And when they have so gone, as not a few have
done, it is impossible but what they should be
followed with anxious eyes and hopes and sym-
pathies, both of our own people and of those
of our people who fill the posts of Government.
Blood is thicker than water. Such sympathies
are legitimate and reasonable, as well as irre-
pressible. _ . .
We cannot ignore this class of our citizens
in Cuba, and should demand of Spain to de-
sist from that detestable system hitherto prac-
ticed by her of the summary massacre of pris-
oners, sacrificing even those who are only
objects of suspicion to a passionate and ruth-
less soldiery. With reference to them, even if
not of our kin, the simple consideration of
humanity is held to confer that right upon any
neighboring Power, indignant at such specta-
cles and strong enough to claim and exercise
it. We have a right to insist that the contest
shall be conducted with some regard to the
rules of civilized war. Eugland sent a signifi-
cant and effectual mission to Spain in that
sense during the Christian-Carlist civil war;
and if our recognition of the belligerency of
the patriot side in the present contest shall,
though its moral influence tend to that effect,
as it must, of compelling Spain to accord to
the Cubans the rights of civilized war, it is
not less a right than a duty on our part to
accord such recognition. Nor should we be
the first in doing so ; all Oi the Spanish-Amer-
ican republics h$ve preceded us in that step.
, Is our case different from theirs, in our favor
