1870.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2693
the benefit of manufacturers of like goods in
this country. This is a most important inno-
vation upon the act of 18G7. I -will not waste
my time here in addressing this House, but I
will merely call their attention to it so that I
may make up a record upon my motion for
use hereafter before the people. "I propose to
tako some of this hair-cloth and exhibit it to
the people, and let them see what the article
is upon which it is now proposed to levy a duty
of 190 per cent, ad valorem.
These hair goods cost on an average 3 shil-
lings sterling, or 12 cents gold per yard. They
weigh about 2J pounds per yard ; and 50 cents
a pound on 21 pounds, with 35 percent, ad va-
lorem, would make about$X 36 gold per yard, or
about 190 per cent, ad valorem. Nov/, I shall
be told again and again that I represent the
importers. I do; and at the same time I
represent more coal and more iron than any
one member from Pennsylvania. In my district-
may be found men whose immense capital
moves, propels, and guides a very large pro-
portion of the iron and coal of Pennsylvania.
Those men have invested their capital in
Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania products. My
constituents embrace a large number of man-
ufacturers us well as of importers. And of
the importers of my district at least lour fifths of
them have hitherto voted against me whenever 1
have been a candidate for Congress. But with
such votes as have been given in this House
they will no longer vote in that way, but will
rally around those who are their true friends.
Mr. A. T. Stewart has not been a Democrat,
but a constant Republican.
I am not to be daunted with this outcry here
again and again that 1 and my colleagues rep-
resent importers alone. Our city is full of
manufacturers, as much so as is the city rep-
resented by the gentlemen from Philadelphia.
New York abounds in manufactures of all
sorts ; and the manufactures, commerce, and
capital of that wonderful city is as well repre-
sented on this floor as they could be by any
one who would seek to represent only a par-
ticular or iocal interest.
Why is New York more than Philadelphia?
Why does New York absorb all the power and
influence of Pennsylvania? Whyi3 the capital
of New York sought for by Pennsylvania ? Why
is New York the metropolitan city of this great
country? "Why is it increasing as no other
ciiy is in wealth, by manufactures as well as
by "importations, by little manufactures as well
as by great ? It is by the magnanimity of its
action, by its vast comprehension of the inter-
est of forty million people ; by not having local
Representatives, seeking to subserve local
interests merely, butby having Representatives
who seek to advance the interests of the whole
countiy.
Mr. KELLEY. The city of Philadelphia
imports through New York for the same rea-
son that London imports through Liverpool
and Paris through Havre, because it is a con-
venient port of entry, not because our capital
is there. The gentleman wants to strike out
words that guard the farmer of the West and
the laborer of the Bast from this combination
of shoddy and cow's hair. Tt looks very strong;
it is very thick ; but any person wearing will
liud that, when he gets home after a good rail-
road ride it will be worn into holes. I have
specimens of the article now in my hands, and
I ask gentlemen to observe, [illustrating;] the
texture is so feeble that with the slightest effort
it tears to pieces. It is rotten, rotten as it was
when the material was carried from the lazar-
houses of Smyrna to the shoddy-fields of Lon-
don t.o be manufactured. We propose to pro-
tect our wool-growers from competition with
such an article and from being robbed by the
purchase of it. The gentleman from New York
asks us to give facilities for the admission of
such fabrics. I have confined myself to the
subject in hand, and I hope we shall now have
a vote.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 163.
A Membek. Where do those specimens come
from?
Mr. KELLEY. A. T. Stewart imported the
article and introduced these specimens to the
attention of the Committee ofWaysand Means.
The amendment of Mr. Bbooks, of New
York, was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by striking
out " 50," in line two hundred and three, and
inserting in lieu thereof " 20," so as to make
the duty 20 cents per pound. Mr. Chairman,
the duty at, present on these articles' is 35 per
cent, ad valorem, and the effect of this para-
graph, as proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, will be to increase the duty to about
190 per cent. I wish that the people of this
country who are interested in this kind of legis-
lation could be made to appreciate fully the
extent to which the protectionists of this coun-
try propose to go. It appears that there is no
limit to their Zealand cupidity in the direction
of extorting tribute from the pockets of the
consumers for the benefit of the manufacturers
and of the favorites of Congress.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I dislike to raise a point
of order on the gentleman, but surely he is not
discussing the paragraph under consideration.
During the time assigned for general debate
the fullest latitude was allowed for the discus-
sion of theories.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman did not raise
his point of order on the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. 1<ei,ley,] his colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, when a few
moments ago he palpably violated the rule on
which the chairman now proposes to insist.
Mr. SCHBNCK. His remarks were directly
in point. The very article under consideration
was exhibited here, and though a sort of mus-
cular argument, as it has been said, was pre-
sented, still it was directly to the point.
Mr. KERR. I do not refer to the last speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but the
one made a few moments earlier. J hope I
may be allowed to go on.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] is constantly charging upon this side
of the House that we are in favor of "English
free trade." I desire to say to him that we are
in favor of enjoying the benefit of just and good
government in this country, of the beneficent
traits of sound policy, of fair and reasonable
competition, and of as honest laws as other
people anywhere in the world can enjoy. We
want "American" free trade as nearly as prac-
ticable, because it is a good thing to have any-
where. It is simply human freedom enjoyed in
trade and comm erce. 11 is based upon the sacred
principle of equality in the great race of life,
in the struggle for individual success and pros-
perity, in the conduct of the common affairs
of daily life and business. It does injustice to
none, and protects all against the extortions
of the strong, of capital, of wealth and polit-
ical power combined, and of the conspiracies
among the owners of large special interests.
It would relieve the House and country from
the daily exhibitions of grab, selfishness, and
grasping greed that are now witnessed here.
It, would keep the monopolists who now want
to live by extorted tribute at home attending
to their "honest pursuits instead of filling our
lobbies and galleries with their agents and
strategists to get up rings and combinations to
control and corrupt legislation as they now do.
The gentleman need not exhibit here his rot-
ten rags for the purpose of scaring the friends
of a decent tariff law and reform. We are not,
to be intimidated by the exhibition of such
trash as that, made most likely by some shoddy
manufacturer in his own district, and brought
here to alarm anybody who may be foolish
enough to be deluded in that way. The peo-
ple in this country are neither all infants nor
fools. They have mother-wit, if not intelli-
gence, and can try the strength of cloth before
they buy it as well as the protectionists. They
do not want guardians of that kind.
Mr. KELLEY. The samples I exhibited
were imported by A. T. Stewart, by whom
they were sent to the Committee of ways and
Means, with an elaborate letter, which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper, ]
my colleague on the committee, now has in his
hand and desires to read.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. He tells us that he wants the people of
this country to have protection on their wool.
I showed on Saturday that the "Wool-growers
of this country do not want this protection on
wool, and they do not thank the gentleman and
his friends for such measures. The people in
Indiana and elsewhere throughout the country
understand that the friends of " protection': are
simply attempting to steal from them through
the agency of these swindling tariff laws. But
the gentleman tells us, in his solemn tones,
that the laborers of this country are going to
be turned out with nothing to do unless this
tariff bill passes. Is he the friend of labor?
When the gentleman would by a swindling
tariff law put ten cents into one pocket of the
laboring man, and then by this cunningly de-
vised system take a dollar out of the other
pocket, is he the friend of the laborer? That
is what protection is doing. It gives a dol-
lar and takes five in return; it increases wages
a little and all commodities consuhied by
laborers much more; it gives this increase in
wages only to a few. Millions of peofle and
the greater pari, of all the produ'ets of the coun-
try are beyond the reach of protection at all.
It is absurd to enact laws to protect the growers
of live stock, of wheat, corn, oats, hay, pota-
toes, and other products, or to protect the vast
majority of the pursuits of the people, such as
blacksmiths, tailors, carpenters, shoemakers,
seamstresses, and others, and all such laws are
deceptions. Do not tell mc you are aiding the
laboring men of this country by that sort of
laws. Give them cheap materials, give them
cheap commodities to consume, and if yon
please give them lower wages; but let then-
wages have greater purchasing power, so that
with less wages they can buy more, live better,
educate their children better, have more com-
fort, and become more useful citizens. This
is the policy that I would inaugurate, and it
would inevitably result in greater prosperity
to the people and to the laborers, ft should
never be forgotten that the great compensation
for 1 lie low price3 paid for labor in Europe is
in the exceeding cheapness of all the commod-
ities consumed by the laborers. With a little
better paid labor in this country we have al-
most fabulously high prices on nearly all that
laborers consume.
The gentleman tells us that we on this side
voted to increase the duty on tea. coffee, and
sugar, desiring Urns to make a little cheap
buncombe. Mr. Chairman, he knows we did
not do any such thing. He knows that on this
side we voted to sustain the recommendation
of his own committee on that subject, to reduce
tea and coffee each 20 per cent, and sugar about
33 per cent, on thepresent duly. But he would
be willing to take off all the duty on tea, coffee,
and sugar, and impose it on something else —
on iron, steel, and coal, where it would cost
the consumers at least twice as much, while
operating in the interest of these monopolies.
That is what it means, and such is the hypo-
critical policy of protection. I will tell the
gentleman another thing : that every man of
this side of the House expects, when the bill
comes to be voted on finally, it will have been
made so mean, so unjust, so oppressive and
sectional, so great a swindle, that we will all
vote against it without a single exception.
My own desire throughout this tariff discus-
sion has been to improve the existing law if
possible, on true principles of tariff reform.
I wanted to take off burdens where they would
most relieve the peopie and most benefit the
Treasury ; where they would most cheapen tne
cost of production and approach nearest to the
