1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
Latus of the United Stales.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
structed and built as not to obstruct, impair,
or injuriously modify the navigation of the
river; and in order to secure a compliance
with these conditions, the corporation, asso-
ciation, or company proposing to erect the
same, previous to commencing the construc-
tion of the bridge, shall submit to the Secre-
tary of War apian ofthebridge, with adetailea
map of the river at the proposed site of the
bridge and for the distance of a mile above and
below the site exhibiting the depths and cur-
rents at all points cf the same, together with
all other information touching said bridge and
river as [that] may be deemed requisite by
the Secretary of War to determine whether
the said bridge, when built, will conform to
the prescribed conditions of the act, not to
obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the nav-
igation of the river: Provided further, That
the Secretary of War may detail an officer to
superintend the survey and examination of
said river with a view to said location.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
directed, upon receiving said plan and map
and other information, and upon being satis-
fied that a bridge built on such plain [plan]
and at said locality will conform to the pre-
scribed conditions of this act, not to obstruct,
impair, or injuriously modify the navigation ot
said river, to notify the said corporation, asso-
ciation, or company proposing to erect the
same that he approves the same; and upon
receiving such notification, the said corpora-
tion, association, or company may proceed to
the erection of said bridge, conforming strictly
to the approved plan and location. But until
the Secretary of War approve the plan and
location of said bridge, and notify the said
corporation, association, or company of the
same, the bridge shall not be built or com-
menced.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation of the city of Portland is
hereby authorized and empowered, so far as
Congress has the power to grant the same, to
make such rules and regulations for the care
of said bridge, and for the regulation and col-
lection of tolls for crossing on the same, as they
shall deem just and reasonable.
Approved, February 2, 1870.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to establish a Land Dis-
trict in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the public lands of
the United States in the Territory of Wyoming
shall constitute a land district, to be called the
district of Wyoming, the office for which shall
be established at such place, within said district,
as the President of the United States may from
time to time direct; and the preemption laws
and all other laws not locally inapplicable are
hereby extended to said Territory.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and is
hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a surveyor
general for Wyoming, with a salary of three
thousand dollars per annum, who shall locate
his office at such place as the Secretary of the
Interior shall from time to time direct, aiiu
whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibili-
ties, and allowances for clerk hire, office rent,
fuel, and incidental expenses, shall be the same
as those of the surveyor general of Colorado,
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and such instructions as lie may from
time to time deem advisable to give him.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, 1 hat tae
Piesident be, and hereby is, authorized to
appoint, by ond with the advice and consent
of the Senate, 'i register and receiver for said
district, who shall respectively be required to
reside at the site of said office, and who shall
have the same powers, perform the same duties,
and receive the same compensation as are now,
and may hereafter be, prescribed by law for
other land offices of the United States.
Approved, February 5, 1870.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the temporary Relief
of the Poor and Destitute People in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, instructed to make such
orders as may be necessary for the tempo;
rary relief, in cases of absolute necessity, of
the poor of the cities of Washington and George-
town until otherwise ordered by the President
of the United States; and that the amount thus
to be expended shall not exceed the sum of
thirty thousand dollars ; which sum is hereby
appropriated for that purpose outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, That relief shall be afforded by the
Secretary of War under this resolution only
upon the recommendation of the Washington
Association for the Improvement of the Condi-
tion of the Poor, or the National Freedmeti's I
Relief Association, or the Industrial Home
School. That the Secretary of War may agree j
with the benevolent associations aforesaid, or
with other persons; to furnish the supplies ne-
cessary to carry this act into effect, whenever,
in his opinion, the same can bo furnished at a
cheaper rate than the same can bo done other-
wise.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to furnish, upon the recommendation of
the Washington Association for the Improve
ment of the Condition of the Poor, or the
National Freedmen's Relief Association, orthe
Industrial Home School, condemned clothing
and other articles, notsuited for Army purposes,
for distribution by them among the poor and
destitute in the District of Columbia, not to
exceed ten thousand dollars, and the persons
charged with the expenditure of the aforesaid
appropriation shall, so far as may be practica-
ble, provide labor and materials for labor, so
as to promote and improve the condition of the
P Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
use of the buildings 'in Judiciary square, occu-
pied as storehouses by the medical department
of the Army,be granted, until otherwise ordered
by the President, to the Women's Christian
Association of Washington, for the purposeof
enabling said association to give employment
to indigent women.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, J hat the
parties hereinbefore, named to whom the distri-
bution of the said fund is intrusted shall make
renort to Congress on the first Monday in
December next of their action, when the sum
hereby appropriated shall have been ex-
pended.
Approved, February 15, 1370.
Chsp XVIII.—An Act makingAppropriat,ions
for the support of the Military Ac-anemy uir
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the thirtieth ot
June, eighteen hundred and seventy-one:
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, cadets, and musicians, two hun-
dred and fiva thousand two hundred and ninety-
three dollars and twenty cents ;
For commutation of officers' subsistence,
six thousand five hundred and seventy dollars ;
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' ser-
vants, one hundred and fifty-six dollars;
For repairs and improvements, twenty thou-
sand dollars;
For fuel and apparatus, fourteen thousand
dollars;
For forage for draught animals, twelve hun-
dred dollars;
For postage and telegrams, two hundred dol-
lars ;
For stationery, five hundred dollars ;
For transportation, twelve hundred dollars ;
For new press, type, and materials for office,
and diplomas for graduates, one thousand three
hundred dollars;
For cadet registers, class reports, and blanks,
two hundred dollars;
For compensation to pressmen and lithog-
rapher, one hundred dollars ;
For clerks to disbursing officers and quar-
termasters, onethousand six hundred and fifty
dollars;
For clerks to adjutants, one thousand five
hundred dollars;
For clerks to treasurers, one thousand five
hundred dollars;
For contingent expenses of the departments
of mathematics, artillery, cavalry, and infantry,
ordnance and gunnery, practical engineering,
civil and military engineering, natural and
experimental philosophy, and compensation to
attendant, three thousand tlireo hundred and
fifty dollars;
For miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
viz: gas, coal, for lighting Academy barracks,
muss-hall, and hospital, officers' stables, three
thousand five hundred dollars; water pipes,
plumbing, rcnairs, one thousand five hundred
dollars; scrubbing public buildings, (not quar-
ters,) five hundred dollars; brooms, brushes,
tubs, pails, and wages of police, fifteen hun-
dred dollars; chalk, sponge, and slates for
recitation-rooms, fifty dollars ; musical instru-
ments, repairs for baud, and organist in chapel,
three hundred dollars ; compensation to libra
rian, one hundred and twenty dollars; com-
pensation to assistant librarian, one hundred
and twenty dollars; compensation of non-
commissioned officers in charge of mechanics,
fifty dollars; and compensation of soldierwrit-
ing in adjutant's offices, fifty dollars; in all
seven thousand six hundred and ninety dollars;
For the departments of drawing, French,
ethics, Spanish, and the department of chem-
istry, mineralogy, and geology, including one
thousand dollars, and no more, for the yearly
supply of chemicals, glassware, porcelain,
paper, for the latter department, fourtliousaud
and ten dollars;
For increase and expense of library, t"/o
thousand dollars ;
For annual repairs of gas pipes, gas meters,
and retorts, six hundred dollars;
For furniture for cadets' hospital, two hun-
dred and fifty dollars;
For repairs and additions to officers quar-
j ters, three thousand dollars:
For fuel for cadets' mess-hall, shops, and
laundry, three thousand dollars ;
For tire-proof building for public offices and
archives, twenty-five thousand dollars ;
For rebuilding the north wharf, seven thou-
■ sand dollars ;
' For repairing roads, five hundred dollars;
For furniture for soldiers hospital, one hun-
dred dollars:
I For grading, draining, and improving tuo
! artillery and cavalrydrill ground, two thousand
: dollais;
| For contingencies for Superintendent, one
j thousand dollars.
I And hereafter, in addition to the other mem-
