1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1649
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLISION OF THE BOMBAY AND ONEIDA. '
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considpred, and agreed to:
/> o?W. That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
auested to commumcnto to this House,when he snail
have received the information, under what circum-
stances occurred the loss, by collision wit h the British
mail steamer Bombay, near the coast of Japan, on the
"4th of January last, of the United States steamer
Oneida, friving thonames and rank of the officers and
men who perished and of those who survived; and
whether thecollision was accidental or the result of
carelesmessand a disregard of oonsequences; whether
all possible means or any means were used to relieve
and r«scu« the officers and crew of the sinkins vessel; '
also, whether the reports by way of London through
the State Department npree in substance with those
rewired through Pan Francisco direct from the
scene of the disaster.
claim op mrs. ann r. elliott.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution :
JleaolveJ, That the Secretary of War bp, and is
hereby, requested to send to this House all the papers
now on file in his Department relating to the claim j
of Mrs. Ann R. Elliott, executrix of William Elliott, ;
for restoration of l&nds&t HiltonHoad, South Caro- >
lina,together with such views of the merits of the ;
claim as tho examination thereof by the WarDe- j
partment may suggest. I
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest to the gentle- !
man from Kentucky [Mr. Jones] to modify |
the language of his resolution so as to call for
copies of the papers. I presume he does not
waut the Secretary of War to send the original :
papers on file in his Department. j
Sir. JONES, of Kentucky. I accept the gen- '
tleman's suggestion, and modify the resolution
by inserting "copies of" before the words
"all the papers."
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
territory of wyoming.
Mr. CIJLLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1402) to repeal cer-
tain acts passed by the territorial Legislature
of Wyoming; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Horace
Porter,.one of hia Secretaries.
"black bob" indian lands.
Mr. CLARKE, by onanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 181) for
the sale of the "Black Bob" Indian lands, in
to actual settlers only; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
reconsideration of references, etc.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
votes by which various bills and joint resolu-
tions hare been to-day referred or recommitted,
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Porter on aeooont
of sickness in his family.
Mr. CAKE obtained leave of absence for
two W66ks*
Mr. MORGAN obtained leave of absence for
one week, on accoant of sickness in his family.
Mr, POLAND obtained leave of absence
till Monday next.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. UPSON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers in
the case of Ambrose Morrison, of Tennessee.
american citizens imprisoned abroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimons consent, laid
before the House a message from the Presi-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 104.
dent of the United States, transmitting, in
reply to a resolution of the House of February
15, 1870, a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying papers, relative to alleged
outrages on American citizens confined in
British prisons; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed. j
new national banks. !
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, j
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House dated February 28, 1870,
directing him to furnish the House with the
names of the national banks that have been
organized and furnished with circulating notes
since January 1,1869; the amount each bank
has received, and the reasons why those banks
were supplied with currency while it was with-
held from banks previously organized which
had not received the amount allowed them by
law; which was referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
brooklyn navy-yard.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House dated January 20, 1870, re-
questing him to communicate to the House
his views as to th$ expediency of removing the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, New York, to another
site; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
amendment to the constitution.
' The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of the State of Iowa, transmit-
ting a joint resolution ratifying the proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, adopted February 3,1870; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
! margaret t. robinson.
The SPEAKER also, by nnanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter of the Secretary
of War, in compliance with the request of the
Committee of Claims, transmitting copies of
papers on file in the Quartermaster General'b
i office pertaining to the claim of Margaret T.
1 Robinson, of Kentucky; which was referred
,to the Committee of Claims.
defaulting naval paymasters,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in response to a
resolution of the House of January 17, direct-
ing him to furnish to the House the names of
paymasters who have been reported defaulters,
with the amount of their respective defalca-
tions, since March 4,1869; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
staff rank in the navy.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a reso-
lution of the House, dated February 28,1870,
requesting him to transmit to this House all
the correspondence with Admiral Farragnt
relating to staff rank in the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was, by unani-
mous consent, granted to Mr. Dyer.
message from tub senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint reso-
i lution (S. R. No. 75) in relation to the printing
! for the use of the Department of State of ad-
i ditional copies of documents emanating from
I that Department; and also a bill (S. No. 505)
' for the relief of Captain Phelps Paine.
The message farther announced that the
President of the United States had notified the
Senate that he had on March 1,1870, approved
and signed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to
pass to the credit of the National Asylum of
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers the funds belong-
ing to it for the relief of sick and wounded
soldiers.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELSEY, the
House (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. in.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DAYIS : The petition of Russell A.
Britton and several hundred others, citizens
of Monroe county, New York, praying that pen-
sions be granted to the soldiers of 1812.
j Also, the petition of Messrs. Frost & Co., of
Rochester, Ne w York, and several others, gro w-
< era of seeds, trees, and plants, praying that the
proposed tariff bill may be amended in the pro-
visions affecting those articles.
Also, six petitions from large numbers of
citizens of Monroe and Orleans counties, New
York, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of L. B. Kirby,
postmaster, and others, citizens of Marshall
county, Alabama, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. HEATON: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of North Carolina, in relation
to the tariff on peanuts and the encouragement
of the culture of cotton.
j By Mr. HOAR: The petition of John S.
! Needham and others, of Blackstone, Massa-
chusetts, for the abolition of the duties on coal
i and fine wool.
Also, the petition of Henry E. Mason, of
j Medway, Massachusetts, for the abolition of
;: the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: The memorial
of the Governor and Legislature of Utah Ter-
ritory, praying for legislative authority to hold
annual sessions of the Legislature of said Ter-
ritory.
By Mr. M1LNES: The petition of B. F.
Hailman and 25 others, citizeus of Arbor Hill,
Virginia, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Elijah Piper and 26
others, citizens of Great Springs, Virginia, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. W, Gilkerson and
46 others, citizens of Brownsburg, Virginia, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of James Clark and 55 others, citizens of
Bridgeport, Gloucester county, New Jersey,
asking Congress to prevent the sale of intoxi-
cating drinks as a beverage in the District of
Columbia.   .....
By Mr. PORTER: The memorial of William
C. Dunham and othert. a joint committee of
the city council and Chamber of Commerce
of the city of Rtehn«ra<J, Virginia, praying for
an appropriation of $200,000 for the removal
of obstructions and deepening the channel of
the James river in Virginia.
Also, the petition of William McGruder,
of Henrico county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of disabilities under the fourteenth
amendment. . .
By Mr. READING: A petition of 85 citi-
zens of Bucks county*- Pennsylvania, cigar
manufacturers, for a tariff of three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem on
imported cigars.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of George
Van Ausdall, Benjamin Doty, Morgaa Harris,
and 26 others, citizens of Cold Spring, Suffolk
county, New York, for a reduction of duties on
ship-building materials,, and against the abro-
gation of the registry laws applicable to for-
eign-built vessels. .
j3y Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Charles
L Tannehill, John McNally, William M. Gallo-
way, H. King White, B. F. Fall, and Reed
