1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Fletcher* of Jefferson county, Arkansas, for
the removal of their disabilities.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: A memorial of
the citizens of Marquette, Michigan, with 90
names, asking that the Sault Ste. Marie canal
be accepted by the United States, and that an
appropriation be made to improve the same.
Also, the following petitions, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege, namely :
of George W. Ware and 36 others; of James
A. Brooks and 83 others; of J. M. Trask and
26 others; of L. A. DeWitt and 40 others; of'
Levi Wells and 31 others; of David Daniels
and 20 others; of Alexander P. Thomas and
42 others; of A. A. Robinson and 10 others;
of A. J. Clark and 33 others; of George Whit-
more and 40 others; of George L. Col well and
39 others; of Clayton Brown and 22 others;
of Amos Shaffer and 24 others ; of J. M. Car-
ter and 51 others; of D. W. Leonard and 42
others; of Thomas Kent and 18 others; of A.
A. Brockway and 89 others; of Lewis Laffter
and 40 others; and of Jules Borie and 20 others.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from cit-
izens of Lynnville, Giles county, fourth district
of Tennessee, asking the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of W. H.
Thompson and 900 others, citizens of Summit
county, Ohio, for the passage of a law pro-
hibiting the sale as a beverage of intoxicating
drinks in the District of Columbia.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 3, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. William Hamilton, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
claims on venezuela.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a communication
fromthe Secretary of State, with the accom-
panying documents, relative to the claims of
citizens of the United States on the Govern-
ment of Venezuela, which were adjusted by
the commission provided for by the convention
with that republic of April 25, 1866.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Thfr VICE PRESIDENT. The President
states that the accompanying papers have been
sent with a duplicate message to the House of
Representatives. The order to print will be
made, however, so that if no order to print
be made there they will be printed by order
of the Senate.
safety of steamboat passengers.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating a draft of a bill to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
petitions AND ME if OKI a lb.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a remonstrance signed by persons pro-
fessing to have been associated with Mr. Samuel
Adams in his pretended exploration of the
Colorado river, remonstrating against the pro-
posed payment of the expenses incurred by
him, on the ground that the party had defrayed
them themselves. The Chair has been requested
to present this remonstrance, the Territory hav-
ing no representative here. It will be referred
to the Committee on Claims, if there be no
objection. It is so ordered.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Sarah A. It. Lord, praying compensation for
cotton seized by Captain Qeorge E. Alden,
assistant quartermaster, and sola on account
of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
.Alabama, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PRATT. I present a preamble and res-
olutions of the trustees of the Indiana Uni-
versity, in the nature of a memorial, praying
for a modification of the law authorizing the
President to detail to an established college
or university an officer of the Army to act as
president, superintendent, or professor, so as
to authorize the detail of retired officers of
the Army to be professors of military science
and civil engineering, and when so detailed
to receive the same compensation that they
would be entitled to if they were on the active
list. I present also a letter from the pres-
ident of the board of trustees of the Indiana
University, explanatory of the memorial and
setting forth the reasons for it. I move that
these papers be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present several peti-
tions ; the first signed by citizens of the United
States, living in W oodstock, Vermont; the next
from Dnnbarton, New Hampshire; and another
from the town of Blaine, Pennsylvania. They
all relate to the subject of prohibiting the sale
of intoxicating liquors in this District. These
people, living some distance away, have an
interest in this District, I conclude; and they
very earnestly petition that there may be no
sale.of intoxicating liquors as a beverage in
this District. I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition of citizens
of the southern part of California, asking the
reestablishment of the United States district
court for the southern district of California,
which was abolished on the death of the judge
in 1866. They set forth that the population
of that part of the State is now one hundred
and fifty thousand; the value of the assessed
property $50,000,000; that there are a great
many cities and towns in that part of the State;
that to reach the seat of justice now they have
to travel some five or six hundred miles in
many instances, and at great expense to them-
selves, and the obstacles are so great as to
amount almost to a denial of justice. They
ask the reestablishment of that court, and I
express it as my opinion that the plea of econ-
omy at the expense of justice is not well made
out. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Samuel Peirce, of Cambridge, Massachusetts,
setting forth that he enlisted in 1814 as a drum-
mer, and asking for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of North Carolina, asking for the
imposition of a tariff duty on peannts; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor at
Duluth, on Lake Superior, in that State; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of William H. Goodspeed and others, citizens
of Connecticut, praying that the pay of Gen-
eral Robert Anderson be increased to that of
a major general; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition from
citizens of Oregon, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Lit-
tleton R. Edwards, of Southampton, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, asking an appropria-
tion of $8,000 for improving the navigation of
Holmes creek; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMILTON presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Baltimore, for the erec-
tion of a light-house at the entrance of York
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Baltimore, requesting Congress to
repeal so much of the act of 1799, chapter one
hundred and twenty-eight, section fifty, as sub-
jects vessels to condemnation for acts of their
officers, crews, or passengers which are beyond
the control of and unknown to their captains
or owners ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of citi-
zens of Louisiana, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
H. S. Stanger, John A. Stanger, John Rob-
erts, William B. Cunningham, Peter C. Hon-
aker, G. W. Brown, and Isaac M. Benham, of
Virginia, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of L.
T. Moore, A. W. Stark, M. A. Hope, P. Hen-
iiig, E. M. Tidball, J. G. Storer, D. M. Har-
ris, W. D. C. Covington, H. H. Peck, and
William Cheatham, of Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of A. C. Garlington, Atlanta, Georgia, and of
Madison F. Mitchell, Oconee county, South
Carolina, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
reports of committees.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 888) for the relief of Joseph Harmon,
reported it without amendment, and submit ted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the
relief of William A. Scott, late first lieutenant
company F, fourteenth regiment Illinois vol-
unteers, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 128) for the relief
of Mrs. Jane Northridge, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 124) for the relief
of John M. Broome and others, the band of
twelfth Kentucky infantry, to report it with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned, there being no evidence that these men
were ever mustered into the service.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask consent to take up
the bill (S. No. 627) for the relief of William
F. Scott, late adjutant of the fourth Iowa
volunteer cavalry. It will not take over five
minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us get through the
morning business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will give way.
Air. CHANDLER. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
