5426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
on appeal therefrom, conclusive evidence that-such
person did take part m and give aid and comfort to
the late rebellion, and did riot maintain true alle-
giance to or consistently adhere to the United States;
. ana on proof of such pardon and acceptance, "which
prooi may be heard summarily on motion or other-
wise. ^ the duty of the said Court of Claims
forthwith to dismiss the suit of such claimant.
Mr. NIBLACK. As I have already shown,
this proclamation of the President to which I
have referred was issued in December, 1863,
m pursuance of the act of July 7,1862, grant-
ing him express authority to issue such a proc-
lamation.
Now, if the proviso which has just been read
shall become law, and be literally construed
by the courts, it will sweep away every vestige
of right which any claimant who may have been
compromised in any way and under any cir-
cumstances during the war may have to re-
cover his property or rather to the proceeds of
it in the Court of Claims. It looks to me like
an attempt to do that which if consummated will
amount to a most remarkable breach of faith
on the part of the Government of the United
States.
Now, I have not in my special keeping, move
than others, the honor of this Government,
nor is it my duty specially to defend the war
policy of President Lincoln. But 1 do feel it
incumbent on me, when a matter of this sort is
presented to me as a member of this House,
to give it every careful consideration, to en-
deavor to construe it. strictly in reference to
what is right and honorable, not only to every
man's consciousness of right, but according to
what is proper and right by the laws of nations
and the laws of war.
This proclamation of President Lincoln was
issued in the interest of peace at the time when
the war was most flagrant, for the purpose of
building up another class in the South who
would assist him in his efforts to uphold the
cause of the Government and to strengthen the
hands of sueh original Union men as may have
been in that section from the commencement
of the war. Large numbers availed themselves
of the terms and pledges it extended to them.
It pledged the faith of the Government 111 the
most solemn form to certain things, among
which was a complete restoration ofail rights of
property except in slaves, and where the rights
of third persons had intervened. Every fair-
minded man must concede that these "rights of
property " included the right to recover the pro-
ceeds of such property belonging to claimants
as may liavebeensold by the Government, and
all rights of action concerning it.' A restora-
tion of the right of property necessarily restores
all rights incident to such property. All the
incidents of ownership are in the very nature
of things revived.
But this proviso of the Senate drives every-
body out of the Court of Claims who may at
any time and under any circumstances have
been subjected to disabilities resulting from the
war. It, as to certain property rights, annuls
and sets at naught the proclamation of Mr.
Lincoln, and indeed all presidential pardons.
It is to an exceptional and, in many respects,
a defenseless class of claimants an estoppel the
most severe, the most unrelenting, and the
most extraordinary of which I have any knowl-
edge. It does not present an issue to be tried
by the court or a jury in the usual way, but one
to be tried summarily 011 motion and without
regard to the real merits of the case. It allows
no mitigation and permits no explanation. It
is as inexorable as death itself.
We all know that very many persons applied
■for and accepted amnesty or pardon who had
committed no real offense against the Gov-
ernment. They were simply southern people
who had been surrounded and submerged by
the armies of the South and had fallen within
the jurisdiction, as was claimed, of the con-
federate government. Out of an abundance
of caution meiely, they either availed them-
selves of the proclamation of amnesty or sought
and obtained special pardon. Yet all such
persons as these will be cut off by this remark-
able proviso of the Senate. The very fact that
they have accepted amnesty or obtained a par-
don is taken as conclusive evidence of their
guilt.
It may be argued that Mr. Lincoln was too
lenient in the terms he prescribed in his proc-
clamation of amnesty. But that is not now a
question to be considered. Both the Consti-
tution and a law of Congress conferred on him
the power to issue- it. All the Departments
of the_ Government accepted it and have acted
upon it. The courts have given a construc*
tion to it. It binds us both in law and in honor
as to all matters to which it relates. It is
enough for us to know that honor and duty alike
require us to keep its terms inviolate with those
who accepted it in good faith.
Now, sir, it is the duty of the courts to con-
strue the laws and to define the rights of par-
ties under them. The Supreme Court of the
United States, the court of the last resort, has
decided that under the law persons who have
received amnesty or pardon may, through the
Court of Claims, recover back the proceeds of
their property when it has been sold under the
act of March 12, 18G3. The case may there-
fore be stated thus: under certain laws enacted
by Congress, which have been executed by the
President and construed by the highest judi-
cial tribunal in the Government, a class of
claimants who have received amnesty or par-
don are now entitled to receive back from the
Government the proceeds of their own prop-
erty, which has without their consent been
converted into money. They are entitled to
this relief, then, by the concurrent action of
the three several departments of this Govern-
ment.
If this, then, does not constitute a case of
plighted faith on the part of the United States
I would really like to know what will make
such a case. It is not the money of the Gov-
ernment these claimants are seeking to recover,
but simply a return of their own money. The
proceeds of this abandoned and captured prop-
erty do not in any event properly belong to the
Government when such property belonged to
private citizens. The claims of private ci tizens
could only have been divested by proceedings
for the confiscation of the property where the
treason of the owner is relied 011. No such
proceedings iiaving been taken as to the prop-
erty in question, it follows, of course, that the
property of the owner has never been divested.
The Government, therefore, holds a large share
of the proceeds of this captured and abandoned
property, not by any right of property, but only
by superior force.
Now, sir, it is proposed by this proviso of
the Senate to withdraw the plighted public
faith to these amnestied and pardoned claim-
ants, to drive them ruthlessly out of court, and
to deny to them the money realized from their
own property. Can we honorably do this?
To me it seems clearly not. I would as soon
think of violating a flag of truce, or of compel-
ling a soldier to violate his parol, or of solemnly
disregarding the terms on which an army had
surrendered. It is not altogether on account
of the amount of money that will b'e thus with-
held that I so feel, but because a great nation,
as we claim to be, cannot afford to do such an
unmanly act.
If this proviso shall become a law it will be
practical repudiation as to a class of our cred-
itors. We might, in my judgment, just as well
disregard any other obligation of the Govern-
ment in which a similar amount of money is
involved. This seems to me most strange
indeed, as coming from the men who claim to
be the peculiar guardians of the public faith
and who are so much accustomed to denounce
repudiation in all its forms. Sir, I will not
willingly be a party to any such proceeding,
and hence I declined to sign the report sub-
mitted by my colleagues on the conference
committee, and shall feel constrained to vote
against concurring .in the report.
To fail to meet our obligations for want of
ability brings no dishonor; but to go forward
in the plenitude of our power, with resources
so unbounded and with the smiles of Heaven
up on us, and to declare by a solemn act of
Congress that we withdraw our plighted faith,
seems to me most monstrous indeed.
As other gentlemen raay desire to be heard
on this question I will not longer detain the
House.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to yield to me for a
few moments.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I simply wish to
say to the House that the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom the amendments of the
Senate were in the first instance referred, were,
I believe, unanimous, with the exception of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] against
the proposition of the Senate now incorporated
in this report. When this proviso of the Sen-
ate was considered in the House I do not re-
member that there was a single dissenting
voice against, substituting the proposition of
the House committee, or in favor of that now
embodied in this report.
I desire to say further, that this provision
of the Senate is a most deliberate proposition
to ignore the solemn pledges of Congress and
of the President to the parties whom this
measure.will affect. Speaking from a merely
partisan point of view, if, as a Democrat, I
wanted to break down the Republican party
all over the country I would not want a stronger
case for presentation to the people than can
be made by laying before them the solemn
acts of Congress which it is here proposed to
reverse, the decision of the Supreme Court
which we are asked to ignore, and the Pres-
ident's proclamation, the faith of which is to
be grossly violated. I say that no party on
earth can stand before the people in attempt-
ing to defend such flagrant injustice. I want
the yeas and nays on this question ; and 1
wish to put on the record especially every
man sent here by a southern constituency, that
the people of the South may see how they are
represented.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, a conference
report must from the nature of the case involve
concessions 011 the part of each House. In
the multitude of matters submitted to such a
committee on a bill like the present neither
House can expect to have its own way entirely.
There must be mutual concessions. The ques-
tion necessarily presented by a report of this
kind is whether on the whole itjs best to adopt
it. This_ report is the best that could be
obtained in this committee of conference. I
freely confess that the amendment proposed in
the House at that time suited me better than
this of the Senate, and I contributed what 1
could to induce the House t.o accept it.
I am satisfied, however, Sir. Speaker, of two
things that we cannot obtain that amendment
111 the first place, and in the second place that
the amenament as it stands is no violation of
faith. The very act I have before me. which
provi&es for the deposit of the proceeds of this
cotton 111 the Treasuiy, after saying that any
person claiming to have been the owner, &a.,
may prefer his claim to the proceeds thereof
m the Court of Claims, and on proof to the
satisfaction of said court of his ownership of
the property and of his right to the proceeds
thereof, inc., as a question of fact, then goes
011 to say that he must also prove—and these
are the very words—that lie has never given
any aid or comfort to the recent rebellion.
As a question of fact that man, and no other
man who has given aid and comfort to the
rebellion, can go into the Court of Claims and
recover his property. The pardon of the Presi-
dent says that his rights shall be restored, but
the proclamation of pardon was issued after
tins act was passed.
In face of this act, therefore, his rights of
property must be in conformity to this statute,
namely, ho cannot go into the Court of Claims
