4482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
and to our excuse, because England, and not
Spain, happened to be tlie European Power
whose far less oppressive yoke was similarly
thrown off by our fathers?
That volunteer aid and support must come
from the citizens of those States to their
kindred people and cause in Cuba there can
be iiltle doubt. Spain will have to maintain
a much more effectual blockade of the coast
of the island than lias hitherto been done to
prevent New York-built gun-boats swarming
along that coast or to repel and capture and
send them to summary execution. Would
such a state of things be tolerated ? Can Spain
expect our Government to permit it? And
yet unless we take up the position of neutral-
ity by the recognition of belligerency there can
be no possible ground on which our Govern-
ment can refuse to allow gun-boats and other
ships of war to be fitted out from our ports for
that destination. Almost as reasonably might
we be asked to send our own Navy down t,o
those waters to support and aid that of Spain
in the work so repugnant to all our sympathies
and so detrimental to all our interests.
International law is not one of the secret
sciences. It has none of the rigidity of muni-
cipal law. It is wanting in the unequivocal
clearness of municipal law, civil or criminal.
It has a certain elasticity, not only in its rules,
but, according to the practice of ail nations, in '
their application. New cases at times arise,
and new situations to which no distinct prece-
dent can be exactly filled, with the growth of
nations, their varying circumstances and rela-
tions, and the progress of civilization. Common
sense is one of its elements; humanity is an-
other. The right of a State to defend its set-
tled public policy, and to insist, it it can, that
its neighbors shall not pursue a course seri-
ously annoying or detrimental to it, is another.
To look after the interests and rights of its cit-
izens (residentabroad) withinreasonablelimits,
of course is not less a duty than a right. All
nations act on these principles. It would be
weak folly on our part not to do so. All that
is essential is to act conscientiously in the
application of them.
_ Nor is it nearly so important to find a precise
diction of a Vattel or a Grotius, of a Wheaton
or a Lawrence, or a perfectly parallel prece-
dent in diplomatic history, as it is to be sure
of the grounds of fair and honest common
sense and justice on which our proposed stand
is taken. Clear in conscience on that point,
we can well afford to be indifferent to any jeal-
ous criticism^ of envious foreigners, however
they may affect to argue on small technical
points or pretended or distorted appearances.
The public opinion of the world and the ver-
dict of history will soon do justice all around.
We are emancipated from our old colonial
tliralldom to foreign criticism. We can at last
afford and dare to smile across the Atlantic at
Mrs. Grundy. In answer to those who think
we are restrained by our committals recorded
in their diplomatic disputes with England, in
reference to her recognition of belligerent 1 ights
to the so-called rebel confederate States, there
18 rpu r Para^e^sm between the two cases.
I he gravamen of tho charge advanced against
England (and none has ever been advanced
against all the other Powers, even the most
friendly, which soon after made the same rec-
ognition) was what our Government regarded
as the needless precipitancy of the act, a few
days m advance of Mr. Adams's expected ar-
rival in London, coupled with the hostile sym-
pathies which prompted it. But the Cuban
insurrection, which rapidly developed into a
war of respectable proportions when viewed in
relation to the size of the island which was
i:s theater, has now lasted nearly, two years.
Every proof, too, has been practically given
by our Government of an animus on the side
ot Spain. This has been evinced in the active
vigilance applied to frustrate the expeditions
« have been attempted by the Cubans in
ice United States. I need not revert to the
numerous other features of difference between
thetwo cases, which have been sufficiently indi-
cated above. No parallelism can be seriously
pretended between the two cases, nor need the
slightest embarrassment attach to our actions
on this ground.
It is contended in some quarters that the
action I recommend in this case would involve
the country in a war with Spain, and that in
this she would bo aided by certain European
nations. Let us take a glance at the value of
this objection. I am quite willing to admit
that such an opposition would be enlitled to
consideration at our hands. We do not want
a foreign war, even with so weak a nation as
Spain, much less with her and such allies as it
is alleged she would have in a war with this
country. Let us see the attitude of matters in
Europe at this time, and whether either of the
Governments referred to as likely to sympa-
thize with Spain is in a condition to liave a war
with the United States.
The nations named as likely to favor Spain
are England, France, and Austria. As to
Spain herselt I haveshown that she could have
no just cause of complaint; and that even if she
should resort to hostilities it would give us lit-
tle cause for concern or little difficulty in end-
ing it in a very short and summary manner.
As to England, she would doubtless rejoice in
any event that would give us trouble, as she
would deplore any additions to our dominion
ami power in America. She would probably
go further, and encourage by secret diplomatic
encouragement, Spain in resisting us. As
is m keeping with her policy, she would en-
deavor to excite other nations into war with
each other provided her own commerce and
industry were not injuriously affected thereby.
Thus far she doubtless would go, but no fur-
ther. Her government is in the hands of those
who owe a continuance of power altogether
to the popular voice of England, as represented
by the House of Commons. This source of
authority it cannot afford to offend, as it would
do at this time by aiding a nation like Spain
m a war with a nation like that of the United
States. The popular impulses of England are
against the Latin race, against African slavery,
against the blood-thirsty Spaniards with whom
she has little or no commerce and no friend-
ships, and against the peculiar despotism which
seeks to hold a distant people in bondage for
no other purpose than oppression and plunder.
On theother hand; the people ot England have
a large commerce with the United States. We
are a good and a paying customer. Wo supply
their principal manufacturing districts with the
raw material used, and, more than all, we
would be an enemy which all England, not-
withstanding her conceded resources, would
fand it difficult to cope with. If these consid-
erations would not deter England, there is a
greater one, and that is she is not prepared to
lightanybodyjustat this time. Her taxation is
already so large as not to be capable of expan-
sion ; her people will not bear it. Her domes-
tic difficulties absorb all the thoughts of her
statesmen and wise men, and her soldiers and
ships of war are fully employed already in pro-
tec ling the peace of the kingdom nearer home
and the interests of her commerce in distant
And if all these considerations avail not. the
fact that the people of Ireland and the Irish-
Americans here (who of themselves would con-
stitute au invincible American army) would
be only too willing to volunteer for a war of
extermination against England would be suffi-
cient to make her hesitate some time before em-
barking in such a war, with such an opposition,
at this tune, under these circumstances, and
or such a purpose. France also would doubt-
less like to see this Government humbled. I„.
deed, already Napoleon has encouraged Spain
to hold on to Cuba at all hazards. There is
reason to believe that at the interview between
the emperor and Prim last summer the latter
receivec. implied assurances of sympathy in
case a difficulty arose with this country and
Spain growing out of the Cuban question. I
was in Paris at the time, and such was the
opinion in well-informed quarters. Therefore
I am prepared to believe that so far as Napo-
leon himself is concerned there is some found-
ation for apprehension in that direction. But
fortunately that monarch no longer arbitrarily
governs France. He cannot, as of old, do as
he pleases. Hia own will has ceased to be
potential. It is now subordinated to other
powers, and these are the people of France, as
represented in the Chambers.
The influence of our institutions and exam-
ple have penetrated even France ; they arc felt
and acknowledged and made practically oper-
ative in the present liberal tendencies of her
people. The emperor has had the good sense
to see and appreciate this. Indeed, it may be
well said that he had not the power to resist
it. Without the power to prevent, he has had
the tact to conform and yield to it. He cannot
make war any longer at pleasure. He cannot
make war at all unless the judgment of his
people indorse, the ministers consent, and the
chambers sustain it. In this ease, neither of
these requisites could be obtained. The popu-
lar prejudices, as well as the dollar and cent
necessities of France, could notconsent. Paris,
which to a great extent governs all France,
could not well dispense with her trade with
Americans. I doubt whether there are not
shop-keepers, hotel-keepers, and tradesmen of
Paris interested in retaining their American
customers, whose influence combined is suffi-
cient to preserve the peaceof thetwo countries.
But, if these reasons have no force, what
reliance can be placed upon the friendship
of Napoleon, admitting it has been pledged?
He pledged it to Maximilian, who attempted,
under his patronage, to establish an empire in
Mexico. He pledged it to the southern con-
federacy. He pledged it to Austria, which he
encouraged to fight lJrussia; and he has pledged
it to many a man and interest in France, ail of
whom have discovered too late that his pledges
are worthless when his necessities stand in the
way of their fulfillment.
And finally, as to Austria, I apprehend alone
and by herself she can be of no service to Spain
or any other nation under existing circum-
stances. Bankrupt in treasury, without a navy,
her army demoralized and almost destroyed
in the late disastrous conflict with North Ger-
many, she is in no condition to help anybody,
much less Spain, with which she has no inter-
ests, connections, nor sympathy. She could
not have a motive to enter into this contest;
and certainly would notdoso unless other con-
tinental Powers cooperated.
_ Therefore, if war ensues, which is doubtful,
it would be confined to the United States and
^>ain,and in this we would be in the right.
Hostilities would commence on the part" of
Spam without justification. Of the result it
is not worth while to speak. We have scarcely
a State in the Union which could not of itself
defeat her in such a conflict; she would be
whipped before she could get a respectable
navy and army across the Atlantic ; and her
authority everywhere oa this continent would
cease at once and forever.
To recapitulate and summarize, then, I say
that 1 find abundant justification, and more
t lan justification to our Government in con-
ceding to the patriot cause in Cuba the recog-
nition or belligerency, in the following consid-
erations, which combine to bear upon the
i 3ue^l°n : 'n length of time through which
I ue Cubans have already maintained their gal-
! tant contest; m the large surface of the island
I lom which they have been able to exnel the
| ^pamsh authority ; in the respectability' of the
,j forces Witt! which they have been able to con-
II ne the Spanish troops to virtual inaction
i, within a few strong sea-port fortified places;
j) in the reasonable prospect of success presented
| y sucli a state of things ; in the regular form
ii ot constitutional government which they have
