3588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
. Can it be believed, sir, that there is now a
serious attempt on the part of the officers of
the Navy to increase this list of high officers,
and consequently increase the amount de-
manded for pay and emoluments? Yet such
is the fact, and it is gravely proposed now i
to set aside out of this list a certain number
of these high officers, so that the places thus ,
vacated by them may be filled by others in the
grades below, the promotions not being suffi-
ciently rapid to satisfy the ambition of the gal-
lant gentlemen who constitute the line of the
Navy. For one I am against this increase of
rauk and increase of expense. It is not de-
manded by the interests of the service, nor
can I see that it can properly be claimed as an
additional reward for services performed. On
the other hand, sir, my belief is very strong,
my convictions very clear, that in these higher
grades we should restrict the promotions and
provide at once for a reduction in the different
grades, without, of course, dismissing these
older servants from the places which they have
won by promotion and length of service.
UNPOPULARITY OP THE NAVY.
My friend from Maine has alluded to the fact
of iutestiue divisions within the Navy itself.
Mr. Chairman, I am sorry to admit that his
remark is too well founded. Upon the merits
of that controversy I do not propose to enter
to-day; but I may well ask him to unite with
myself in rejoicing that it is in the Navy alone
where such dissensions exist. I am glad, sir,
they do not exist in the other military branch
of the service of the United States. On some
other opportunity I may take occasion to allude
to the causes of this difference, but I pass from
that subject now to that immediately before
the committee.
My friend from Maine has spoken of the hard
fortuue which the Navy seems to have met at
the hands of former generations and the hard
blows it is constantly receiving now in time of
peace from various quarters, including the press
of the country. I acknowledge the fact as much
as I regret it. Is it proper for us in this dis-
cussion to seek for its causes ? I would be glad
to see more sympathy between the people and
the Navy, but I fear it cannot be brought about
until the Navy itself shall get rid of what is
sometimes called the esprit de corps, but which
might better be denominated the exclusiveness
and clanship of rank. Does this House know
that during the session of the present Congress
officers of the Navy have been brought liere
under orders in scores to lobby against a cer-
tain bill pending in one of the committees? For
what purpose? To strengthen this spirit of
rank exclusiveness, and'to insure the prestige
of that class of officers who have within the last
twelve months spent more than $21,000,000
upon what they say is a worthless Navy. Does
it know that gentlemen who dared to come
here to represent the opposite principle have
by the exercise of pure authority been exiled
to places where there was neither duty to be
performed nor comforts to be enjoyed, and
all this at the public expense and all to keep
up and maintain and perpetuate a wretched
exclusiveness that does not exist In any other
military organisation on the face of.the earth.
Yes, sir ; there is not a military organization
even among the monarchical civilized, coun-
tries of Europe that is not less exclusive, less
aristocratical than this American Navy of ours
in its organization. How, can. it, then come
near the hearts of the people in time of peace?
How can it become then the recipient of that
popular favor which the gentleman from Maine
would seem to invoke for it, and which no man
would be more glad to sfie than myself? Al-
ready it has lost that impression of the volun-
teer spirit which was the fruit of the war. which
liberalized both branches of our military service.
Mr. Chairman, whenever we are seeking vast
expenditures of money in a given direction,
and especially when we desire to foster the
spirit of enterprise, if I may so call it, in the
Army or in the Navy, we commence by be-
littling our own military organizations and
exalting those of other nations. We first raise
the cry of impending war, and then turning to
see what we are to do with this imaginary diffi-
culty, we find that we are called upon instantly
or prospectively to appropriate vast sums of
money to place the Army or Navy in warlike
posture. My friend from Maine, captivated or
captured by the lofty ideas of naval power
advanced by the Secretary of the Navy in his
last annual report, has proved that he i3 no
stranger to the influences which surround this
question of peace or war. In an elaborate
speech the ideas of which seem to run parallel
with those of the Secretary of the Navy, as
enunciated in that report, and with statistics
and figures which may be found extensively in
that document, he has consumed a consider-
able portion of his time in exalting before the
House and the country the vast proportions
and power of European navies, and by contrast
the weakness and inefficiency of our own.
He has told us of the great power of the
naval armament of the mother country which,
under the flag that for a thousand years has
braved the battle and the breeze, now claims
to be mistress of the ocean. He has spoken
of the French, the Prussian, and other Euro-
pean navies, and in contrast with them has
repeated the idea of the Secretary in intimat-
ing that in cage of convulsion or war we should
be powerless before the advancing power of
any of the first-class navies of Europe. Bat
he has not spread before us the cost of these
magnificent armaments, even if he paused to
count it.
The estimate of expenses for the English
navy made March, 1870, was £9,996,641, equal-
ing $48,988,205. This very statement will
show the nselessness, not to say absnrdity, of
attempting to rival the British navy in its size,
power, or its armament. It needs nothing but
the bare/statement of the expense to deter the
American people from any attempt at rivalry
in time of peace with thegr6at European naval
Powers. ...
Now, Mr. Chairman, so far as I am con-
cerned, once for all, I desire to place myself
right upon this question. I recognize the prin-
ciple upon which our Government was founded
and the policy which we have pursued since its
foundation : that we are neither to have a large
Army nor a large Navy in time of peace. I care
not, sir, upon what pretense it is put, whether
it be upon the protection of our commerce,
which even the gentleman himself will admit
does not exist, or whether it be upon the ground
of self-defense, I say that the necessities of
the country in time of peace do not demand it,
never have demanded it, the people never have
submitted to it, and that no contingency can
arise in the future ,which will justify the vast
outlays the gentleman's remarks seem to indi-
cate for naval purposes in time of .peace. That
we should have such ships, of such -strength,
armament, and numbers that their presence
shall cause us as a nation to be respected
wherever our flag maybe carried above their
decks, I do not pretend to deny; but I do deny
sir, now and here, that with the Navy which we
-now have, small as it is, inadequate as it is said
to be for the purposes of a Navy, our flag
has ever been insulted in any instance when
reparation or apology has not been enforced by
the power which is already at our command.
Sir, if there be any object in magnifying at
this time the naval power of the European
nations it must be for-the very purpose of car-
rying out the enterprising, not to say extrava-
gant ideas Which now prevail among the lead-
ing officers of the. Navy of the United States.
No man who has observed the course of events
can be ignorant of what those gentlemen pro-
pose to ao ; of how they propose to extend our
borders by the expansion of territory—the ac-
quisition of San' Domingo and Cuba aud the
Sandwich.Islands; bow they propose to pene-
trate the Isthmus of Darien for the purpose of
building an interoceanie canal, and how they
have dug up from the recesses of an old appro-
priation some forty or sixty thousand dollars
which they are now expending in that purpose,
asserting at the same time that we need more
appropriations for refitting our vessels and for
work at our navy-yards.
Sir, we have just emerged, as it were, from a
period of war; and unquestionably there arc
many who won their laurels on the Mississippi
or at Fort Fisher who are quite impatient of a
time of peace, and seek to extend their power
and their influence, through the organization of
theNavy, into uewfields whereaggression might
possibly lead to hostilities. In that view per-
haps we might be in danger of a war. which
would require an increase of naval power; but
taking things as they exist to-day, and regu-
lated as they are by a sound public opinion, I
assert, sir, that there is no such danger of war,
there are no such impending signs of hostili-
ties as will authorize the expenditure of a dol-
lar of extra money for naval purposes.
Why, sir, if the gentleman's argument means
anything it means that because Great Britain
has more than six hundred ships, because
France has more than five hundred, the Amer-
ican Navy should be placed on a footing of
power sufficient to cope with them in a struggle
for the conquest of the seas. Sir, the people
of this country never have aud never will seek
to have in time of peace, as I have said before,
a large naval power. They will not seek to
compete with the great Powers of Europe in
naval power.
And so it is, sir, because we are in danger
of war with England or some other foreigu
Power, that we are to build up a great Navy at
an expense of many millions of dollars which
should go into the Treasury to pay the public
debt, or which should be taken from the bur-
dens of taxation that now oppress the people.
War with England, sir! Why England to-
day stands upon her good behavior toward
the United States and toward all the world,
bound to it by a commerce which whitens
every sea, and which in less than six months
from the time war should be declared would
be swept from those very seas by the voluu-
teer navy of the United States. War with
England, sir! We stand to-day upon our
good behavior toward England by reason of
the mighty debt imposed upon us in the civil
war of the rebellion, and which is now taxing
all the patience, the industries, the patriotism,
and the good feeling of the American people.
War with England, sir 1 She is bound to her
good behavior by the fact that in thirty days
from the declaration of war Canada would be
ours, and the territory which she is now proud
to claim her own would rest securely under
the broad aegis of the American flag. We shall
have no war with England, or if we do it will
not be a war such as the gentleman has alluded
to, of squadron against squadron upon the
high seas, but a war in which by letters of
inarque and reprisal we shall sweep her com-
merce from the hundred seas on which it now
floats, and take our northern neighbors in
pledge as security for the future.
Let us not, then, Mr. Chairman, be seduced
into voting large appropriations for the Navy
of the United States beyond that which is neces-
sary to keep afloat vessels sufficient to carry
our flag with honor and respectability into such
parts of the world as it is drawn by the interests
of our Government or the commerce of the
United States.
OUR MONITORS.
It is with no small surprise and regret that I
have learned from the late reports of the Navy
Department, and the statements of the hon-
: orable chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, that our naval vessels are utterly
[ worthless, and the laughter, of all the great
i naval Powers of the world. I certainly had
! arrived at very different conclusions from read-
; ing the reports of the naval operations at the
j capture of Fort Fisher, where our gallant Navy
1 delivered its last tremendous blow to the stag-
