1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
Mr. POMEROY. I have a bill to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas insists on the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 558) to incorporate the National Boliv-
ian Navigation Compauy, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 575) to provide
for an American line of mail and immigrant
passenger steamships between New York and
Copenhagen and other Scandinavian and Ger-
man ports, reported in favor of its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 451) relative to
pilotage, reported in favor of its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Alfred
E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New York,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide for sur-
vey and estimates of cost of removing obstruc-
tions from the Bayou Teche, in the State of
Louisiana, reported it with an amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Brigadier General
James H.Carlton, praying remuneration to his chil-
dren for property destroyed by order of the United
States officers at Albuquerque, New Mexico, be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, it was
Ordered, That the papers and petition in the case
of J. IS. Reeside be withdrawn from the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 613) to regulate the foreign and coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to beprinted.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 614) to enable the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Compauy to extend a
branch of their road to the Arkansas river;
which was read twic& by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 615) to amend an act entitled "An act to
define more clearly the jurisdiction and powers
of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes," approved June
1, 1866; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 616) to repeal certain acts passed by the
territorial Legislature of Wyoming; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. At the same time I beg to
present, for the purpose of having them printed,
three short acts of the Territory of Wyoming,
which are connected with the subject-matter
of the bill just introduced by me; and I move
that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the morning
business is over. If so, I move 
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
in order. If there are none the Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of bill No. 387.
It is the bill to change the judicial circuits.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 387) to change the
judicial circuits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is read
I will say that there are one or two typograph-
ical errors in the printing of it. In section
two, line five, the word "reside" should be
'' preside*''
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The "s" in line five
of section one in the word " districts," in the
phrase "districts of New York," should not
be stricken out. There are several districts in
New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
The bill was read. It provides that the dis-
tricts of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecti-
cut shall constitute the first circuit; the dis-
tricts of New York and New Jersey, the sec-
ond circuit; the districts of Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, and "Virginia, the third
circuit; the districts of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and Ten-
nessee, the fourth circuit; the districts of Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, the
fifth circuit; the districts of Ohio, Michigan,
Kentucky, and West Virginia, the sixth cir-
cuit; the districts of Illinois, Indiana, and
Wisconsin, the seventh circuit; the districts
of Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, and
Missouri, the eighth circuit: and the districts
of California, Oregon, and Nevada, the ninth
circuit.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was in line five, to strike
out the words "and New Jersey," so as to
read " the districts of New York shall consti-
tute the second circuit."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the sixth line the word " New Jersey,"
so as toinclade New Jersey in the third circuit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight, to
strike out the words " the districts of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, and Tennessee shall constitute the
fourth circuit; the districts of Mississippi,
Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas shall consti-
tute the fifth circuit;" and in lieu thereof to
insert, "the districts of Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, and Arkansas shall constitute the
fourth circuit; the districts of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
and Tennessee shall constitute the fifth cir-
cuit."
i The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an
additional section, the following:
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted, That the justices
of the Supreme Court of the United States shall be
residents of their respective circuits, and vacancies
now or hereafter existing in said court shall, in
every, case, be filled by a resident of the circuit:
Provided, That the Chief J ustice may preside in any
circuit to which he maybe allotted without a change
of residence.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend this amend-
ment by striking out in the second line the
words "be resident of," and insert instead
j thereof " reside in;" and also by striking out
all after the word "circuits" in the third line
to the word "circuit" intliefifthlineinclusive.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as it will read if
amended, as proposed by the Senator from
I West Virginia.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, if so
amended, will then read:
And be it further enacted. That the justices of the
Supreme Court of the United Si.at"s shall resido in
their respective circuits: Provided, That the Chief
Justice may preside in any circuit to which he may
be allotted without a change of residence.
Mr. WILLEY. I move this amendment
more for the purpose of getting the view of
the Judiciary Committee perhaps than for any
other consideration. It strikes me that there
may be some reasons, however, for the amend-
ment. What I propose to do by my amend-
ment is to allow the President "to make his
nominations from the country at large, and yet
require a judge when he has been appointed to
reside in the circuit to which he may be allotted;
and the reasons which influence me to make
this proposition, and upon which I desire to
ask the attention of the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, are, in the first place, that I
suppose it will hardly be denied that an ap-
pointment to the supreme bench of the United
States is a matter worthy of the most deliber-
ate consideration. There can be no officer of
the Government more important to the interest
of the Government and to the peace and safety
and welfare of society. Very much of the
public welfare will depend npon the character
of our judiciary, both in a moral point of view
and in point of qualifications for the duties of
the office. And it has struck me that in a
matter so important the President of the Uni-
ted States, in making his nominations, ought to
be allowed to select the nominee from any place
in all the country. There can be no question
of the importance of this proposition ; and if
it shall ever occur, as it probably may occur,
that the President could make a better nom-
ination, could find an individual better qualified
to discharge the functions of that high place
than he would find in any particular circuit, it
seems to me that he ought to be allowed to do
so; that the general interests of the whole
nation are paramount to the sentiments and
feelings of a mere local circuit, embracing only
two or three States.
It strikes me that there may arise occasions
when it would be very difficult to find in any
given circuit an individual with all the qualifi-
cations necessary to justify his nomination and
appointment on the bench from that circuit. I
need only refer to the existing condition of
things. We may want; a man on the bench,
for instance, whose loyalty to the Government
is unquestionable; we may want a judge on the
bench whose qualifications for the high duties
he has to perform are unquestioned. Well,
sir, may it not be so that there are circuits in
the South, in which the rebellion recently ex-
isted, where the President might have great
difficulty in finding a person who possessed
those high qualifications and who would fill this
position in all senses of the word with propri-
ety, with safety to the country, and the best
interests of the nation at large? I think that
we may well pause and reflect apon this propo-
sition. It strikes me that there may be circuits
in the South to-day where it would be difficult
to find such a man; and in the exigencies of
the country at this time, regarding the neces-
sity of strict care and the judicious exercise of
the appointing power, looking to the results
that may accrue from our action, it seems to
me that the President ought to be allowed to
make his selection from the nation at large, to
find the man who, all things being considered,
would be best qualified for that position and
command the confidence of the country. _
I sympathize sincerely with the sentiment
of our southern friends, and would say, if
such a supposition were at all allowable, that
if I were the President of the United Slates I
would, having just reference to the interest of
the nation at large, and I could find within the
circuits of the South a gentleman who would
fill the position with a reasonable degree of
ability and propriety, select him in preference
to any person outside of those circuits. Bur,
sir, the President of the United States is the
representative of the nation at !argr>. The
responsibility of doing what is best in any given
