1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3539
gering rebellion, and particularly from this em-
phatic sentence, italicized by the distinguished
officer who commanded on that occasion, "the
largest fleet that we haveeverhad assembted."
Let us indalge for a few moments in the
vigorous and refreshing language of the dis-
tinguished Vice Admiral, as he gives it to ns in
his report, off Fort Fisher, January 15, 1865,
and as we find it in the message and documents,
Nhtv Department, 1865-66, page 190. Heat-
how he talks about our worthless Navy;
"A? to the Monadnock, she eon Id rido out a gale
at anchor in the Atlantic ooean." * * * *
" The Monadnock is capable of orossing the ocean
alone, when ner compasses are once adjusted prop-
r-lv. nnil could destroy any vessel in the French or
Urittsh navy, lay their towns under contribution,
a;ul icturn agaiu, provided she could piokup coal,
without tear <>f being followed. She could certainly
cfe:ir any harbor on our coast of blockaders in case
wc wero ;:t war with a f oreign Power. As strong and
thick as 11:9 sides of tbbs vessel are, one heavy shot
from Foit Fisher indented the iron on hef side armor,
without, however,doing any material damage. These
vessels tspeaking of the monitors) have laid live
days under a tire from Fort Fisher, anchored less
than eight hundred yards off, and though fired at a
preat deal they were seldom hit, and received no
injury escept to boats and lia^t matter about decks,
which were pretty well cut 15 pieces." ,
*$*******# #
"The commanders of tho monitors seem to feel
quite at home and safe in them, and apprehend no
more danger at sea than in any other kind of vessel.
Couiuiander Parrott, of the Alonadnock, remarked
that he did not see any difference between her and
anything else."
The Monadnock and the monitors are still
oars, i commend that fact to the considera-
tion of all nervous gentlemen in fear of foreign
navies.
THE MONARCH.
We hear a good deal of talk now-a-days in
relation to the building of ships which shall be
impenetrable to any warlike missile,and clothed
with armor which shall protect them from all
assaults. Some of us had the fortune a short
time since to be on board one of these mov-
ing war palaces belonging to her Britannic ma-
jesty, and to examine her splendid proportions,
her perfect workmanship, and her formidable
armor; and now, sir, what do you suppose to
be the opinio.u of the most distinguished of our
naval officers as to her impenetrability, of her
power to withstand the heavy shot to which
she might be exposed in endeavoring to enter
one of our fortified harbors ? I put the question
to one such gentleman, " What would be the
effect of a fifteen-inch round shot upon the sides
of the Monarch at point-blank range?" And
the answer was, "It would go through her as
though she were rotten wood." That vessel,
costing in British navy-yards and in gold £400,-
000, and which would probably cost in this coun-
try to build her two or three million dollars,
would not stand a minute before those formi-
dable works which the War Department, under
the superintendence of a distinguished general,
is now erecting as a defense for our principal
harbors. One of those despised iron- clads,
scarred as they are with rebel shots received at
Charleston and elsewhere, which now lie around
League Island, would bea thousand times more
formidable and more effective, eitherforassault
or defense, in any harbor in the world, than
the noble vessel of which I have spoken.
And yet, when we come to look at the cost
of these noble vessels, so far as it has been
ascertained, it will strike the American peo-
ple with sarprise that upon a single vessel
Great Britain is willing to expend such vast
sums of money, while it will serve as a warn-
ing to us how cautiously we should enter upon
any scheme such as is recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy for building ten ships of
similar structure and power. The cost of the
hull and engines alone of the Monarch, as put
down in the Statesmen* Year Book for 1870,
is £336,000 sterling, and equal in amount to
$1,680,000, and this at gold.prices in England.
DEFENSES AND FORTIFICATIONS.
Intimately connected with this question of
appropriations for the support of the Navy as
we find it is the question of our coast defenses.
I am satisfied that the opinion is rapidly obtain-
ing ground, and that it rests upon a just found-
ation, that we can hereafter to a great extent
rely upon our land fortifications for the defense
of our sea-coasts and harbors. I find in the
last annual report of the General of the Army
: that the board of engineers in New York has
laid down five general propositions in regard
to the modifications of the sea- coast forts, which
are heartily approved by that distinguished
officer, and which are thus stated:
"First. The use of barbett# batteries of earth, frith
, deep parapet and a liberal number of bomb-proof
and magazine traverses.
" Seeond. The use of the heaviest guns, with car-
riages admitting of the gun bein* depressed below
| the parapet for loading.
! Ihird. An abundant supply of heavy mortars.
i Fourth. The use of torpedoes.
1 " Fifth. Entanglements to hold a fleet long enough
, for destruction." '
1 call attention to the comments of the Gen-
eral, of the Army upon these propositions, as
found in his report:
"Taking new 'Fort Winthrop' harbor as a sample,
I am satisfied that these propositions fulfill all the
conditions of the problem. No foreign army will be
likelyto attempt a landing on ourcoast. and ftll that
a foreign fleet can attempt will be to run by the forts
and lay the cities under contribution. On firm land
we oanthaodlo guns of heavier oaliber And with more
accuracy of aim than auy enemy can his afloat; and
in my judgment no armored ship, as yet built, can
long exist within the range of our twenty-inch guns,
or even of the fifteen-inch guns, if successfully
handled. I therefore recommend that the forts
covering'the cities of Portland, Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans, and San
Francisco should be pushed to completion as soon as
practicable. All other points might be neglected
for the present."
In accordance with these sentiments are the
observations which I have recently heard made
by experienced officers both in the Army and
the Navy. In conversation a short time since
with the able and distinguished officer who has
charge'of the fortifications along the New Eng-
land coast, he expressed with great confidence
the opinion that our towns anj cities upon the
coast could be rendered unapproachable by
any navy now in existence, through the perfec-
tion, of our fortifications and the heavy arma-
ment to which allusion has been made in the
report of General Sherman. It is admitted by
high authority in the Navy that a fifteen-inch
shot would penetrate the side of the heavy-
armored vessel, the Monarch, which a short
time since was floating in our waters, a wonder
both in structure and in cost alike to ottr citi-
zens and to our Army and Navy. These facts,
sir,, admonish us that we ought not to. spend
in the construction of vessels, hastily and with-
out care and caution, vast sums of money under
the supposition or pretense of necessary coast
defense, more especially when we have so many
iron-clads capable of being placed in imme-
diate use.
COAL.
We have heard much during the present
session of Congress of the contemplated redac-
tion of expenditures, by the abolition of the
use of coal and the partial or entire destruction
of our steam marine, in connection with the
Navy of the United States. Fine calculations
have been entered upon, bpth in Congress and
in the public press, based upon an item in the
report of the Secretary of the. Navy, which
asserted the saving in expense , in this item
alone as probably reaching the enormous sum
of $2,000,001. This assumption has been so
completely exploded, both by opponents and
the explanation of friends, that it is hardly
worth while to recur to it here, and I do so
only to call attention to the fact that while the
actual amount of coal consumed is less than
$500,000 per annum, and that all the rest of
the saving is based upon a loose estimate of
expenditure, wear and tear of engines, &c.,
no one has chosen to calculate or even to allude
to the increased expense which will accrne
from this change from steam to sailing.vessels,
From what will such increased _ expense
arise? principally, sir, from the increase^
complement of men that will be demanded
when this change is made. It will be apparent
to all, however little they may be conversant
with affairs of the sea, that when the engines
shall have been torn from the ship and their
places supplied with sailing-rig, with masts and
yards and spars, the demand for men to man
the vessels must be very largely increased.
We have a proof and exemplification of this
in the fact that the Secretary of the Navy now
asks for three thousaud men in addition to the
eighty-five handred now allowed by law. Let
us estimate this increased expense which will
be required annually to supply this enormouu
saving on coal.
The Department calls for three thousand addi-
tional men. The best estimates which I can get
of the expense which this increase would call for
amounts to $1 50 per day at least, per man, in
round numbers, though probably it exceeds
that sum. At this rate the increase would
involve annually an expense of over one mil-
lion six hundred thousand dollars. I can
hardly see economy in this.
In the book of Naval Regulations, issued
in 1865, sections three hundred and eighty-six
and three hundred and eighty-seven direct that
steam vessels of the Navy shall be navigated
under sail, and that steam shall be used and
coal consumed only under extraordinary cir-
cumstances, of which the commanding officer
shall promptly inform the Department. And
in the subsequent circulars, Nos. 1 and 2, pub-
lished in 1866 and 1867, the following positive
lauguage is employed:
"Steam will only be used in entering or leaving
port when the vessel cannot be managed under sails
alone, and underother circumstances where an urgent
necessity may exist, whioh renders it necessary for
the performance of the service, if a specified time
for its performance has been directed by proper
authority."
And again:
" Whenever steam is psed the commanding officer
of the vessel must en&r in the steam log-book, in
red ink with his own signature, the reasons why he
ordered it, and he will be held to a strict account-
ability for the sufficiency of his reasons. In no case
will he use steam without a necessity so strong that
the publie interests would obviously be materialy
injured by not using it."
If, then, the commanding officers of naval
vessels have been in the habit of burning coal
extravagantly, and using up the furnaces and
machinery of their vessels by unnecessary
steaming, why have they not been held to ac-
count for their disregard of these regulations ?
A short calculation will enable us to estimate
the probable expense of coal for the Navy, if
the regulations concerning its use be complied
with.
We shall probably have in actual service
during the present year thirty steam vessels
of all classes, several of which, the Franklin,
Colorado, Lancaster, &e., are full ships en-
tirely independent of their steam power. Now,
if seven hundred and fifty tons of coal per
annum be allowed to each of these vessels for
necessary steamipg, we shall have a.consump-
tion of about twenty-two thousand five hundred
tons, at a cost of about two hundred thousand
dollars, or let us say $250,000 per annum.
The principal advantage to be derived from
the employment of sailing vessels is the oppor-
tunity afforded to the officers of the Navy of
acquiring a practical knowledge of seaman-
ship, in which, by the testimony of the older
commanding officers, the young graduates of
the Naval School are notably deficient; and
it appears that the last Secretary of the Navy,
soon after the termination of the werf direoted
that a sailing vessel should be attached to each
squadron, to which the younger officers should
be transferred from time, to .time, that they
might be familiarized with all the; details of
the management of ships under sail*
I have but one desire in the discharge of my,
official duties^s connected with the,Navy, anfl
that is to render it respectable, pow$rful,aud
efficient. I use theseterms in their American,
and notin their, British setose. I do,not speak
of a British navy or of a. French navy, | apeak-
of an American Navy such as it has been to
our fathers, and such as it .should ba.to us in
time of peace. I have thf. strongest desire to
