1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ease rests upon him in making the nomination;
and if we proceed to limit the exercise of that
jast discretion and prevent him from doing
what he might otherwise believe would best \
promote the interests and security of the nation, !
although we may not in letter infringe upon
his constitutional rights, we certainly shall
infringe upon the spirit of the Constitution,
which has given him the power of nomination,
and, by and with the consent of the Senate, of
making this appointment.
I know it has been said that the matter of
sectionalism ought to be considered here. I
know it has been said that when appointments
are made outside of the circuits it fosters a
spirit of sectionalism. But it seems to me
that a philosophical examination of that ques-
tion would lead us to a directly contrary con-
clusion. Sir, these close corporations are
always selfish, are always sectional; and when
a man is selected from any circuit, North or
South, that individual will be more likely to
be influenced by the local considerations which
surround him than would a man taken from
an adjoining or distant circuit and sent into
that particular circuit. j
The independence of the judiciary is another
matter of high import. No man can absolve him- j
self from the influences of local social relations. ;
There is no man ra^ed and born in a circuit but ]
who will be more or less likely to be influenced
by those associations, by his business connec-
tions, by local prejudices, by the prejudice of !
his local education: and it seems to me if there
were a law requiring the judge in any circuit ,
to be appointed from another circuit all through |
the Union, it would have a tendency to unsec- :
tionalizo our judiciary, and instead of promot- j
ing and fostering a spirit of sectionalism, would :
be one of the best expedients to dissipate it j
and to destroy it. And a judge go appointed !
as to be free of any of these influences and local
considerations that must surround him where
he has been born and lived, would feel himself
more independent, and when upon the bench
could decide with less of the influence of these
local considerations upon all questions which
might come before him from any given circuit
or locality.
These are the suggestions that occur to my
mind, hastily mentioned, and I throw them out
specially to hear from the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, who, of course has con-
sidered this matter more maturely, whether
after all it would be best to limit the President
in the exercise of his appointing po\ver to the
appointment of a resident in any given circuit.
Mr. DAVIS and Mr. TRUMBULL rose;
and Mr. Davis was recognized.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable chairman
wishes to say anything I -will yield to hira with
pleasure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir} I will wait.
Mr. DAVIS. I intend to make b«t one or
two remarks upon the proposition under con-
sideration. I believe myself that the Presi-
dent has the constitutional right to make his
nominations from any part of the United States
to the bench of the Supreme Court, and I do
pot believe that Congress has any power to
restrict that right. I am free to admit that I
am wanting in confidence in the appointing
power in both of its branches, because I am
satisfied that the paramount object of both
branches of the appointing power in this re-
spect would be rather fealty to party than j
fidelity to the Constitution; that it would be
rather a willingness and a fitness to subserve
party ends and to promote party objects than
to promote the good of the country, a proper
interpretation of the Constitution and the laws,
and the good of the people of the United
States.
But, sir, notwithstanding my utter distrust of
the integrity of the appointing power in relation
to the highest duty which that power has to
perform, to wit, a proper nomination to and |i
ailing of the offices of judges of the Supreme H
Court of the United States; notwithstanding
my eutire distrust of the animus that, in my
judgment, operates upon both branches of the
appointing power in relation to nominations
for these high offices, still I am willing and de-
sirous to leave the President to that unrestricted
constitutional discretion which, in my judg-
ment, he possesses to make his nominations
from any portion of the United States that he
may think proper. If Congress can restrict
the President in one respect it may in others,
and in many others, and in that way it may be
brought to operate materially in limiting the
constitutional discretion and responsibility of
the President in relation to these high nom-
inations.
I believe that the President has the power
to nominate for foreign embassies from any
portion of the United States. I believe that '
in such nominations he cannot be restricted
by any legislation of Congress. I believe he
has an equally enlarged discretion and power
in relation to his nominations for the Supreme
Court of the United States. I believe that it
is not competent for Congress to restrict him
in relation to either of these classes of nom-
inations. But wi^i an avowal of my utter dis-
trust in the nominating power, still I am for
leaving that nominating power to its full con-
stitutional liberty.
Mr. President, it may be that some of the
judges who are now in commission and in
office may not live within the respective cir-
cuits as they are proposed to be established by
this bill. Suppose such should be the fact,
how would Congress coerce them to remove
into their circuits ? Suppose they were contu-
macious and refused to do it, what would be
the remedy ? Could the House of Representa-
tives impeach before the Senate a member of
the Supreme Court who was required by such
an act of Congress to remove into his circuit,
but refused to do it? I suppose not. I do not
suppose that any lawyer in this body would
assume any such position as that.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose any one of the
Other officers, the number of which is great,
one of whose qualifications is residence, local-
ity of existence, should refuse to remain there
and go and abide somewhere else, what in all
those other cases would be the remedy?
M « DAVIS. There are large classes of
officers in regard to which Congress may exer-
cise a discretionary power in relation to resi-
dence ; it may require that residence shall be
One of the constituent qualifications of a cer-
tain class of officers; but I maintain that the
offipe of judge of the Supreme Court is not one
of them.
Mr. CONKLING. That goes to the other
question, the question of power.
Mr. DAVIS. I maintain, in relation to the
offices of embassadors to foreign countries,
that they could be brought under no such terms
and conditions by the legislation of Congress.
We look to the provisions of the Constitution;
we see them there provided for, and see a gen-
eral discretion vested by the Constitution in
the President In relation to nominations for
the^ office of judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and for embassadors. The
Constitution having made no restriction or
qualification or condition as to residence, my ;
principle of interpreting the Constitution and j
the constitutional powers of Congress is that j
it can intervene no such conditions by its legis- j
lation. !
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow j
me upon that point, which is a different one,
to ask a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. !
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I understand the 1
Senator as maintaining that because the Con-
stitution prescribes no qualifications forjudges i
of the Supreme Court, for example, Congress I
has no power to prescribe any qualification
whatever; that Congress has no power to say
that judges shall be persons learned in the law,
or persons who shall have practiced the pro-
fession of the law,or persons more than twenty-
five years of age, and so on; in short, that there
is an absolute want of power to prescribe or
establish any qualification whatever, the Con-
stitution itself being silent as to all qualifica-
tions ?
Mr. DAVIS. I am confining my remarks
to the matter and the point before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any distinction?
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition now is to
restrict the President to a particular circuit in
making a nomination to the Supreme Court.
Without inquiring whether there are other
analogous cases or not, I take my position dis-
tinctlyupon that proposition, that Congress has
no power thus to restrict the President under
the Constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any distinction
between this qualification and others?
Mr. DAVIS. When the others come up I
shall be ready to form my opinion and express
it. But in relation to this point I am fixed
in my opinion at present. I am open to con-
viction, to the logic and the arguments of
the honorable Senator from New York or any
other gentleman; butmy fixed belief has been
for years that the Constitution intended the
Supreme Court to be independent of the will
and caprice of Congress. I think that this is a
movement to subject the appointing power and
the judges of that court to one advance of con-
gressional will. I think that Congress has not
the power to bring either the nominating power,
the other branch of the appointing power, or
the judge himself to any such condition under
the Constitution; and therefore I declare my
opposition to the proposed amendment requir-
ing thenominationsto be made from particular
circuits.
Suppose Congress was to pass a law directing
that each State should have an embassador to
a foreign Court, and that a State already hav-
ing such an appointment,the President should
make no more nominations from it until the
office was vacant to the credit of that partic-
ular State. I see no difference, reasoning from
analogy, according to the idea suggested by the
honorable Senator from, New York. It the
present proposition is legitimate and constitu-
tional, I can see no reason why the one I have
just suggested would not be equally so. It
does not seem to me that the men who framed
the Constitution ever contemplated any such
restriction as this on the President of the Uni-
ted States in making his selections, either for
the Supreme Court or for foreign embassies.
Therefore, as at present advised, I am against
the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration contains two features, one
of whitfh is to equalizethe circuits, so that each
circuit judge appointed under the recent law
may have about the same amount of business
to transact. In making this equalization the
Committee on the Judiciary had reference to
the population of the various circuits, as nearly
as we could ascertain it by the census of I860,
being aware that the relative increase in dif-
ferent rircnits has been very different since
that time, and also having reference to the
business in the Supreme Court of the United
States from the respective circuits. We were
informed that about a fair proportion in num-
ber of cases came tip from each circuit in the
United States according to the business of that
circuit. As the circuits are now arranged,
there were in the Supreme Court of the United
States four hundred and thirty-three causes at
the commencement of the present term. Thirty
of those were from the Court of Claims and
twenty-two from the District of Columbia, and
three from the Territories. Leaving these out,
there were three hundred and seventy-eight
causes on the Supreme Court docket at the
