638
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Carlin, via Mineral Hill and Eureka,
to Hamilton.
From Hamilton to Mount Opliir, via Sher-
mantown.
north carolina.
From Company Shops to Lenox Castle.
From Elizabeth City to Koanoke.
From Smithfield to Hinant's Mills.
From Leesburg, via Howe and Smith's Store
and Gravel Hill Post Office, to Parker's Store.
ohio.
From Geneva, via Mechanicsville and East
Trumbull, to Morgan,
From Geneva to Rock Creek.
From Weymouth, via Medina and Whittle-
sey, to Chatham.
From Jackson to California.
From Jamestown, via Grape Grove and
South Solon, to South Charleston.
From Xenia, via New Jasper, Paintersville,
Luinberton, and Port William, to Wilmington.
From Trenton, via VVoodside and Planner's
Corner, to Exeello. .
From Nonpareil to Coshocton.
From Van Wert, via Gilbert's Mills, to Tirn-
berville.
From Jacobs, via Macomb's, Weber's, and
Crabtree'a, to California.
oregon.
From Amity, via Marsh's Store, to Sheridan.
From Dalles City to Ocheeo Valley.
From Cowallis to Alsea Volley,
From Salem, via Lincoln, Zena, and Bethel,
to Sheridan.
From Dalles City to Crooked llivor.
From the Dalles, via Fifteen-Mile Creek,
Tygh Valley, Oak Grove, Warm Spring lies-
ervalion. Willow Creek, to Upper Ocheeo.
From Jacksonville. Oregon, via Link River,
Lost River, Hot Springs, Goose Lake Valley,
to Lake City, in Surprise Valley, California.
From Brownsville, via Cravvfordsville, Camp
Creek, to Eugene City.
From Eugene Ciiy, via Katie Disappoint-
ment, Big Prairie, Pme Openings, Diamond
Peak, Spraguc's Valley, Round Grove, Drew's
Valley, Goose Lake, Surprise Valley, to Win-
neniuecn, Nevada.
From Jacksonville, via Link River and Goose
Luke Valley, to Camp Bidwell.
From Poil land to Netart's Bay.
i'linnkylvaxia.
From Jollytown to Burton, in West Virginia.
From Le Raysville, via Brushville, Stevens-
ville, ami Springvilie, lo Laceyville.
From Sugartowu to White Horse.
From Village Green, via Chelsea, to Booth's
Cornei s.
From Bedford to Downingsville.
^ From West Bingham, Potter county, by
Turner Creek and Bingham, to Spring Mills,
New York.
From Bridgeport to Cumberland Valley.
From Fremont, via Nottingham, to Elk
Mills.
From Doylestown, via Dublin, to Bod-
minster.
From Pottstown to Cedarvillc.
From Riekersville, viaBursonville, to Spring-
town.
. From Oxford, via Mount Vernon, Colerain,
Kirkwood, Forrestdale, and Rartville, to Chris-
liana.
i rom Bendersville, via Mountain Creek, to
Dickinson.
I1 rom Mann's Choice, via Buffalo Mills,
Bridgeport, and Palo Alto, to Kriebaum's.
south carolina.
From Conwayboro' to Little River.
tennessee.
From Ward's Iron Works, via White Top,
to Hilton, North Carolina.
From Money Creek to Mount Horeb.
From Jonesboro' to Marion.
From Surgoinsville to Pattonsville.
From Sneedsville to Pattonsville.
utah.
From Panaca, via Clover Valley, Long Val-
ley, and West Point, to St. Joseph.
From Montpelier to Soda Springs, in Idaho.
From Fort Herman to Bingham Canon.
From Iiaysville, via Hooper and Alma, to
Plain City.
From St. Charles, via Fish Haven, Swan
Creek, and Round Valley, to It.hica.
vermont.
From West Concord to Granby.
From Albany to Eden Mills.
From Searsburg, via Somerset, to Ben-
nington.
wisconsin.
From Galesville, via Frenolivilie and Ettick,
to Black River Falls.
From Dycksville, via Brussels and Nase-
waupee.
From Little Sturgeon Bay to Brussel.
From Ephraim to North Bay.
From Ephraim to Washington Harbor.
From St. Cloud to Chilton.
From Stillwater to Lincoln Centre.
'From Neilsville, via McPherson's. Sherwood
Forest, Long Meadow, and La Flesh's, to l)ex-
terville.
From Osceola Mills, via Alden and Wagon
Landing, to Black Brook.
From St. Croix Falls, via Luck and Ala-
bama, to Dounersvillo.
From Arcadia, via Home, to Winona, Min-
nesota.
From Diamond Bluff to Trim Belle
wyoming territory.
From Point of Rocks, via South Pass City,
Atlantic City, and Miners' Delight, to Wind
River Valley.
From Percy, via Fort I-Ialleck, to Last
Chance, in Colorado.
From Cheyenne, via Fort Laramie and Fort
Fetterman, to Helena, iu Montana.
From Evanston, via Yellow Creek, Bear
Lake, and Soda Springs, in Utah, to Virginia
City, in Moutana.
From Yellow Creek to Wasatch, in Utah.
From Laramie City, via Last Chance, to
North Park, in Colorado.
From Rawlings to White River Agency, in
Colorado.
Amiovui), March -r>, 1870.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to authorize Otlicers
of the Executive Departments to administer
Oaths in certain cases.
Beit enacted by the Senate aiul Jfotise of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America, in
Congress assembled, That any officer or clerk
of any of the Executive Departments of the
Government, who shall be lawfully detailed to
investigate frauds or attempts to defraud on
the Government, or any irregularity or mis-
conduct of any officer or agent of the United
States, shall have power to administer oaths to
affidavits taken in the course of any such invest-
igation.
Approved, March 7, 1870.
Cliu\ XXV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
'•An Act to extend the Time for the Little
Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company to
complete the first section of twenty miles of
said road," approved April ten, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hon se of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proviso of an
act entitled "An act to extend the time for the
Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Com-
pany to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road," approved April ten,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, be, and the
same hereby is, repealed.
Approved, March 8, 1870.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to authorize the Sec
ret.ary of War to place at the disposal of
the Soldiers' Monument Committee of Kock
Island county, Illinois, certain condemned
Ordnance.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and Mouse of Rep
reseniatices of the United States of Aniericam
Congress assembled, That ttie Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place at the disposal of the soldiers'
monument committee at Rock Island, Illinois,
twelve pieces of condemned ordnance from
the arsenal of Rook Island, for the purpose
of completing the soldiers' monument and
appurtenances at said city of Rock Island.
Approved, March 9, 1870.
Ciiai'. XXVIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act providing 1'or the Sale of
a portion of the Foit Gratiot Military Res-
ervation, in St. Clair county, in the State
of Michigan," approved July twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resen tat ices of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act. [jioviding lor the sale of a portion of the
Fort Gratiot military reservation in St. Clair
county, in the Stale of Michigan," approved
July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight-, be, and the same is hereby, amended by
adding to theend of the second section thereof
the following, to wit: " Provided, That there
shall be, and is hereby, granted to the city of
Port Huron, in perpetuity, for public grounds,
to be designated and known as ' Pine Grow
Park,' all that portion of said military reserve
known and described as follows, to wit: com-
mencing at a point on the St. Clair river bank,
being north sixty degreesandfifty-five minutes
east, one chain and seventy-five links from the
southeast corner of Fort Gratiot military cem-
etery; thenco south sixty degrees and fifty-
live minutes west, eleven chains and fifteen
links, at right angles with and to intersect the
east line of Harrington avenue, so called ;
thenco south twenty nine degrees arid five
minutes east, along the east line of said ave
nue, twenty chains ; thence north sixty degrees
and fifty-five minutes east, at right angles with
said avenue, to the United Siates boundary
line in the St. Clair river; thence northerly
along said boundary line to a point at which
the northerly line of the above-described ' Pine
Grove Park' extended in a right line easterly
would intersect the same; thence westerly
along said extended northerly line to the place
of beginning. Containing twenty and ninety-
hundredth acres of land, together with the
river front adjoining thereto."
Approved, March 18, 1870.
Ciiai1. XXIX.—An Act to confirm the Appor-
tionment and amend certain Laws of the
Territory of Arizona.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Statesof America in
Congress assembled, That the apportionment
of members of the Legislative Assemblies of 11.1
'Territory of Arizona, elected and convened 111
the years eighteen hundred and sixty six
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and eighi-
een hundred and sixty-eight, made by the Gov
ernor in accordance with the laws of said Ter-
ritory, be, and is hereby, declared legal and
valid under the organic act.
