340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
tlie statement of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin. [Mr. Painb] is wholly irrelevant; as pro-
ceeding from that gentleman. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] or the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Hoge]
desires to correct his vote it is for that gentle-
man to do so. It is not for any other member
to rise for the purpose of correcting the record
as regards the votes of those gentlemen. The
gentleman from Massachusetts'[Mr. Hoar] is
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HO Alt. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. When the question was put
to tlie House on reconsidering the previous
question I called from my seat, "ay." I now
understand that the Clerk's record does not
contain the statement of my affirmative vote.
That I gave that affirmative vote I do not con-
sider to be a matter of hearsay. It was given
in the presence of the House, and it is a matter
to which the House itself can bear witness.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [i\Tr. Hoah] is entitled to have the
record of his vote corrected, and it is so
ordered. The Clerk's statement of the matter
is this: that opposite the names of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoab] and the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Hoge]
there stands the record of one vote, num-
bered 29 in the series. The Clerk is unable
to say to which gentleman that vote was cred-
ited. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
stated that he voted in the affirmative, and his
vote will be so recorded. It is now for the
gentleman from South Carolina to say how he
voted.
Mr. HOGE. I desire to state that I voted
(4 ay,'1
The SPEAKER. The vote will be so re-
corded. The Chair will further state that the
duty of voting in the decision of tie votes is
one of the most unpleasant that is imposed on
the Chair. If tho vote had been correctly
announced as the record now stands—yeas 77,
nays 76—there would have been a majority of
one in favor of reconsidering the vote order-
ing the main question; in which case the Chair
would not have voted. The Chair decides that
the vote stands—yeas 77, nays 76; and the
question therefore again recurs on ordering the
main question.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask whether
the Chair has the power of voting in order to
make a tie ?
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair has the same
right as any other member of the House to
vote at any time. But lie follows the usage
and etiquette of his position, which he desires
not to violate, when he abstains from voting
as well as taking a part on the one side or the
other in debates upon questions with reference
to the discussion of which he ought to maintain
a position of impartiality.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make the
point of order that the Chair having voted as
a member of the House cannot now withdraw
his vote, and that therefore the vote is still a
tie.
The SPEAKER. Tho position of the Chan-
is this; the Chair voted under a certain con-
dition of circumstances, but that condition of
circumstances having changed, the Chair now
withdraws his vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But I suggest to the
Chair 
_ The SPEAKER. The Chairdesires to bring
his statement to a conclusion. No rights are
sacrificed, because the question immediately
recurs upon ordering the main question. The
vote having been reconsidered, the question
must be again tested before the House, so that
the rights of every gentleman on both sides on
the pending issue are fully protected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the point of
order I make is, that the vote was not reconsid-
ered. It wasa tie vote; and being atie,it was
not reconsidered unless the Chair withdraws
his vote. If the Chair determines that he has
a right to withdraw his vote after the question
has been decided, that is one thing; otherwise,
as the record now stands, the Chair voting as
a member of the House, it is a tie, and the vote
is not reconsidered.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the Speaker
withdrawing his vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist upon it that a
vote of the House is not to be changed by the
after-determination of any member of the
House that he will change or withdraw his
vote.
Mr. PAINE. I insist that the vote of the
Speaker was cast as Speaker of the House,
and not as a member of the House, and there-
fore the Speaker has a right to withdraw his
vote.
Mr. RANDALL. That is a distinction
without a difference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He can only vote
as a member of the House. *
Mr. PAINE. He can vote as Speaker and
member both.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. If the House orders the
main question will it not bring the House
directly to a vote on the question, " Shall the
joint resolution pass?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit to the
Chair that no other member of the House can
withdraw his vote, nor can the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. No other member of the
House votes as the Chair does.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the Speaker is on the same footing as other
members in that respect.
The SPEAKER. No other member of the
House is circumstanced as the Chair is in
respect to voting. The Chair is uniformly
excused from voting. The Chair has a right
to vote if he chooses, or not to vote. The Chair,
in a given state of circumstances, voted. That
given state of circumstances has been cor-
rected and entirely changed under the priv-
ileges of the House, and the Chair, therefore,
does not vote. If the question were on the
final passage of the joint resolution the Chair
would have doubts as to the propriety of his
course; but as this merely remits it to the de-
cision of the House upon a point already once
decided and now reconsidered by a majority
of one, the Chair assumes and decides that he
has a right to withdraw his vote under the cir-
cumstances; and the question recurs, "Will
the House order the main question?"
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. But the previous question
has been seconded.
Mr. PAINE. That has been reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
the question now recurs on ordering the main
question on the joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I again ask the Chair
whether if the House orders the main question,
it will not bring the House directly to a vote
on the question, "Shall the joint resolution
pass?"
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. PAINE. And if the House refuses to
order the main question, cannot the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. ELDItlDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] objected to the withdrawal of the Speak-
er s vote. I insist that the Speaker, therefore,
cannot withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
that he can.
The question was again taken upon ordering
the main question; and upon a division there
were—ayes CI, noes 77.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for the veas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 66, nays 80, not
voting 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Bingham, Bird, Blair. James Brooks, Burchard,
Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs. Cuilom, Dickinson, Do*.
Bldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Garfield, fietz, Golladay, Griswold, Ilaight, Hale.
Hamuli, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, HeJiin, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Marshall, May-
ham, McCarthy, McCormick, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
gan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Peters, Randall,"
Riee, Rogers, Sehumaker, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Strong,
Swann, Sweeney. Tanner, Trimble, Van Trump,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Arnell, Asper, Bailey,
Be am an, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett. Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Cook.Cbnger,Dawes,Dickey,Donley,Duval.
Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper,
Jenekes. Judd, ICelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lash, Law-
rence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
Mereur, Daniel J. Morroll, Myers, Neglcy, O'Neill,
Orth. Packard, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sconeld, Shanks, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Taffe, Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Williams, and Winans—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Banks, Barnnm, Benton, Biggs, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cowles, Davis, Deweese, Dixon, Dockery,
Dyor, Fox, Greene, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hawley,
Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas 1. Jones, Julian,
XCellogg, Keir, Logan, Lynch, MeNeely, Eliakim
H. Moore, William Moore, Morrissey, Niblack,
Packer, Poland, Potter, Reading, Reeves, Sanford,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Lionel A. Sheldon,Porter Sheldon,
Shcrrod, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Tillman, Van
Auken, Voorhees, Ward. William B. Washburn,
Wheeler, Witcher, and Woodward—64.
So the main question was not ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The morning hour having expired, this
joint resolution must go over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the joint resolution goes over until
Monday next.
bills, etc., approved.
A message from tho President was commu-
nicated to the House by Mr. Horace Porter,
his Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed the follow-
ing bills and joint resolutions:
An act (II. R. No. 079) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids in the Mississippi river ;
An act (H. R. No. G05) making appropri-
ations to partially supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870 ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 4) relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the
loyal States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77} disap-
proving of a contract for leasing the custom-
house block in San Francisco ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
to the memory of George Peabody, deceased.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 781)
making appropriations for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1871 ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr._ MAYNARD. Does this bill contain
anything in the way of legislation?
_ Mr. KELSEY. It does not, except a pro-
vision in relation to the naval pension fund.
The bill was then ordered to be printed, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order
for Wednesday next after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
military academy appropriation 1sill.
Mr. BECK, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported a bill (II. R. No. 782)
