187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
commencement of its present terra from the
different circuits, the District of Columbia and
the Territories and the Court of Claims of
course not being included within any circuit.
On looking at the business in these respective
circuits we find that in one circuit (the seventh)
there are seventy-one causes now pending in
the Supreme Court which have been taken from
(hat circuit, while in another circuit (the thitd)
(here nre but five causes in the Supreme Court.
There is not upon the docket of the Supreme
Court a single canse from the State of New
Jersey; there is not a single cause from the
State of Delaware, and has not been for years;
and there are but five cases from the great
State of Pennsylvania; and those three States,
as the circuits are now arranged, constitute the
third circuit. We are informed that this is a
fair criterion by which to judge of the amount
of business in the respective circuits; that about
an equal number of cases come from each in
proportion to the number that are there tried.
Now, in order to correct this, and to give to
the circuit judges about the same amount of
business, the committee arranged the circuits
as they are in this bill; and I wish to disabuse
the minds of some Senators of what I fear is
a prejudice arising out of the supposition that
(here was some personal design about this bill.
There is none. So far as I am concerned or
am advised, the bill is not prepared in refer*
ence to any particular individual, or with a
hope or expectation of putting any particular
person on the bench either of the circuit or of
the Supreme Court.
The change that was made by the Judiciary
Committee in the numbering of the circuits
\ was made to accommodate these circuits to
judges already confirmed. You will remem-
ber that nnder the law passed at the last ses-
sion the President was authorized to appoint
nine circuit judges, who were to be residents
of their respective circuits. Eight of those
circuit judges have already been nominated
and confirmed by the Senate and are now in
office. Tfcey were appointed for particular
circuit* by number, under the law.
There is now residing in the State of Ala-
bama a judge (Judge Woods) who was nom-
inated and confirmed as judge of the fifth
circuit. Hence it was necessary to preserve
circuit number five where he resided, because
he was nominated and appointed a judge for
the fifth circait; and we changed the number-
ing of some of the circuits for the ptifpose of
preserving number five as applicable to that
circuit where the judge whom we had confirmed
resided. Judge Shepley, in Maine, was ap-
pointed for the first circuit; he is left in the first
circuit. So for thesecond circuit, Judge Wood-
ruff was appointed; he is left in that circuit;
and so as to the other circuits. As the bill is
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
every circuit judge who has been confirmed by
the Senate will be within the limits of that
circuit, by number, for which he was nominated
and confirmed.
I could read over, but it would be difficult
for the Senate to recollect, the figures as to the
population of the different circuits as we have
arranged them, and also as to the number of
causes from each in the Supreme Court, accord-
ing to the report of the committee. If any Sen-
ator desires any particular information on this
subject I have before me the tables by which I
could state those facts, bat I will not weary the
Senate with them.
Mr. SCOTT. I should be glad to inquire of
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee in
reference to the relative number of cases from
the second and the third circuits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As arranged by the
committee?
Mr. SCOTT. At what term was that num-
ber ascertained ; at the commencement of this
term?
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the commencement
of the present term.
Mr. SCOTT. Before the docket was called
or any case argned in conrt ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was the number of
causes on the docket at the opening of the court.
Mr. SCOTT. If the chairman will permit
me, I will state that there has been a reason
why many cases in the third circuit have not
been tried for several years, and that is the
well-known physical inability of Mr. Justice
Grier to go upon the circuit. In consequence
6f that quite a number of cases, as I know,
particularly in Pennsylvania, have been await-
ing the time when a judge of the Supreme Court
should come to the circuit. If the discussion
of this bill shall proceed after the morning hour,
after the chairman shall be through I shall call
attention to the inequality both in population
and in business which will exist between the
third circuit, by the proposed arrangement of
this bill, and some of the other circuits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania must be aware that no justice of the
Supreme Court Was necessary in order to try
causes in the Pennsylvania circuit which would
come to the Supreme Court. They have two
judges there, Judge McCandless, I think, in
the western district, and Judge Cadwalader in
the eastern district, both of whom have circuit
court jurisdiction and hold the circuit courts in
the absence of a justice of the Supreme Court.
And I would state further to the Senator that
in my own State there was not a justice of the
Supreme Court who came into the State at all
for years, prior to the appointment df Mr.
Justice Davis._ Justice McLean scarcely ever
Came to Illinois to preside in the circuit court,
but our judges of the district courts held the
eircuit courts.
Mr. SCOTT. While it might not be neces-
sary, I will state to the Senator from Illinois
that it was very desirable; and I know myself
of one or two cases which remained over for
several years owing to the desire of the counsel
in those cases to have Mr. Justice Grier pres-
ent at the trial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That reason applied to
every circuit in the United States. There may
have been several cases where the parties de-
sired thata justice Of the Supreme Court should
preside, and yet there was the same thing in
Illinois, the same thing in New York. How
many courts ddes the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania suppose that Mr. Justice Nelson has been
able to hold in the State of New York, where
the circuit courts are in session the whole year
round ? He has been able to preside over the
circuit court in but few instances, very few;
and, as I said, in the State of Illinois for years
we did not have a justice of the Supreme Court
at all, And there are many States now in the
Union to which no justiceof the Supreme Court
has been for some time. So that reason ap-
plies to all the circuits.
Now, sir, a word in reference to the last sec-
tion of this bill, which requires that any justice
of the Supreme Court to be hereafter appointed
shall be a resident of the circuit where the va-
cancy exists. The Senator from West Virginia
has moved to amend that section by providing
that he shall reside there after his appointment,
dispensing with the necessity of his being a
resident when appointed. It has been gravely
argued by the Senator from Kentucky that
Congress has no power to limit the President
to any particular district of country in selecting
these judges. Now, sir, with dtie deference
to that Argument, it does seem to me that it
goes upon the idea that Congress cannot pre-
scribe to the President the mode by which he
shall execute his duties. The President of the
United State* is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and the Navy of the United States; but
how is he to command the Army and the Navy ?
We cannot regulate him upon the field and
give specific orders as to everything that he
shall do, but we can make laws which the
President is bound to follow in commanding
the Army and the Navy. The President can
do nothing as commander of the Army and the
Navy without the consent of Congress. He
cannot raise a soldier, he cannot pay a soldier;
his power is wholly ineffectual. Congress
passes the necessary laws, and then the Presi-
dent executes those laws in the manner that
Congress prescribes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois will please suspend. The morn-
ing hour has expired and the funding bill is
before the Senate, and the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask the Senator from Ohio who has
charge of that bill, or the Senator from Ver-
mont, if he will yield to consent that the fund-
ing bill shall go by for a time. The funding
bill has occupied a great deal of time and will
probably take a week, and it crowds out all
other business. Now, without my stating itt
the Senator front Ohio knows the importance,
if we have any action at all, of our having early
action on this bill. I will say to him that I do
not purpose to discuss it; I only purpose to
make a statement, so far as I am concerned,
that will not occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires
simply to finish the statement he was making
I have no objection to give way long enough
to enable him to conclude; but this bill will
occupy a day or two, and I think it is of no
earthly importance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill we have under
consideration ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose it
would take long.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am so informed. If
the Senator simply wishe3 to finish his remarks
I have no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no set remarks
to make, but a statement of my view in regard
to the second clause. I do not desire, how-
ever, to interfere with other business to do
that unless we can go on and dispose of the
bill.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois wishes to conclude his statement
theChair understands that there is no objection
to his doing so.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I do not care to do that;
we accomplish nothing by it.
Mr. WILSON. I submit an amendment to
the judicial circuit bill which I move be printed.
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
1 tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
{' that the House had passed the joint resolution
1' (S. R. No. 109) in relation to settlers on the
late Sioux Indian reservation in the &tate of
Minnesota. • • •-<
FIFTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AftfclfDMBNT.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform the Senate what States have ratified the
amendment known as the fifteenth arnendmentto the
Constitution, and have transmitted notice thereof
to the Department of State, and from tiqife to timet
as any State hereafter may ratify the same, to com-
municate to the Senate as soon as practicable the
fact of soeh ratification.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT.
Mr. HOWELL submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed as a substitute to tho
bill (S. No. 566) making a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Dakota; which was ordered to
be printed.
FUNDING BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refanding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
