1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2597
extraordinary course of the gentleman' from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] a me-npber of
the Committee of Ways and Means. Because
some members on the Democratic side sup-
ported him and hi.s committee in the proposed
duty on tea and coffee, he appears -here to
charge tliem and their party with favoring in-
creased duties on these articles. I have said
heretofore and now repeat, that greater relief
could be given.to the.country by striking off or
reducing the outrageous tax on pig iron, rail-
road iron, and various other protected articles.
But the gentleman and his party are alone re-
sponsible for the tariff in every phase and with
all its iniquities. They have the power and to
them belongs the responsibility. Youhavemore
than three fourths of the members in this House.
You can flow or at any time put tea, coffee,
sugar, pig iron, railroad iron, or anything what-
ever on the free list ; and you cannot and shall
not dodge or avoid responsibility for your legis-
lation. it is neither iair, honest, or candid to
attempt to put this responsibility where it does
not belong. When we get control of the Gov-
ernment, as we expect to soon, we can and will
frame a law that will raise all the revenues
necessary to an economical administration of
the Government,, and at the same time relieve
the people of hundreds of millions of their pres-
ent burdens. This could easily be done now if
the monopolists would but loosen their grip on
the throats of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend by adding after line two hun-
dred and seventeen those words:
Provided, That webbings, galloons, and laces of
which rubber is a, component part shall in no case bo
imported at a less duty than 35 per cent, uci valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. T move to
amend byinserting between the word "other"
and the word "animals," in line two hundred
and fifteen, the word "like;" so that the
phrase will read "other like animals." This
will restore the phraseology of the present law.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On Aubusson and Axminster carpets, and carpets
woven whole for rooms, 50 per cent, ad valorem ; on
Saxony, Wiltfln, and l'onrnay velvet carp ets, wrought
by the Jauquai;d machine, 70 cents por square yard,
and, in addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem ; on
Brussels carpets wrought by the Jacquard machine,
44 cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
35 per cent, ad valorem; on patent velvet and
tapestry velvet carpets printed on tho warp or other-
wise, 40cents per square yard, and, in addition there-
to, 35 per cent, ad valorem; on tapestry Brussels
carpets, primed on the wari> or otherwise, 28 cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, 35 per cent.
ad valorem; an trebleingrain, three-ply, and worsted
chain Vene tian carpets, 17cents per stiuaro yard, and,
in addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem; on
yarn Venetian and two-ply ingrain carpets, 12 cents
per square yard, and, in addition th ore to, 35 percent.
ad valorem; on felt carpets and carpeting, and
on woven ox felt druggets and bookings, printed,
colored, or otherwise, 12 cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto,, 35 per cent, ad valorem; and all
mats, screens, hassocks, floor-rugs, carpet samples,
and other portions of carpets orearpeting shall bo
subjected to the rates of duty herein imposed on
carpets or carpeting of like character or description;
and all other mats, screens, hassocks, floor-rugs, and
other carpets or carpeting, not exclusively of vege-
table material, and not otherwise provided for, shall
be subject to duty at tho rate of 45 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. On page 11, line two hun-
dred and forty-five, I move to insert before the
word "otherwise" the word " herein so it
will read:
And all other mats, screens, hassocks, floor-rugs,
ami other carpets or carpeting not exclusively of
vegetable material, and not horcan otherwise pro-
vided for. ' <
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, on page 10, line
two hundred and twenty-seven, after the word
" on" to insert '■ Brussels andso it will read :
OnBiussels and tapestry Brussels carpets printed
on the warn or otherwise, 28 cents per square yard,
and,in addition thereto, 35 per cent, advalorem.
The ameadmeBt jyas agreed to,
_ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We propose
in this carpet business 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
propose an amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, I move to
strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the gentleman will yield
to ine to make a suggestion in regard to the
last amendment submitted by the .gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will yield
the floor to-the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and will take it when he gets through.
Mr. HOAR. I trust the committee will not
consider the amendment offered, by the gentle-
man from Ohio as having been adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that.
In order to prevent the construction that Brus-
sels generally above shall embrace Brussels
simply printed on the warp or otherwise, we have
proposed to go back to the act of 1864, so that
Brussels printed on the warp shall be put on
the same footing as to rate of duty as tapestry
Brussels. In section five of the act of June 30,
1864, there were distinct provisions between
Brussels wrought with the Jacquard machine
and Brussels printed on the warp. They dropped
out in the act of 1867 this distinction, and we
desire to go back to the act of 1884 and adopt
the same language, so as to prevent the confu-
sion which occurred at the custom-house on
account of the construction since put on it.
We propose Brussels printed on the warp shall
pay no more than tapestry Brussels, and we fix
tho duty at 28 cents per square yard, and, m
addition thereto, 3o per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOAR. I think I can satisfy the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
that, amendment should not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendmenthasbeen
adopted by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts rose to oppose the amendment
in time, and I was about explaining the amend-
ment when the Chair interrupted mo and put
the question. I hope that by unanimous con-
sent the amendment may be considered as still
before the committee for action.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOAR. I now rise to oppose the amend-
ment. As I understand it the manufacture of
Brussels carpets in this country has been nearly
a monopoly because the Bigelow Carpet Com-
pany owned the several patents, as stated by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
the other day. That monopoly is now term-
inated, the patents having nearly all expired,
except one, and that is about to expire. I am
informed by a personal friend of mine, who is
a large manufacturer at Lowell, that something
like thirty establishments will probably spring
up in a very short period of time, if adequate
protection shall continue to be given to Brussels
carpets. Brussels carpet, although it is not
woven on the Jacquard loom, but printed on
the warp, ought to be subject to the same duty
as Brussels carpet wrought by the Jacquard
machine, and the amendment proposed by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as it seems to me, ought to be inserted
in the two hundred and twenty-second line,
because it costs more, and this tapestry car-
pet sells for only about three fifths of the
price, whether woven on the Jacquard loom
or not. I am confirmed in this statement
by the gentleman who made the tariff of 1864,
[Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,] that it was not
deemed important to insist on the distinction.
Now, preparations having been made to go
into the manufacture of Brussels carpets, not
woven on the Jacquard loom, a manufacture
requiring more labor and more skill, with from
three to five times as much expense, I think it
only right that we should impose on those Brus-
sels carpets printed on the warp the duty of the
class of carpets to which it belongs, which in
this bill is 44 cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem. If
this amendment is lost I shall ask that the same
words be added in linetwohii&dredand twenty-
ihe question was put on Mr. SciiBijcK's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. * I move to
strike out the whole section. As I presume
noargument of mine will have any effect on the
gentlemen on the opposite side of the House,
I propose to lay before them an argument from
a quarter for which they may have more re-
spect, an article which has appeared in one of
the leading public journals of the West, apaper
which has more influence than forty members
of Congress on this floor, I mean more influ-
ence on public opinion, and which in my judg-
ment will unmake a great many of them if the
argument is not heard. I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read an article from the Chicago
Tribune.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The imports of foreign carpets for tho year end-
nig June 80, 1869, were valued at #3,515.500, uuon
which the ttovernmeat collected £2,215,000 tax. Xln.i
was an average tax of 63 per cent., tliousli the tux
"I"!11 vJ,0 wiser carpets, such as are made in tho
United btatesand ot which little or none is imported
ranges trom 80 to 150 per cent. "Now. if we multiply
tho value of tho imported carpets by 9, we iiavc as
thcvaluo of the whole carpet consumption, domestic
and foreign, tor the year, the sum of $31,631,48:2, and
by tho same means we ascertain that the whole
amount of the tax paid thereon was S19.929.159.
though tn fact the average tax being much greater
on the kinds of carpet made in this country, the real
amount of tax paid was several millions more.
"The American consumers of the 531,634,482 worth
of carpet have tho melancholy satisfaction of know-
ing that $19,929,000 of that sum was a tax paid by
tbcm in gold. And they can draw whatover coin-
tort tlicy may from the further knowledgo that of
this tax $2,215,000 only was paid into the national
Treasury, and $17,509,000 divided among the carpet
manufacturers as extra profits on the capital invested
by thorn in that business. Tho new tariff bill pro-
poses to increase this rate of taxation, not to inerenso
the revenue to the Government, but to increase the
dividends on tho stock of the carjiet-manutaeturirig
companies."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To the state-
ment in that article I would only add that the
reenactmenl of this section puts over SI,000,-
000 into the hands of a very few men in the
middle States and New England.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, perhaps I
have some right to speak iti reply to the gen-
tleman from New York on this subject, as I
represent a district which makes more carpets
than any other district in the United States—
the two-ply and three-ply ingrain carpets. We
have in Philadelphia in that manufacture 0,842
hand-looms upon which carpets are made—
nine tenths of them in my district; more
perhaps than in Great Britain and the New
England States combined. And I say to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] that
when he attacks the protection afforded to the
dearer class of carpets, or to these ingrain car-
pets, he attacks 7,000 people in my district,
men, women, and children, spinners, dyers,
weavers, and their assistants, who are employed
in the manufacture of the latter grades.
It. is all very well for the gentlemen on the
other side to say that this tariff bill is in the
interest of capital. Sir, it is in the interest of
labor, which is the true capital of this country—
a fact you cannot illustrate better than from
this very branch of industry. If the gentleman
will go with me some day into the district I
represent I will show him the weaving shops,
attached, many of them, to the humble dwell-
ings there, some of them in those dwellings.
1 will show him the employers themselves
frequently working their looms side by side
with their employfes, and their wives and cliil
dren often winding the bobbins. One hundred
i;nd fourteen of the class manufacturing more
than $5,000 a year produced last year carpets
amounting in value to $3,000,000. Many of
these laboring people have latterly been thro wn
out of employment on account ot the decline
of gold, and yet it is now proposed to reduce
still further the protection to this interest.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask bim a question?
Mr, MYERS. Certainly,
