1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t&iSZm
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy at West Point for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871; which was read a
ilrst and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union,and made the special
order for Thursday next after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there any general
legislation in this bill?
Mr. BECK. Not at all.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS, JSTC.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, for consideration at this time, House
bill No. 547, to define the duties of pension
agents and prescribe the manner of paying
pensions. It is very desirable that the earliest
action possible may be had upon this bill, in
order that it may apply to the next semi-
annual payment in March. If passed it will
save our pensioners at least $1,000,000. I
trust there will be tio objection to considering
the bill at this time.
Mr. COX. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It ha?, and is on our files
as Printer's No. 220.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section, that within fifteen days immediately
preceding the 4th day of March and the 4th day
of September in each year, the several agents
for the payment of pensions shall prepare a
semi-annual voucher for each and every person
whose pension is payable at his agency, and
transmit the same by mail, directed to the
address of the pensioner named in sueh voucher
who, on or after the 4th day of Mareh or the 4th
day of September next succeeding the date of
such voucher, shall execute and return the
same to the agency at which it was prepared
and at which the pension of such person is due
and payable.
The second section provides that upon the
receipt ot' such voucher properly executed, and
the identity of the pensioner established and
proven in the manner prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the agent for the payment
of pensions shall immediately draw his check
on the proper Assistant Treasurer of the United
States for the amount due such pensioner,
payable to his order, and transmit the same
by mail, directed to the address of the pen-
sioner entitled thereto.
The third section proposes to enact that here-
after no pension shall be paid to any person
other that the pensioner entitled thereto, nor
otherwise than according to the provisions of
this act; and no warrant, power of attorney,
or other paper executed or purporting to be
executed by any pensioner to any attorney,
claim agent, broker, or other person shall be
recognized by any agent for the payment of
pensions, nor shall any pension be paid thereon.
The payment to persons laboring under legal
disabilities may be made to the guardians of
such persons in the manner herein prescribed.
Pensions payable to persons in foreign coun-
tries may be made according to the provisions
of existing laws.
The fourth section provides that, as full com-
pensation for the preparation of the voucher
and all other service attending the payment of
each pension, the pension agent shall be enti-
tled to a fee of forty cents and no more, which
may be deducted from the amount due each
pensioner: and any pension agent or other
person who shall, directly or indirectly, take
or receive or demand a greater sum than forty
cents for such service is to forfeit and pay the
sum of $500 for each offense, to be recovered
by indictment in any court of competent juris-
diction.
The fifth section directs the Secretary of the
Interior to cause suitable blanks for the vouch-
ers mentioned in the first section of this act to
be printed and distributed to the agents for the
payment of pensions, upon which he shall cause
a note to be printed, informing pensioners of
the fact that hereafter no pension will be paid
except upon the vouchers issued as herein di-
rected and the fee to which the pension ageut
is entitled; and he is also to give all necessary
instructions for carrying this act into effect.
The sixth section proposes to declare that the
provisions of sections twelve and thirteen of ail
act entitled " An act supplemental to an ac-t
entitled 'An act to grant pensions,' approved
July 14,1862," approved July 4, 1864, shall be
applicable to all the various acts relating to
pensions.
The seventh section repeals all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of
this act.
The_SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reporting of this bill for consideration at the
present time?
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, is it pro-
posed to put this bill on its passage now?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. MUNGBN. Then I object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move, then, that the
rules be suspended, in order that the bill may
be reported and put upon its passage at the
present time.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 08, noes not counted.
So the motion to suspend the rules was
agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN reported back from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H. R.
No. 547) to define the duties of pension agents
and prescribe the manner of paying pensions.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Air. BENJAMIN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon the call for the previous
question.
. Mr. COX. Wo cannot undertake to reform
the whole pension system in five minutes.
Mr. MAi NARD. It seems to me that this
bill embraces matters which ought not to be
disposed of in this hurried manner. I hope
that the bill will be read in the usual form, for
amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the previous
question. Should the call for the previous
question be sustained, I shall be entitled to
an hour, and I will give the gentleman from
Tennessee all the time he may want.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
from Missouri allow me to make a suggestion?
If the motion for the previous question be not
pressed, I will move that this bill be recom-
mitted, with instructions that the committee so
amend it as to provide for the payment of
pensions in every county in each State and Ter-
ritory without expense to the pensioner. If I
may be allowed to say a few words, I think I
can satisfy the House 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but I will state to him right
here, that unless this bill be passed within a
few days it will not apply to the payment of
the 4th of March next. Instructions, blanks,
and matters of that kind have to be prepared
and sent out to the various pension agencies,
and if this bill be not very speedily passed the
payment of .the 4th of March next must be
made under the existing law, thus entailing
upon the pensioners of this Government an
expense of $1,000,000. The effect of the gen-
tleman's motion would be, of course, to post-
pone the passage of this bill so that it coula not
apply to the payment of the 4th of March next.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I believe
I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bexjamix] has the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist, upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not press the demand for the previous
question until he allows me to at least suggest
an amendment. The amendment which I would
propose is to strike out the fourth ?.f,ction of
the bill; and my reason for that proposition
is this: the pension agents as a class of officers
are no w better paid, in proportion to the amount
of labor they perform, than any Qthers. They
may be required to do this duty ex officio as a
part of their official (services. I am opposed
to imposing this burden—small, it Is true, but
recurring semi-annually—upon all the pension-
ers. _ Attention to this business should be
required of the pension agents asapart of their
official duty, and they should receive no addi-
tional compensation, inasmuch as we already
pay them more in proportion to the amount of
labor they perform than any other class of
officers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is mis-
taken as regards a large portion of the pension
agents, and if we strike out tho fourth section
we shall have to increase the pay of these pen-
sion agents. Under the bill we are reducing
the fees of pension agents for doing this work
more than one half, reducing them to a point as
low as we can unless we shall increase their
fees by paying them out of the United States
Treasury. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
| Mr. MAYNARD. I hope I will be allowed
1 to move my amendment.
i Mr. COX. I hope that the House will vote
i down the demand for the previous question, so
' that we may vote intelligently on this bill. I
do not think that ten members in the House
havo read this bill. It is too important to pass
so hurriedly.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the previous question
be not seconded will it then be in order to
move amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will.
TheHouse divided; and there were—ayes 25,
noes 81.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That, as full com-
pensation for tho preparation of the voucher and all
other service attending the payment of each pension,
the pension asent shall bo entitled to a fee of forty
cents and no more, which may bo deducted from tho
amount due each pensioner; and any pension agent
or other person who shall, directly or indiroctly, tako
or roceive or demand a greater sum than forty cent*
for such service 6hall forfeit and pay tho sum of $500
for each offense, to be recovered by indictment in
any court of competent jurisdiction.
I should like to have the bill taken up and
considered section by section.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. The whole bill is open
to amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that the bill be
recommitted with instructions to so amend it
as to provide for the payment of pensions in
every county in each State and Territory free
of expense to the pensioners.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am conteut that the
vote shall be first taken on the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I will sub-
mit to the House a few remarks in support of
the proposition which I have offered. I had
the honor to present to the House on the T2A
of December last some views on this subject,
giving my opinions at some length as to what
our duty was to the pensioners and what was
the proper mode of paying these pensions.
By the existing law there are fifty-nine pen-
sion agents stationed in various parts of the
United States, and manifestly at bo great a
distance from the pensioners that pensions are
paid with extreme difficulty. These fifty-nine
pension agents receivc commissions on the
amount paid by them for their services, and in
addition they roceive fees for preparing vouch-
ers for pensioners in each and every case.
These fees added to the commissions received
make the pay of these pension agents amount
to an average of about seven thousand dollars
a year, and in addition to that almost every
pensioner is under the secessity of employing
an attorney or claim agent, who receives a con-
