1870.]
APPENDIX .TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,-That an
election for members of the next Legislative
Assembly, and for all township, county, and
district officers, and for Delegate-to the Forty-
Second Congress of the United States, shall
be held upon the Tuesday after the first Mon-
day of November, in the year eighteen hundred
and seventy, and the Governor shall order such
election by proclamation to be issued not less
than two months previousto said day. In said
proclamation he shall declare the number of
members of each branch of the Legislature to
which each county or district of said Territory
shall be entitled, and such apportionment shall
be based upon the population as shown by the
census to be taken in the year eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, under the law of the United
States, and if such census is not completed in
time, then the apportionment shall be made
according to the population as shown by the
best information to be obtained. Said election
shall be conducted in conformity to the laws
of the Territory and of Congress; and the term
of office of all township, county, and district
officers shall expire upon the thirty-first day
of December, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and that of all officers elected as herein pro-
vided shall begin upon the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
persons thus elected to the next Legislative
Assembly shall meet at the capitol on the
second Wednesday in January, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Governorsball fill by appointment all vacancies
in township, eounly, or district offices in said
Territory, until the thirty-fitst day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventyand until
the sametiniehemayremove township, county,
and district officers, and fill their places when-
ever in his judgment the public interest will be
promoted thereby.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That jus-
tices of the peace in said Territory of Arizona
hhall not have jurisdiction of any matter in
controversy where the title or boundaries of
land rosy be in dispute, or where the debt
or sum claimed shall exceed three hundred
dollars.
Approved, March 23, 1870.
Ciiap. XXX.—An Act prescribing the Duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury in certain
cases therein named.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever any State
shall have been, or may be, in default in the
payment of interest or principal on investments
in stocks or bonds issued or guarantied by
such State and held by the United States in
trust, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to retain the whole, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, of any moneys
due on any account from the United States to
such State, and to apply the same to the pay-
ment of such principal and interest, or either,
or to the reimbursement, with interest thereon,
of moneys advanced by the United States on
account of interest due on such stocks or
bonds.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
only, either in said District or any State or
Territory of the United States, shall be held
and deemed as valid and effectual for all pur-
poses, as though such acknowledgment had
been made before two or more justices of the
peace.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
Ciiap. XXXI.—An Act relating to Acknowl-
edgments of Deeds or other Instruments of
Writing in the District of Columbia.
Be ilcnacUdbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the acknowledgment of any
deed, contract, bond, or power of attorney,
concerning lands in the District of Columbia,
hereafter made before one justice of the peace
Chap. XXXII.—An Act to extend the time
for the completion of the Lateral Branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad, au-
thorized by the Act approved February fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to
change the location in the City of Washing-
ton along the bank of the Canal.
Whereas a charter was granted by an act of
Congress, approved February fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, giving to the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company the
privilege of constructing a lateral branch of
their railroad into the District of Columbia and
the city of Washington; and whereas under
the said act the time for the completion of said
lateral branch was within four years from the
passage of the act, and as the work on the
line of the road within the city of Washington
is very heavy and will consume a long time in
its construction; and whereas the work has
already been delayed in submitting the plans
and location to Congress for their approval:
Therefore,
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the seventh section
of the act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad into and within
the District of Columbia be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and the time for the com-
pletion of the said lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad be, and the same
is hereby, extended to the first day of Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and seventy-five.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,_ That the
said company, if it shall so elect, is hereby
authorized to adopt a line in the city of Wash-
ington from some point west of east Fourth
street, in the line designated in the act of Con-
gress approved March eighteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, as passing along south K
street, thence crossing to and passing along
the south bank of the canal, to south Capitol
street, and thence northwestwardly to Virginia
avenue, there intersecting and passing along
the line described in said act approved Maicli
eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, as
passing along Virginia avenue northwest-
wardly to the intersection of south C and west
Ninth street.
Approved, March 2o, 1870.
Ciiap. XXXIII.—An Act to Incorporate the
Washington Mail Steamboat Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That Charles Spear, Paul
Stevens,W. II. Tenuey,William L. Wall, Wil-
liam H. Philp, George H. Plant, J. L. Savage,
D. C. Forney, H. Kilbourne, S. P. Brown,
Alexander Kay, A. II. Herr, John Pearson,
and their associates and successors, or a ma-
jority of them, are hereby created and consti-
tuted a body politic and corporate, by the name
and style of the Washington Mail Steamboat
Company.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall not be less
than two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
nor more than five hundred thousand dollars,
to be divided into shares of one hundred dol-
lars each. And each corporator shall be indi-
vidually liable, during the time he is a stock-
holder, for all debts of the company, to the
amount of his stock therein, and tor one year
after any transfer of the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said
company is authorized and empowered to
establish and run a line or lines of steamers
between the cities of Washington and Norfolk
and other ports.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That said
company is also authorized to buy, build, char-
ter, or rnn steamers, and to purchase, hold,
and grant such real, personal, or mixed estate
as may be necessary to carry into effect the
purposes of this act, aDd to build all necessary
docks, wharves, and buildings thereon for their
own use; may transport passengers and freight
of every description, subject to the rules and
regulations and laws of the United States; may
sue and be sued; may have a common seal;
and generally may have and possess the rights
and privileges usually possessed by similar
corporations, or granted under this act, and
may issue bonds of the denomination of not
less than one hundred dollars, in an amount
not exceeding one half of the capital stock of
said company.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of said company shall be managed by
such officers as the stockholders in general
meeting shall elect, and sueh agents as may
be appointed by the board of directors. The
persons named in the first section of this act,
or a majority of them, may call a meeting of
the stockholders for the purpose of organizing
said company at such time and place in the
city of Washington as they may determine
upon, after advertising the time and place of
such meelingfor ten daysin one or more news-
papers published in the city of Washington.
The officers of said company, once elected,
shall hold their offices for one year, or until
their successors are chosen.
Sec. 0. Andbeit further enacted, That the
board of directors may make all necessary
rules and by-laws for the issuing and transfer
of the stock and general management of the
business of said company.
Sec. 7. And be il further enacted, That this
act shall be enforced from the passage thereof.
Seu. 8. Andbeit further enae'ed, That Con-
gress may at any time hereafter alter, amend,
or repeal this act.
Approved, March 25, 1S70.
Cnu\ XXXIV.—-An Act. to Incorporate the
Washington General Hospital and Asylum
of the District of Columbia.
Be il enacted by the Senaleand House of Rep-
resentatives of the Untied SMes of America in
Congress assembled, That Silas L. Loomis,
Bobert lieyburn, Harvey Lindsly, Byron Sun-
derland, O. O. Howard, Sayles J. Bowen, D.
W. Anderson, Lewis Clephane, Geo. A. Bal-
loch, Lafayette C. Loomis, Joseph T. John-
son, S. P. Brown, and Charles S. English,
their associates and successors, are hereby
made, declared, and constituted a corporation
and body-politic, in law and in fact, under the
name and style of the Washington General
Hospital and Asylum of the District of Co-
lumbia; and by that name they shall be, and
are hereby, made capable in law to prose-
cute and defend suits before all proper courts
and tribunals ; to have a common seal, the
same to break, alter, and renew at pleasure ;
to purchase, lease, receive, hold, improve,
possess, and enjoy, and the same to sell, grant,
demise, and dispose of, personal and real
property, as they may deem for the best inter-
est and welfare of the hospital; to have full
power and right to make and ordain all by-
laws for the government of said corporation
and hospital not inconsistent with the laws of
the United States ; and to have and enjoy full
power and all the right of opening and keep-
ing a hospital and asylum in the District of
Columbia for the care of sick, wounded,^ and
invalid persons and children : Provided, lhat
