4486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
My friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,]
in the exuberance of his rhetoric, in the per-
oration of his address last evening told us that
the Cuban insurrection has no towns; that it
has been driven from the towns and from the
sea-coast, and, like some of the Scottish chief-
tains, has fled to the mountains, and is now
carrying on the battle in the clefts of the rocks.
Well, sir. what a nation that would be to rec-
ognize, a nation- in the cleft of a rock!
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust I
may be allowed five minutes more.
Mr. BENTON. I move that the time of the
gentleman be extended for five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
wish that time to notice one topic which has
been very much misrepresented. I have here
halt' a dozen Cuban bonds of $500 each, more
or less, which were taken from the pockets of
different newspaper reporters—for what pur-
pose they were there you can easily imagine—
not by force, but by paying for them fifteen
cents on the dollar. Having got all of these
bonds 1 want, I am going to "bear the mar-
ket." [Laughter.] 1 propose from these very
bonds to show that there is no independent
Government in Cuba, and never has been.
Why, sir, the insurgents have not a Govern-
ment iu Cuba strong enough to issue a bond ;
and that can be done by about the weakest
Government on earth. Let me read the lan-
guage of one of these bonds. The face of the
bond is in Spanish ; but for fear that those into
whose hands the bonds would pass might not
understand Spanish, the contract is translated
on the back. Those who got up these bonds
could not have counted on a very large circu-
lation of them among members of Congress,
because we all understand Spanish. [Laugh-
ter.] The translation on the back of these
bonds reads thus:
"Tho republic of Cuba, through Jose Morales
Lemus, president of tho Central liopublioan Junta
of Cuba and Porto Rico, iicling under special author-
ity, hereby acknowledges itself bound to tho bearer
in the sum of $500, vrit'u interest at the rate of seven
per cent, per annn m from the date hereof; said in-
terest to bo paid at the dates and upon tho coiiditioi.s
following, namely, after the ratification of a treaty
of peace between tho Government of Spam and the
republic of Cuba; or after the overthrow of the
authority of tho Spanish Government in tho island
of Cuba, or after the recognition by the Government
of the United States of America of the political inde-
pendence of tho island of Cuba," &o.
In other words, and this is what the President
so properly animadverts upon iu his message
to us, these men come into this country and
issue these bonds, every one of which is abet
on the action of this Government. The Presi-
dent does not say or intimate that gentlemen
here have been influenced by them, but com-
plains that a pretended government should
have issued tliem. I am sure no member of
this House has been so influenced. My col-
league [Mr. Bakes] was long since known as
an old triend of Cuba along with me; and wo
are not the kind of men to whom they give
bonds to influence our action.
Mr. BANKS. I am sorry you did not keep
up with me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
I could not do that, I agree. You go too fast
and too far.
Again, my gallant friend from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] was an old friend of Cuba; aud no
man ever approached him with bonds or ever
thought of it. They never approach with such
bonds as these a man who knows anything.
But, sir, has anybody received any of these
bonds ? I propose not to t-alk about any testi-
mony in the committee, but I have within my
knowledge evidence which enables me to assert
us a fact that §2,000,000 of these bonds were
last September put into the hands of the Peru-
vian minister upon a contract that they were j
to be paid over to a lobby agent if he would
procure from the President a recognition of
the belligerency of Cuba. That failing, and
the attempt was pressed in every way, tiie
same $2,000,000 or another $2,000,000^ of
bonds was, on the 8th of December, deposited
in the Union Safe Deposit Company in a sealed
package, under the hand of Francisso Fesser,
the treasurer of Cuba, and another lobby agent
of this city, who will be hereafter compelled
to answer upon this question ; and those bonds
were so deposited for the purpose of influenc-
ing the decision of this House. That deposit
was not taken out until the investigation on
the subject was undertaken by this House.
No man has received any of these bonds!
Let me show why, for I desire to exhibit the
facts for tho benefit of the country. Although
that man who said ho '• bought and sold us
like sheep'' was found with $20,000 of these
bonds in his pocket, no present member of
Congress ever received any! When one or
two attempts to place these bonds were made
upon members of Congress the men who made
such attempts were treated exactly as they
should have been. They were ordered to get
out with their stuff, or they would be sent to
the bottom of the stairs.
I find nothing to complain of in the action
of my associates in this behalf. What I do
complain of is this ill-advised action of the
Cuban junta in employing scalawags, lobbyists,
and shysters around this Capitol to put us in
such a position that every member who votes
upon the question of Cuba must do so with a
bet dependent on the result of liis vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
message I'ltOM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
ono of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 438) granting lands
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the State of Florida, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
insisted oti its amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 502) to amend'an act granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Stewart, Mr. Cole, and
Mr. Casseiily to be the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
cuba.
The House resumed the consideration of the
reports in relation to the contest in Cuba.
Mr. BANKS. In the arrangement that was
madeyesterday, that debate should go on to-day
under the operation of the previous question,
it was understood that as the organ of the com-
mittee I should have an hour before the vote
was taken. I now rise to close debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that in the first
place I shall be allowed to enter my motion
to reconsider and have a vote on it.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should now
adjourn, what would be the effect of the adjourn-
ment as regards the subject now before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the order made by the House yesterday as it is
entered on the Journal.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Ordered, That the further consideration of the
said jointresolution, and tho amendment? submitted
thereto, be postponed until to morrow after the bill
of tho Scnato (S.No. 378) shall have been disposed
of, and that the remainder of the day shall be set
apart for its consideration, and the voto taken as
though the main question had been ordered.''
The SPEAKER. That order involves the
necessity of taking the vote to-day, for coupled
with that arrangement was the arrangement
made by unanimous consent that two morning
hours shall be given to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad to-morrow. It is therefore
except by unanimous consent, necessary that
the vote should be taken to-day.
Mr. CULLOM. I think there would be no
objection to let it go over till to-morrow.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. BANKS. Under the ruling of theChair
I shall be obliged to ask a vote of the House
to-night. Of the hour to which I am entitled
I propose to take only twenty-five or thirty
minutes, if the House will give me its atten-
tion for that time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman
whether he yields to me to offer my amend-
ment to be voted upon.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot under these cir-
cumstances.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] is entitled to the floor,
having risen in the exercise of his right to close
debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
take a recess.
The SPEAKER. It is the absolute right
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it not in order to move to
take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts yields for that pur-
pose. Does the gentleman from Massachusetts
so yield?
Mr. BANKS. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
to ask the indulgence of the House while L
made a few remarks on this question. Till now
the floor has been occupied only through the
right of the gentlemen who are members of the
committee. I have no desire to address the
House, impatient as I know members are at
this moment; but I ask my colleague [Mr.
Banks] why he will not consent to a recess
until half past seven o'clock?
Mr. BANKS. Because members of the
House object to it, and the evening is not a
proper time for taking the vote upon an im-
portant question like this.
Mr. DAWES. I see no objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire also to be heard
upon this question.
Mr. DAWES. Will not my colleague take
the sense of the House upon the question of
taking a recess ?
Mr. BANKS. I must decline to do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor for any purpose whatever. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I submit to my colleague
[Mr. Banks] that to confine this debate en-
tirely to members of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs is hardly right.
Mr. BANKS. That is not my fault. If the '
House is willing to have this subject go over
until to-morrow I will not object.
^ Mr. CULLOM. Will not the gentleman
yield to his colleague [Mr. Dawes] a portion
of his hour?
Mr. BANKS. At this late hour I cannot
farm out my time.
Mr. COX. ^I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. COX. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
has tho floor under the rule, according to the
agreement made yesterday, and other gentle-
men are continually interrupting him.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair is undei the
impression that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] can assert his own right to
the floor. B
Mr. COX. Of course he can; and we kavtf
tiie right to insist that he shall go on.
Mr. IvELLEY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] lhat
he now yield to a motion to adjourn, with tim
understanding that the vote shall be taktu on
this question to-morrow at one o'clock.
