5430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, andpassed.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill
for the relief of purchasers of lands sold for
direct taxes in the insurrectionary States."
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. (519) to extend the
time for presenting claims for additional boun-
ties without amendment.
soldiers' monuments.
Mr. THAYER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
510, granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to Colum-
bus, Nebraska.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to strike out
the proviso which allows the company to go
outside the limits of the grant to make up deli-
ciencies.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the Senator from
Nebraska has got his bill up, I wish to appeal
to him, as a soldier and a Rhode Islander, for
he is fully the one and half the other, [laughter, J
to allow me to pass a bill giving four con-
demned mortars for a soldiers' monument,
which will be completed before the next session
of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a general bill
on that subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want this special bill
to go through now. The Senator from Nebraska
is kind enough to consent, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The general bill
on this subject has been rejected by the House
of Representatives.
Mr. THAYER. It is very difficult to resist
an appeal by the Senator from Rhode Island.
I will yield to his bill if it 2'ves rise to no
debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 215.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) grant-
ing condemned ordnance for asoldiers' monu-
ment at Providence, Rhode Island. It author-
izes the Secretary of War to deliver to the
Governor of Rhode Island four condemned
mortars, to be used in the erection of asoldiers'
monument, at Providence, in that State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin*,] which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
^Aud be it fai titer resolved, That the Secretary of
Vvrar be, and he is hereby, authorized to deliver to
the municipal authorities of Bucksport, in the State
ot Maine, tour condemnedironcannon undonehiui-
dred shot or shell, to be used in the erection of a
soldier's monument at that, pliee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was oidered
tr> be engrossed for a third reading, was read
th« third t.ime^andpassed. Its titlewasamended
so as to read: l'A joint resolution granting
condemned ordnance for asoldiers' monument
at Providence, Rhode island, and at ,Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine,"
REMOVAL or CAUSES l'ROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend
from Nebraska to let me call up a little bill
that has been reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the removal of certain causes from
State courts to the United States courts, the
passage of which is very necessary with regard
to the southern States. It is a very simple bill.
_ Mr. THAYER. Will it lead to any discus-
sion?
. Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought not to, but I can-
not tell.
Mr. THAYER. I can have my bill disposed
of in a few minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend to
let this bill be taken up. That is all I can say.
Mr. THAYER. It is impossible for me to
resist the appeal of my friend from Vermont.
I will yield the floor, or at least consent to my
bill being laid aside informally for that pur-
pose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all I ask.
Mr. THAYER. But I hope that no other
Senator will make a similar appeal to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I join in that request.
[Laughter.] I move to take up Senate bill
No. 844.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 844)
for the removal of causes in certain cases from
the State courts to the United States courts,
and for other .purposes, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that whenever any civil
or criminal suit (whether commenced before
or after the passage of the act) may be pending
in any court of any State against any person,
in which suit such person shall intend to make
any defense based upon the authority of any
law of the United States, or upon the authority
of any Department of the Government thereof,
or upon the authority of any officer acting
under any such law or Department, or upon
any right exercised under, or title held in
behalf of the United States, such person may
at any time before the final trial of such suit,
in person or by his attorney, file a petition,
stating the fact of such intention to make
defense in this way, and its general tenor, veri-
fied by affidavit, and praying for the removal
of such suit for trial into the circuit court of
the United States for the district in which it
may be pending; and thereupon, upon the
offering by or in behalf of such person of suf-
ficient surety for his filing in such circuit court
at its then existing term, or on the first day of
its next term, copies of the process and plead-
ings in such suit, and also for his appearing in
such court and entering special bail, if special
bail was originally given therein, it shall be the
duty of such State court to accept the surety
and proceed no further with the suit, and the
bail that shall have been originally taken shall
be discharged. Such copies beiug filed in the
circuit court, the suit shall proceed therein in
all things as provided in and subject to all the
provisions of section five of the act of Congress
approved March 3, 18G3, entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases." If any such
State court shall neglect or refuse to carry out
the provisions of the act, every such suit may
be removed to the circuit court by writ of cer-
tiorari issuing out of the circuit court, in the
manner provided by the third section of the act
of Congress approved March 2, 1833, entitled
"An act further to provide for the collection
of duties on imports." The provisions of the
fifth section of act of March 3, 18C3, relating
to appeals and writs of error from such State
court, shall apply and extend to all cases tried
in such State court in which a defense shall
have been set up, or relied upon, based upon
any of the matters mentioned in the present
act; and any suit so described, and in which
final judgment shall be rendered in the circuit
court of the United States, may be carried by
writ of error to the Supreme Court without
regard to the amount in controversy. If any
officer under the United States shall be unlaw-
fully impeded or hindered in the performance
of his official duty, or shall be unlawfully as-
saulted or beaten while engaged in the per-
formance of his official duty, he shall be entitled
to sue thereforin the circuit court of the United
States in the district' in which such cause of
action shall have arisen, or in which the de-
fendant in such action shall reside or may be
found, if the damages claimed thereforin good
faith shall be $500 or upward. If any person
shall willfully and unlawfully impede, hinder,
assault, or beat any officer under the United
States, while in the performance of his official
duty, every such person so offending shall, on
conviction, be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing $5,000 and by imprisonment not exceeding
five years ; and if the death of any such officer
shall happen from any such assault or battery,
the person guilty of such assault or battery shall
be deemed and held guilty of murder, and
shall, on conviction thereof, suffer death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF GENERAL RAWLINS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Iappealtothe Sen-
ator from Nebraska to allow me to introduce a
joint resolution, and to put it on its passage
now.
Mr. THAYER. I will hear what it is; but
I beg to remind the Senator that we are ap-
proaahing twelve o'clock, and I do not wish to
lose my bill.
Mr.. BUCKINGHAM. It is a resolution
directing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the President certain bronze ord-
nance to aid in the erection of a statue of
General John A. Rawlins.
Mr. THAYER. The late Secretary of War ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Then I ask leave to
introduce the joint resolution ; and I hope that
it will be put on its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 247)
directing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the President certain bronze ord-
nance to aid the erection of an equestrian statue
of General John A. Rawlins; which was read
three times, and passed. The preamble recites
that it is in contemplation to erect a 'suitable
bronze equestrian monument to perpetuate the
memory of the distinguished deeds of valor
and patriotism of the late honored Secretary of
War, General John A. Rawlins, after the like-
ness of that taken in plaster from the face of
the deceased, and that a donation on the part
of the Government, of such bronze ordnance
as may have been used or captured in the en-
gagements in which the deceased participated,
and which may be no longer useful, would
greatly aid in the erection of the same. The
resolution, therefore, directs the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the President
of the United States such bronze ordnance as
may be no longer useful, to be by him contrib-
uted aud applied to the furtherance and com-
pletion of the monument in bronze, and such
number thereof as may be required in the exe-
cution of the work, are to be given by him when
the plaster model for the statue shall have been
completed. The monument, when completed,
is to be erected uponsuch public grounds in the
city ofWashington as may be hereafter desig-
nated by the joint Library Committee of Con-
gress, and the title to the same is to be vested
in the United States.
SIOUX CITY AND COLUMBUS RAILROAD.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to ask the indul-
gence of the Senator for one moment only.
He is in excellent humor, and I know he will
grant it. I desire to call up House joint reso-
lution No. 154, making some compensation to
the widow of a deceased officer of the Navy.
It will only take q, moment.
Mr, THAYEIi. J li^ye ftire&dy yielded to
