342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
siderable sura. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions hag stated the amount paid out
for fees of claim agents to be nearly a million
dollars at each semi-annual payment of pen-
sions. I think that is rather a large estimate;
but certainly for some years past these fees have
reached, more than a million dollars annually.
My proposition is that these pensions should
be paid either by the assistant assessors or
deputy collectors of internal revenue, located
as they are ito every county in each State and
Territory of the United States, or through the
money-order post offices of the United States,
and the object is to bring the officers who pay
pensions within the reach of every pensioner,
instead of as now requiring the pensioner to
come or send long distances to the officers for
the payment of their pensions.
Now_, it is certainly practicable to secure an
officer in every_ county of the United States to
pay these pensions. Ilere is a class of officers
already located in every county, the assistant
assessors and deputy collectors, and in every
county^ almost there is a money-order post
•office, in many of them more than one. lam
not particular whether these payments should
bo made by assessors or collectors, or by post-
masters, or by some other agency, but through
some one of these classes of officers it is man-
ifestly practicable to make these payments.
I know that this_ proposition involves the
necessity of abolishing the fifty-nine pension
agencies; but it will be a matter of economy
lo abolish them and to substitute for these
pension agents the officers I propose. We can
devolve upon the assessors and collectors and
postmasters the duty of paying pensions with-
out any additional compensation. It will be
no great burden to them ; for in each county
there will not be the payment of more than an
average of one hundredpensioners. The duty,
therefore, will be comparatively light; but if a
small compensation were allowed—say of $100
to the officer paying pensions in each county-
it would be a reduction by more than one half
ot the expense now incurred in the payment
ot pensions.
Besides this, the proposed system would be
much more for the convenience of the pen-
sioners. _ It would also furnish the best means
fra,?ds, because the officers clothed
with the duty of paying pensions in each county
would have a local knowledge of the pension-
cis, would know the justice of their claims, and
wou id be 111 the best possible condition to detect
frauds when any were attempted.
I hold further, Mr. Speaker, that it is our
duty to provide for the payment of these pen-
sioners without any tax upon them in the shape
of fees, without any exaction from the pension- I
ers as a preliminary to the payment of their '
pensions. Under the existing law it is pro-
vided that the fifty-nine pension agents mav
charge forty cents every six months, or eighty
cents a year, on each pensioner. There are
now two hundred and thirteen thousand pen-
sioners on the roli. I think we ought not to
exact Iroiu these crippled soldiers, from sol-
ftfvl wldow| an<i orphans and dependent rel- I
atives, any fee whatever to enable them to
oTrlt rr pen810,ns- Jfc is very little short i
tw a s of t>ersons f™>  whom !
there ought to be no exaction whatever. [
miHe??Jl biU rePortedfrom the com- ;
th ■ ifJill ^;mpr°Ve-ment on the listing law : !
rot disp.®?s?,m some measure, though |l
not entirely, with the necessity of emoloyin/.- 1
claim agents or attorneys, through who^ p^ |!
sions.have, perhaps, generally been paid. Hut II
while we are making a reform why not make i!
comDlete"?^Th 1 borough, and If
nySl lf This bill proposes to continue this i:
exaction of eighty cents a year from every "
pensioner. I concede that the sum is smalL
but why exact even that small amount ? There
Jhk°r ™ HPersons having claims upon
Inv go™™®*?'from whom by law we exact
5forobi'awing their just dues except the
pensioners, and they are the very last per-
sons from whom such an exaction should be
made.
Mr. LOGAN. There is one thing 1 want to
understand about this, and I do so in the inter-
est of thepensioners, in whom I think I feel
as much interest as any gentleman here. I
would ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrenc e] this question: if you dispense with
the fee allowed to the pension agent for making
out the voucher, and at the same time the
pension agent is not compelled to make it out,
will the pensioner not have to employ some
attorney who will charge very much more than
he would have to pay under the existing system?
Instead of paying forty cents every six months
will he not have to pay au attorney some five
or ten dollars fordoing the same thing?
Mr. LAWRENCE. If we continue the sys-
tem of pension agents I would require them to
prepare the vouchers without any fee at all,
and would thus relieve every pensioner from
the payment of a fee. If the pension agents
are not already sufficiently compensated by the
commission to which they are entitled by law
I would increase their compensation. At the
same time I beg to state that the average com-
pensation and fees now paid to the pension
agents will average to each nearly seven thou-
sand six hundred dollars a year. I know that
includes their clerk hire and office rent.
Mr. LOGAN. That includes the vouchers.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, it includes the
vouchers. But I say that if, without the
voucher fees, their compensation is not suffi-
cient, and we continue the system of paying
through pension agents, and if justice requires
an increase of their compensation, I would
increase it rather than make any exaction from
the pensioners. But the object of the motion
which I have made to refer this bill back to
the committee is that the committee may devise
a system under which payments will be made
in every county without fees from pensioners
and without the intervention of claim agents'.
Now, with fifty-nine pension agents the pen-
sioners must go or send, in a majority of cases,
from fifty to a hundred miles, and frequently
a greater distance. Why shall we continue to
put tuem to that great inconvenience and ex-
pense? Whynot, when we have officers located
m every county in the United States, provide
for payments in every county? That ia the
object I have in view, and I hope that the mo-
tion which I have made will prevail. It ia at
least worthy of consideration. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that if we shall do what my motion
contemplates we will enact a law which will
meet with the approval of the people of the
,, United States and which will entitle us to the
I 2r^Jtu"e of'^ery pensioner in the countrv.
I .,.^F- CREBS. I would ask the gentleman
| u it is not true that under the present pension
law the pension agent receives eighty cents for
preparing the vouchers; and is it not also true
that the pensioners have to employ lawyers at
an additional expense to do the same thing?
fr' n'-'uWRENCE. Certainly; that is cor-
rect. ihat is, as a general rule the pension
agents prepare the vouchers, and the business
ot forwarding them, receiving checks for pay-
ment, and delivering these over to the pen-
sioners is done through claim agents who are
paid tor their services. My system con tem-
plates payments without expense or the agency j
lawyers or claim agents, and without the !
exaction of any fees from pensioners. I insist 1
upon a plan by which we can cut down more
than one half the expenses now paid by the
Government. It is a system not only of justice
to the pensioner, but of retrenchment and
ecmiomy to the Government. If we pass this
bill it will be impossible to relieve pensioners
of the fees of claim agents. These agents will
continue to be a necessity because of the great -
distance of the pension agents from the pen- 1
sioners. Th.s can only be relieved by payment I
in every county. In the remarks whieh'l had i
the honor to submit to the House on the 22d I
or December last I gave the figures showing !
the cost of the present system to the Govern-
ment and to pensiouers, and if any gentleman
is curious to see them I refer him to the Globe
of the 23d of December.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to make one
correction in what the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] said in answer to my col-
league, [Mr. Crebs,] and that was that the pen-
sioner is compelled to employ an attorney and
also to pay eighty cents to the pension agent.
That is a mistake.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The law does not compel
it, but iu nine cases out of ten they do employ
lawyers or claim agents; and thus pensioners
do of necessity pay their fees and those of pen-
sion agents. The bill reported by the commit-
tee, I understand, is approved by a convention
of pension agents, as well it might be, since it
will secure to them fees for every pensioner,
which they do not now get in every case. Now
the practice is in almost every case for the pen-
sioner to employ and pay a claim agent.
Mr. LOGAN. He is not required to do it at
all j and if he does it it only shows that he is a,
very foolish man, because the pension agent
himself makes out a voucher which in itself is
complete, and the pensioner upon that voucher
can draw his money without the aid of any
attorney or agent as an intermediate person
between the pension agent and the pensioner.
I am speaking of the present law.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE. Under the law there
is no requisition, nothing making it imperative
to employ a lawyer ; but, as a matter of fact,
everybody knows that in a large majority of
cases the payment is made through the agency
of a lawyer or claim agent.
Mr. LOGAN. The law does not require it.
Ihat is only the case when the pensioner him-
self desires it. He can do without a lawyer,
and a great deal better sometimes than with
one.
Mr. CREBS. That is true.
• LAWRENCE. If you locate a disburs-
ing omcer in every county the pensioners will
then come to the disbursing officer, and there
will be no necessity for the employment of a
claim agent or attorney; and it is just because
1 want to relieve the pensioners from that
expense, and for other reasons stated, that I
desire to see the system I have suggested estab-
lished.
The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] and the two gentlemen
trom Illinois [Mr. Crebs and Mr. Logan! arc
m error in regard to the manner of preparing
these vouchers and paying the pensions. The
law does not require the pension agent now to
prepare the vouchers at all; but in order that,
the pensioner may get his money he must send
or go to the pension agent with his vouchors
prepared. 1 he pensiou agent is authorized to
piepare it and is authorized to receive from him
a certain fee for preparing it. That duty is not
imposed upon him at all by law. But if he acts
as the medium between the Treasury and the
pensi°ner he is ailowed to collect a fee for it.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me a moment.
^•r- BENJAMIN. Very well.
♦i, V ? ,' * nofc think I am mistaken,
though the gentleman says so. I said that there
as no intermediate person between the pen-
sion agent and the pensioner, and that the
Pre?ared by the pension agent,
for which he receives a fee.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. The voucher may be
! y pension agent or by any other
■ jjcxson#
j Mr. LOGAN. But the pension agent may
?rm'tJTnAmre does he sets a fee.
r/ / I Certainly. The usual
ee under the present law for preparing fhe
voucher vanes from fifty cents to one dollar,
some agents charging more and others charg-
ing less. 1 he average fee, I apprehend, will be
about seventy-live cents, which the pension
vouch" m even'' that they prepare the
But very few of these vouchers are prepared
