THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
postmasters, and if you please the examining
surgeons, located in every county.
Then the gentleman says wo will make each
one of these local officers a disbursing agent.
Not so. I would not put a dollar in their
hands. I would have the Commissioner of
Pensions draw a check payable to the order of
the pensioner, and to be delivered to the pen-
sioner- in person. These officers, therefore,
would not, as disbursing agents, handle a dollar
of money. Millions of bounties to soldiers
were paid out in this way. It is a mode of
payment now generally adopted by the Govern-
ment, and so it may be as to pensions. The
postmaster could deliver checks in his county,
where he would know who was entitled to them
and could not be imposed upon by fraudulent
personations. He would be in a position to
certify to the Commissioner of Pensions every
change of residence, every case of marriage,
every case of death; everything of that sort.
All this can be provided for, ana you will have
the amplest safeguard against fraud that you
possibly can have. The pension agents now
can have no personal knowledge of pensioners.
They are very liable to be imposed on by false
personations and other frauds.
What can the pension agents now know about
any of the facts essential to protect the Gov-
ernment or the pensioners? There are but
two of them in Ohio, and they cannot have the
necessary local knowledge. While the law
gives them a commission on the sums they pay
out, as is justly said by the Secretary of the
Interior in his last annual report, you make it
the interest of these agents not to detect cases
of fraud; for if you cut down tho number of
pensioners and the amounts paid you cut down
also tho commissions to the agents.
I would devolve the duty upon the officers
of a county without any additional compensa-
tion. But if they were paid for their services
one half the sum now paid in commissions to
pension agents it would afford a compensation
i'or which competent officers in every county
would gladly perform the duties. And this plan
would save to the Government twice over the
amount of all expenses by preventing frauds.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that to devolve
this duty on tho postmasters would be still
more objectionable than to throw it on the
other classes of officers. We all know very
well what are tho qualifications of a great many
of tho cross-roads postmasters throughout tho
country. Wo all know very well that all the
bond they liavo given to the Government is but
for one or two hundred dollars, while underthe
plan of the gentleman from Ohio they might be
required to disburse $50,000.
Mr. FAUNS WOIITH. Not tho cross-roads
postmasters.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. LawrexceJ to say that
he desired to have the duty put upon the post-
masters.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Upon one in each county
where there is a money-order office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are not money-
order offices m every county of the United
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is very nearly one
for every county. There are two thousand
money-order offices in the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That comes a good deal
short of being one for each county. And the
gentleman knows very well that if you pay this
out of the post office fund, if you pay it through
the money-order offices, it will require a larger
amount of money than the whole post office
revenues of the country.
■ Will the gentleman
yield to me for a single word ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot yield to the
gentleman at this point. Then the gentleman
knows very well that if ho increases the duty
of these postmasters he will also have to in-
crease their compensation. As regards the
news expressed by the Department of the
interior, I will state that I ara informed by the
Commissioner of Pensions that after consulta-
tion the scheme is there regarded as wholly
impracticable and impossible to bo carried out.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire just to say one
word.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot yield at present.
For evidence of the truth of wljat I have
just stated I refer the gentleman to the Com-
missioner of Pensions himself, with whom he
can settle that matter. Snch, at all events,
the Commissioner of Pensions informs me is
the result of consultation in the Department.
The matter has been under consideration there
since a bill was introduced into the House at
the commencement of this session looking to
the accomplishment of what the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawbeme] proposes. I now
yield to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PETERS. If I understand rightly the
state of matters there are two propositions
before the House, the one submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawren-ce] and
the other by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.] 1 like the idea contemplated
by the amendmentof the gentleman from Ohio,
but I do not like the machinery he proposes
to carry it out. The same idea in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee I do
like, and I hope it will meet the approval of
the House. Its object is this : so to amend
the fourth section that neither the pension
agent nor any other person shall receive any
pay for what has to be done in pursuance of
this bill under a penalty.
Mr. Speaker, I like that provision, and I
will state the reason that controls my mind in
relation to it. I know that there are deep and
damnable frauds committed upon the poor
pensioners, and particularly they lose a good
deal and are made the victims of exactions by
the agent or the attorney in advancing money
and lending it at extortionate rates of interest,
the pensioner being a poor man, and being
generally in want of his money before the
time arrives when he is legally entitled to it.
I have had them come to me as an attorney-
at-law and offer me half the amount if I would
advance the other half in cash.
Now, sir, if you take from the agent and
take from any other person any power to col-
lect any foes, you will go a great way toward
removing all temptation; they will have no
motive to do business for the pensioners; the
claims agent or attorney who keeps these pa-
pers on his own files, who advances money,
and who takes these great rates, if he cannot
receive any fee for collecting the pension, will
have little temptation to attempt these exac-
tions, and the pensioner will have very little
motive in going to him to allow these exac-
tions.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me snggest to the
gentleman that if you adopt the plan which I
propose, of paying in every county, you can
provide for the payment of pensions quarterly
or once in every period of two months, and
avoid the very evils which the gentleman has
so well described.
Mr. PETERS. I have said that I like the
idea embodied in the gentleman's amendment,
but I do not approve of his machinery as well
as I do tho machinery of this bill, if it shall be
amended as the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] proposes.
Now, a word more, with the consent of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Besjahin.] It
is said that it would be taking a compensation
from the agent which lie ought to have. I
understood the gentleman from Missouri to say
a moment ago that very few of these vouchers
are made out by the pension agents themselves
iu the present state of things. They have a
commission on the money disbursed by them.
If that is not enough give them more commis-
sion in addition to the sum which we pay the
pensioners. I am willing to pay the expenses
of safely carrying to the pensioners the poor
pittance which the country has given them for
the services which they and theirs have per- i
formed. I can only say that these offices
(pension agencies) are generally very much
sought after. I know that in my section
of the country they are most excellently paid.
But if they are not sufficiently paid let us raise
the pay in a direct, honest, and reasonable
manner by increasing the commission, rather
than to set before them and through them
and outside of them before others a continual
temptation to rob the pensioners.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am satisfied that, the
question resolves itself into this: shall the pen-
sioner pay this little pittance of forty cents him-
self, or shall the Treasury of the United States
pay it?
Mr. PETERS. I would ask the gentleman
this question: when you make the pensioner
pay this small pittance does it not ensnare him
into the temptation of paying a great deal more
than this pittance to others? That is the point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By no means. This bill
provides that no voucher shall be paid at all
except the voucher prepared by the pension
agent. The pension agent has to prepare the
voucher in his office. That necessarily throws
large additional duties upon him. It neces-
sarily requires a large amount of additional
work to be performed in his office, for which
he has got to have an additional clerk; and in
some instances two or three additional clerks
will be needed to prepare the large number of
vouchers that must be prepared for all the
pensioners. That additional duty this bill im-
poses on the pension agent. He is not required
to do it now; but he is permitted to do it, and
if he does do it lie is authorized to receive
a fee.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I would ask the
gentleman if his bill contemplates that every
pensioner shall appear personally at the office
of the pension agent to receive his pension?
Mr. BENJAMIN. By no means. The bill
provides that, fifteen days preceding the 4th of
March or the 4th of September the pension
agent shall prepare and fill out in every par-
ticular all the vouchers ready for the signature
of the pensioner and transmit them by mail to
his address. ITe has under the present law the
name and address of every pensioner who is
payable at his agency. The pensioner, on re-i
ceiving the voucher at his place of residence, is',
to attach to it his signature and subscribe the
affidavits required before an officer there quali-
fied to administer oaths, and send it back to
the pension agent by mail; upon its receipt
by the pension agent, properly subscribed and
witnessed according to the law and the con-
structions of thelntenor Department, then the
pension agent is to draw his check in favor of
the pensioner and transmit it to him. The
pensioner need not go out of his house in
order to obtain his money. It is sent to his
door or to the nearest post office.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I desire to ask
the gentleman if this voucher that he speaks of
doesnotconsist, man essential part, ofacorrect
copy of the pension certificate which each pen-
sioner has in his possession? And if that
question be answered in the affirmative, as I
know it must be, then I would ask will not this
system require the pension agent to keep in his
possession all these pension certificates? If
not, how is he going to copy tho papers he pre-
pares ?
Mr. BEN J AMIN. Precisely as he does under
the existing law; the pension agent can earr}'
out the provisions of this bill now if he chooses
to do so and the pensioner permits it to be done.
There is nothing in the present law prohibiting
the pension agent from paying pensions as this
bill requires ; the trouble is that the sharks
prowling around the country induce the pen-
sioner to beWeve that without their valuable
assistance in the matter he will not get his
pension at all. and they get fees from the pen-
sioners varying from one to fifteen dollars;
now we amend the law in this respect: we say
that the pension agent shall do this work and
he must be paid for it; it is very clear.
