5432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
successors or assigns having, or receiving the"benefit
of tKis grant, in like manner for a like number; and
when certificates of thecompietionof additional sec-
tions of ten consecutive miles of said road are from
time to time made as aforesaid, additional sections
of lands shall be certified as aforesaid until said road
and branch are completed, w&en the remainder of
the lands here granted shall be certified to said road
for the uses aforesaid, arid for none other: Provided,
That if the said road is not completed within ten
years from the acceptance of this grant the said lands
hereby granted and not certified shall revert to the
United States.
And be it further enacted, That the lands granted by
this aot, except those speoified in section five, shall
,be sold to persons desiring to make actual settlement
"thereon'and improvement thereof, at such prices as
will secure to said company, its successors or assigns,
as aforesaid, an average price of not more than $2 50
per acre for the land actually cortiflcd for each com-
pleted section of ten miles of said,railroad; and to
insure an enforcement of this section it shall be the
duty of the company receiving the certificates from
the Secretary of the Interior, as aforesaid, for tho
lands granted in aid of the construction of the first
section ot ten miles of said railroad, and within one
year thereafter, to fix a price on each one hundred
and sixty acre tract described in said certificates, in
such manner as shall be directed by the Secretary of
the Interior, and at such rates that the average pi ice
of the whole amount certified shall not exceed t?2 50
per acre, and report the same to the Secretary of the
Interior, exposing a copy of such report to tho public
in the office of the secretary of such company and in
the district land office; and any person desiring to
actually settle ut>on and improve said land, or any
■Oovei'nment subdivision thereof, shall have the right
to purchase, at the price so fixed, any unsold parcel
of said land upon payment of said price; and on
payment therefor it shall bo the duty of the secre-
tary of euch company to make out duplicate certifi-
cates of the sale under the seal of tho company, send
one to the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the
other to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to issue to such purJ
chaser a patent for the land described in his certifi-
cate, as in cases of land sold by the United States.
And tho same form of proceeding shall be observed
with respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding completed scction
ot ten miles of the main line of said railroad: Pro-
vided, That no certificate of lands to such company
on any completed scctiou after the first shall be
made by tho Secretary ot the Interior until he shall
have received a report, as aforesaid, of the price
fixed on the land, certified for the next preceding
completed scction of said railroad: And provided
further, That any land embraced within the grant
made by this aet remaining unsold by the company
constructing said line for the period of three years
after the same shall have been certified by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as aforesaid, may be sold by
said company at any price not exceeding 50 per
acre.
Mr. THAYER. We accept the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OASSBRIjY. I have one more araend-
frient, which is a verbal alteration. Section
four, line six, after the word "the," to insert the
word "surveyed," and after the word "lands"
to insert "affected;" so as to read "to with-
draw from the market the surveyed lands
affected by this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In tliesecond section there
is a misprint. After the word "and" in the
fifth line the words " prescription laws" should
be " preemption laws ;" and I move to insert
after the word "laws" there the words " made
after the withdrawal of the lands by said Sec-
retary." I have consulted with the Senator
from Ohio, and he agrees with me that that is
the best form to put it in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer an amendment, to
cottle in as section six :
Andba it further enacted, That said company shall
at all times transport troops, munitions of war, and
public stores ot tholjnited States free of charge,
I will say one word on this amendment. I
can see no reason in the world why the United
States, after having bestowed upon these com-
panies shell immense donations, in most in-
stances quite sufficient to build the road, if not
to btiild and equip it, should be required to
pay for the transportation of troops, munitions
of war, and public stores. I think nothing in
the itorld is fairer than that these roads, thus
bailt out of the bounty of the Government,
should be used for such transportation, or
rather that the company itself should transport
the troops and stores of the Government. I
hope the amendment will be adopted, not only
on this, but on all bills of this kind that may
pass. Of course it is well known that I am
opposed to these land grants ; but if they are
to be made in spite of all opposition, let us at
least get what little consideration we can.'
Hr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in lieu of it:
That this road shall be free to tho use of the Gov-
ernment for the transportation of troops, munitions
of war, and public stores.
That is our usual provision, that the road
shall be free to the use of the Government
for the transportation of troops, public stores,
and munitions of war. The road is free for
their use, but then the Government have got
to find their own rolling stock and to do their
own work. That is the old form and the usual
form. Wo never have obliged the companies
to do this for nothing; but we make the road
free to the Government. They may put on
what they please and run what they choose
without any charge. That is the form which
was adopted in 1856, and has, to a great extent,
been kept up.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Kansas amounts
to just nothing at all. An Indian war breaks
out; transportation over this road may be
needed for the Government to send forward
its troops to put down that war; to send for-
ward its munitions of war, its public stores, to
put down that war—a war, perhaps, in the
Stale of Nebraska itself; and now what is the
use of saying to the Government that it can
have the free use of the road if it lias to pro-
vide the rolling stock? The troops may be
needed the next week in that quarter; they
may lie required to be sent over the week after
the road is built, or at any time upon a week's
notice or a day's notice; what chance has the
Government to build cars or buy cars and pro-
cure all the necessary employ6s and skillful
men to run railroad trains? That provision
amounts to nothing if the Government is com-
pelled to get the rolling stock. I know prac-
tically that it comes just to this, that the com-
pany will charge to the Government for the
rolling stock just as much as it sees fit to
charge, and the provision, therefore, will bo
worth nothing at all. No, sir; it is as little as
this company can do, if we give it such boun-
ties as are given, to transport the troops of the
United States and the munitions of war and
the public stores over the road ; and nine times
out of ten the very necessity for sending these
troops, these munitions of war, these public
stores, is the necessity of defending the road
itself. I hope the substitute offered by the
Senator from Kansas will not be adopted.
Mr. POME ROY. The substitute which I
have proposed is the only condition ever put on
anyroad yet. No road in the United States
was ever required to do more than put its road
at the disposition of the Government, and this
provision of the Senator from Ohio is entirely
new, and was never adopted in regard to any
road in this country.
Mr. THUTiMAN. In answer to that I have
to say that if it has not been done it is not too
late to do it. It is never too late to repent of
what is wrong and do what is right. As to the
Government taking possession of a road during
the war, did not the Government take posses-
sion of any road it pleased? l>id it not take
possession of some roads in my State? What
is the use of a provision that the Government
shall have the use of the road? It amounts to
nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment is not
confined to a time of war, but applies to any
time; von mav have it every day in the year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
both Senators have spoken twice on this prop-
osition. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Kansas to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Williams, Wilson, and Y tes--;S1.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Cameron, Casserly,
Cragin, Davis, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, J ohnston,
McCreery, Pratt, Sanlsbury, Sehurz, Stockton, ihur-
man. and Vickers—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cattell, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Howell,
Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton. Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Bevels, Robertson, Spencer,
Sprague, and Wiltey—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Lands report in favor of striking out
the preamble of the bill. The question is on
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JOHNSTON, Mr. STOCKTON, Mr.
SCHUR2, Mr. OSBORN, Air. KELLOGG,
and Mr. CASSERLY submitted amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
TAX BILL.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
some and non-concurred in other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill, and
had appointed Mr. Robert C. Schenck of
Ohio, Mr. William D. Kelley of Pennsylva-
nia, and Mr. James Brooks of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 20-13) to reduce i ntftnial taxes,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of .Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
llesolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
lloproseritatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on i lie part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice PreMdent
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr,
Sherman, Mr. JUoniiiL;, of Vermont, and Mr.
Hamilton of Muiyiand.
AMENDMENT OF HOLES.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the regular order
of business.
'lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is House bill granting a pension to
Mary Lincoln.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oiler the
following resolution :
lle&olord, That there shall be added to the stand-
ing rules ot the Senate, the following, as rule fifty-
four :
No amendment to, or substitute for any general
appropriation bill snail be held in order which is not
germane to the subject-matter of such bill; and on
any appeal from the decision of the Chair tne Ques-
tion snail be decided without debate.
lhe VICE PRESIDEN T. This will lie oven
Mr. WILSON. I ask my colleague to let
me put on its passage a joint resolution, unan-
imously reported from the Committee on Com-
merce. (S. K. No. 221,) relative to a harbor
ot refuge and breakwater at tho eutrauee of
the Cape Cod ship-canal. .
