2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April Id,
oppose the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.], The trouble with
the New England manufacturers of Brussels
carpets is not on account of the duties on those
goods, but ja on account of the prohibitory duty
on the finer wool. The duly on Leicester and
other combed wools ranges from SO to 00 per
ceut. ad valorem; and these Leicesterand other
fine combed wools are iudispensably necessary
for the manufacture of the liner order of Brus-
sels carpet, such as they manufacture on the
other side of the ocean. They alone give the
bright color and the pure white that are coveted
by those who seek the finer order of Brussels
carpet, an article which cannot be manufac-
tured even in Massachusetts, because the man-
ufacturers cannot purchase, withoutpaying an
enormous duty, the higher and finer quali-
ties of wool necessary for the manufacture of
those carpets. Aud 1 love to hear the groans
of the carpet manufacturers of New England
when they come into competition with the Brus-
sels-carpet manufacturer of Europe, because
by their pressure and the votes of their friends
in this House the duties on the finer classes
of wool were made prohibitory or almost pro-
hibitory, and the carpet manufacturers of New
England are obliged to make their carpets out
of a lower quality of wool and manufacture
carpets which cannot come into competition
with the liner quality of Brussels brought from
abroad. Hence their groans are musical tome.
Hike to hear them, because I hope to have their
help some day, not only in striking down the
duty on those wools which are indispensable
for our manufactures, but iu striking down the
duty on carpets also. The whole of this carpot
bargain winch was made in 1867 was of the
most, iniquitous character. 1 ehargo it on Eras-
tus Bigelow, who was the agent here at that
time of those manufacturers. It is my duty to
sive you the benefit of his own statement now.
VVisely he has run away from what will soon be
destroyed by the people and has left his busi-
ness to others. But the following is an author-
itative statement by a friend of his :
"As rospeots tho monopoly, Mr. Uigelow owns a
small portion in one carpet-mill. UOU shares,) and
it is itl 1 tho iuterost that ho has or has had since 18C2
in nny carpet, woolen, or cotton mill.
"Tlioirood* that arc made by his machinesaro also
made by other manufacturers oil chlToront machines
nint to a eonsi'lerablo extent.
" Mr. Bigelow will bo .satisfied with row materials
tree and .i5 per cent,, ad valorem duty.
"Tho treasurer of the Bigelow Carpet Company
would not object to 30 per ceut. duty with raw mate-
rials lreo."
Give us the raw material free, give us a duty
of per cent, ad valorem, and the English
cannot compete with our machinery, the best
in tho world for the production of these car-
pet'-, and under that dut.y we can send those
carpets all over the world.
[ilere the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to—ayes eighteen, noes
not counted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now move
to strike out in line one hundred and twenty-
one "70 cents" and to insert "00 cents;"
so that it will read ;
On Aubusson and Axminstor carpets, and carpots
woven whole for rooms, 50 per cent, ad valorem,- ou
Saxony, Wilton,andTournay velvet carpets,wrought
by the Jacnuard maehino, 60cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem, &c.
I hope the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will not in this carpet busi-
ness rcenact the law of 1867. I hope wo shall
have a change in that law so far as carpets are
concerned. This provision is a reSnactnient
and indorsement by this House of one of the
most iniquitous compacts ever made; made at
tho close of the war when an enormous debt
wns upon us. We have paid a hundred millions
of it off, and therefore it is not necessary now
to recnaet these iniquitous duties. And why
not begin upon carpetings ? This is not a rev-
enue tariff, for in some cases it is prohibitory.
It is not for the benefit of the Treasury. It is
for the benefit of some six, teiij or twelve men '
in this country, and among them is one of my
constituents, who is one of the largest carpet
manufacturers in the country.
I represent him, and my colleague [Mr.
"Wood] and I represent hundreds and hundreds
of his workmen. Speaking not for him, but
for labor, speaking for my city and forits great
manufactories, I beg New England to come up
to the elevation where we New Yorkers stand,
with interests as great as theirs, and take off
these duties. We incur the risk from''this
manufacturing power if there is peril in doing
right. They and their workmen can oust us
from our places if we are doing wrong. I
appeal to gentlemen from lihode Island and to
gentlemen from Massachusetts, who represent
these great carpet manufacturers to imitate
our example and reduce tho enormous duties
here proposed. They are not necessary. They
are destructive to tho manufacturers, destruc-
tive to competition, and injurious to the con-
sumers. As I demonstrated the other day,
upon every first-class house they levy a tax of
from $250 to $400 bounty, which is given to the
richest carpet manufacturers in the country.
The manufacturer in my district was a poor
boy who came from my own town with infancy,
indigence, and ignorance for his capital; but
now by your legislation he has not only become
a millionaire but a ten-millionaire, made so
under this very act,, by this very bounty here
proposed. He has been my friend and com-
panion from my boyhood, and yet 1 call upon
this House, in the presence of the country, to
do away with this enormous bounty to my
friend. Let gentlemen from Massachusetts and
lihode Island imitate the example.
Mr. SOUBNOK. Whatisthepeiidiiigamend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. To strike out " 70 cents "
and insert "50 cents."
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, it is refreshing to
find a Democrat speaking for first-class houses!
That, I believe, was the gentleman's phrase.
He has selected for his reform Saxony, Wilton,
and Tournay velvet carpets wrought by the
Jacquard machine; and he would reduce the
duty to 50 cents per square yard. He has
selected the most extravagant and luxurious
of all carpets, and seeks to bring them down.
For what reason? Because a mechanic, as
Mr. Bigelow was, by his inventive genius has
succeeded in making a machine out of which
he has upon bin part made some property.
Well, this is nomocracy with a vengeance, it
seems to mo. The invention of Mr. Bigelow
has brought down the price of these finer car-
pets within the rcach of many who could not
afford them beforo at all byreason of tho com-
petition. But the peculiar character of Ihe
amendment is that after hearing so much from
the other side of the House in favor of the poor
man, and low-priced goods and coarse things
that come within the rcach of tho humble and
the laborer, tho gentleman selects for his par-
ticular reform these luxurious carpets, which
can only be put on the floors, as he himself
says, of first-el ass houses in New York, and
would have us do something that they may be
imported cheaper, so that gentlemen occupy-
ing first-class houses shall not pay so much for
their furniture if they choose to indulge in tho,
very best. Democracy is very consistent. I
have always found it so. Now, sir, L should
not have so much wondered if the gentleman
had come down to tho 17 cents per square
yard carpetings, some of the cheaper and
lower-priced carpetings which people in hu mble
houses put upon their floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You will have
that, too.
Mr. SCHENCK. Humph! wo will have that,
teo. Sir, itis singular that the gentleman should
select these luxuries, the introduction of which
at a high rate of duty is, as he claims, so bur-
densome to a large portion of his constituents.
Sir, we have put tho duty on these articles at
just what they are now, with the exception of
two instances which 1 have brought to the
attention of the committee, and where We huva
lowered the duly considerably, I admit that, we
are putting these- articles.-tad other Woolen
goods at what is a higlv rate of duty mainly
because the high rate of duty upon Wool has
necessarily run up tlie rate of duty On wOdlen
goods, unless we would be benefiting'-one class
of people and drivirigthe othersinto insolvency
and driving industry out of the country. Bat I
am willing to take a vote now upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and let him proceed with his other
amendments.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment mo^ed by Mr. Brooks, of New York ;
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose
now to come down to what the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. SOHHKOK] suggested.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh! you do I
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The provis-
ion in this bill to which 1 propose to move
an amendment now reads, "on yarn Venetian
and two-ply ingrain carpets, 12 cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, 85 per cent, ad
valorem,I'propose to make it 0 cents per
square yard.
The cry of the gentleman from Ohio is,
"Wool," "wool," "wool." Wemust.putthis
enormous duty on carpets for the sake of wool.
The gentleman forgets that in the iniquitous
bargain with the carpet-makers of 18(57 they
levied only y cents per pound on carpet wool,
while they put up the duty on other wools 10
cents per pound and 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Carpet wools do not come in competition in
this country with the wool of Ohio, of Iowa,
or Illinois. The great bulk of carpet wools
used in this country comes from Buenos Ayres,
Rio, &c.; therefore the argument of the gen-
tleman is not at all applicable to the wool
carpet manufacture. Tho cheat which was
made iu 1807 upon the wool-growers of the
country was to admit carpot wool at a low rate
of duty, while upon the higher classes of wool,
necessary for the finer order of manufacture,
they enacted prohibitory or almost prohibitory
duties.
Now, tho reduction which I propose by ray
amenduientis upon tho lower kinds of carpets,
those which are under the feet of the millions
of the people of the United States. It matters
not to many of my constituents, who are enjoy-
ing a monopoly of coal and iron, of wool and
woolen goods, of cotton goods; it matters not
to them what duty you levy upon the Axmin-
ster, Aubusson, Wilton, Tournay, or the other
higher orders of carpets. They will have them
at any price, without any reference whatever to
the duties upon them, for with them they arc
articles of luxury. A high duly might be a
temptation to smuggling, but they are not arti-
cles easily smuggled. These high duties on
tho mora costly carpets affect only tho rich, and
they will have them at any cost. But these
two-ply ingrain3 and three-ply Carpets are car-
pets for the poor, for the million; and a heavy
duty on them will but yield a profit to two or
three companies, tho Lowell Company, the
New England Carpet Company, and a couple
of private firms, one of which is enormously
wealthy. The duty on these two-ply ilgrains
and throe-ply carpets is simply a prohibition.
The whole sum collected at the eustom-houso
for any one year since 1800 on these articles
will not exceed $5,000. And those transac-
tions, few as they arc, were merely sample bales
imported solely to obtain new designs in order
to make them here in this country. Let tho
honorable gentlemau from Ohio carry out his
own idea: let him take off the duty on these
two-ply and three-ply carpets for the benefit of
the poor,* and wo will shake hands with him
upon that. Let those who, many of them, are
rich from the monopolies our legislation gives
them, take care of themselves,
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, in this dra-
matic performance of my friend from Nw
York [Mr. Biwoks] he has played three parts.
