4488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
George Goldthwaite and John J. Gillispie, of
Harris county, Texas, for the removal of their
political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER: A petition of William
Steele, of Bexar county, Texas, for relief from
political disabilities.
Also, a petition of citizens of Maveric county,
Texas, for protection against Indiaus.
Also, the petition of Collector Kearney, of
Corpus Christi district, Texas, for relief from
responsibility on accountof robbery committed
bv his military escort.
By Mr. LASH : The petition of W. II. Mc-
Afee, a citizen of Dahlonega, Georgia, for the
removal of disabilities.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of John M.
Mapbis, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Benjamin
B. Pleasants, of Hanover county, Virginia, for
removal of his disabilities.
•IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 16, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. W. E. Parsons, of Wash-
ington city.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2204) authorizing the
judges of Wyoming Territory to define their
own judicial districts was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
steamship service to australia.
Mr. CORBETT. My attention has been
called to a statement in one of the morning
papers in relation to the bill (S. No. 736) re-
ported yesterday from the Committee on Com-
merce, to authorize i*ic establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Australia. It is stated in that paper
that the subsidy proposed is increased by the
committee from $300,000 to $600,000; whereas
the truth is that the original bill provided for
a subsidy of $500,000, and the committee
reported in favor of allowing a subsidy of
$300,000, on the condition that the Australian
colonies allow an equal subsidy. I merely
wish to correct this statement to prevent other
papers from falling into the same error.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
Thomas D. Grundy, ofKentucky; of John Rod-
man, of Frankfort, Kentucky; of W. R. Bates,
of Barren county, Kentucky ; of George M.
Jessee, of New Castle, Henry county, Kentucky;
of James P. Bates, of Bowling Green, Warren
county, Kentucky ; and of Gustavas W. Smith,
of Frankfort, Kentucky,prayingfortlie removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Lee An-
derson, C. S. Marshall, and John T. Bolinger,
in behalf of S. C. Gilbert, and Thomas L>.
Grundy, of Mayfield, Kentucky, praying for
the removal of their political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of
Joseph Lyder, of Winchester, Virginia, and of
George J. Stephens, of Greene county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. FENTON._ I present the petition of a
large number of citizens of New York, praying
for the abolition of the legacy and succession
taxes. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number of prominent citizens of
New York, shippers, merchants, underwriters,
and others, who earnestly and respectfully enter
their protest against any repeal of the registry
law of our country by which foreign-built ships
shall be admitted for any term of years to regis-
try in the United States. I move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition of citizens
of the county of Kern, California, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege, and
they set forth in their petition that the total
abolition of the franking privilege has become
a necessity. As the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads have reported on that subject
and the bill is now before the Senate, I move
that this petitiou lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented two
memorials of merchants and importers of New
York, praying such an amendment to the pond-
ing tariff bill as will place goods in bond on
which duties have been paid upon the same
footing as goods imported after the passage of
the act; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Rob-
ert Rollings and others, of Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, survivors of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying an appropriation for
deepening the harbor of Queenstown, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Baltimore, praying aid for the
completion of the improvement of the channel
of the Patapsco river and Chesapeake bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Edward C. McLure, of Chester county, South
Carolina, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of mem-
bersof the bar of Centre county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 2108) relating to certain counties
of the western judicial district of Pennsylvania,
which provides "that all process in all actions
and prosecutions, and all judicial proceedings
at law or in equity which shall hereafter arise,
and in which the defendant or defendants shall
reside in'' certain counties of the western district
of Pennsylvania, of which Centre is one, "shall
be issued from and returnable to the courts
of said district, to be holden at Williamsport,
and, together with all suits, prosecutions, or
business heretofore begun, pending, and un-
determined, arising from any of the said coun-
ties, shall be heard or tried there only ; unless,
with the consent of parties, the court shall
direct the same to be heard or trted at the
courts to be holden at Pittsburg or Eric, in
said district;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of Cap-
tain D. McDougall, United States Navy, and
American residents in Japan, praying that a
portion of the Japanese indemnity fund be
awarded as prize money to the officers and
crew of the United States steamship Wyoming;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. Some time since the Com-
mittee on Claims instructed me to report ad-
versely upon the claim of one Stewart Barnes.
Since that time additional evidence has been
presented in the case, and that evidence, with
a new petition, I wish now to submit and have
referred to the Committee on Claims, with the
papers in the original case.
It was so ordered.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the papers and petition of Daniel
J. Brown Be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to tho Committee on Claims.
message i1'11031 the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 378)
to provide a national currency of coin notes,
and to equalize the distribution of circulating
notes, with an amendment: in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 830)
donating condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monumentat Jersey City, New Jersey; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President. <
reports of committees.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
920) to facilitate the transmission of Asiatic,
Australian, and European merchandise into
and across the territory of the United States of
America, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, which has been prepared
at the Treasury Department; and I ask for the
present consideration of the bill, if there be
ho objection, as it is important to have action
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with morning business, whieh is in
the nature of an objection to the request of the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. II.
No. 1097) granting a pension to Minne Hesse,
reported adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to pass a little bill of a local
character in Iowa, upon which a commissioner
of one of the couuties is here waiting. It is a
bill of only seven lines, and can be passed in
a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Iowa asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill (S. No. 7G0) for the
relief of Lucas, Dickinson, and other counties
in the State of Iowa.
Mr. COLE. The bill reported by the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] I suppose
ought to be taken up first.
Mr. HOWELL. This is only a bill of seven
lines, and can be passed in half a minute.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator from
Iowa noticed the amendment of thecommittee,
striking out the words "and other counties?"
Mr. HOWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. VICKERS. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the morning business.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 981) to repeal the act approved March 17,
1800, eutitled "An act declaring the assent of
Congress to certain acts of the States of Mary-
land and Georgia," reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 913) to grant in-
creased facilities to Benieia, a port of delivery
in the State of California, reported adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2080) to ex-
empt vessels and canal boats engaged in the
internal and coastwise navigation of the Uni-
ted States and in the fisheries from the pay-
ment of tonnage dues, reported adversely, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the board of h&r-
