642
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Aj)i il 20,
41st Cons....2d Sbss.
Laxos of the United States.
of such labor as may be necessary to protect
from injury and deterioration the marble and
other building materials of said custom-house,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairing damage done by storm in Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, to
the marine hospital at Portland, Maine, ten
thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the marine hos-
pital building at Chicago, Illinois, one hundred
thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of
the money shall be expended until a contract
or contracts shall be entered into by the proper
authorities with the lowest responsible bidder
or bidders for the completion of the entire
building at a sum, including all moneys already
expended in its construction, not exceeding
three hundred thousand dollars; and the ex-
penditure of any sum of money in violatiou of
this proviso shall be deemed unlawful.
For continuing the construction of the ap-
praisers' storesat Philadelphia, forty thousand
dollars.
For stone work of the west center stairs of
the Treasury building, Washington, District of
Columbia, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For putting files rooms under the porticos in
the Treasury building, nine thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For balconies to widen the passages about
the custom-house building in Bangor, Maine,
five thousand dollars.
For furniture for the custom-house and the
offices therein, at Bangor, Maine, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture for the custom-house and the
offices therein, at Ogdenaburg, New York,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For furniture for the court-house and the
offices therein, at Des Moines, Iowa, twelve
thousand dollars.
For furniture for the court-house and the
offices therein, at Springfield, Illinois, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For furniture for the oastom-houstf at Wis-
cassett, Maine, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For casual and necessary repairs of tho vari-
ous public buildings in the United States, under
tho control of the Treasury Department, forty
thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights and miscellaneous items
for the various public buildings, under the con-
trol of the Treasury Department, twenty-live
thousand dollars.
For repairs of the custom-house at Now
Orleans, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on tho Capitol
grounds, and repairing the Capitol building,
twenty thousand dollars.
.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
To pay for copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix furnished to Members and Del-
egates of the third session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, four thousand eight hundred and eighty-
five^ dollars and eighty-one cents.
To pay for reporting and printing in the Daily
Globe debates of the House of Representatives
of the same session, three thousand and seven-
teen dollars and five cents.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
ate for the second session of the Forty-First
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand dollars.
i or the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of tho House for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
House for th,e second session of the Forty-First
Congress, eight tun.dred dollars each, four
thousand dollars.
To defray the expenseso/ the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, incurred in
their recent investigations in Newport and
Boston on the order of the House of Represent-
atives, two thousand dollars, to be paid into
the-contingent fund of the House.
To defray the expenses of the Committee on
Military Affairs, incurred in the recent investi-
gations on the order of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to be paid into the contingent fund
of the House, such sum as may be necessary,
not exceeding four thousand dollars.
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses
of the House of Representatives, to defray out-
standing indebtedness, incurred by investigat-
ing committees, and in the office of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House, three thousand
eight hundred and twenty-five dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
For the public printing, ninety-fire thousand
dollars.
For the public binding, one hundred and
five thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for the
Senate and House of Representatives, fifteen
thousand dollars.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Utah.
For additional salary of chief justice and two
associates, at one thousand dollars each, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Utah, and lor officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses of tho Assembly, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
J J'aaliington Territory.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
toryof Washington, and for officers, clerks, and
contingent^ expenses of the Assembly, eight
thousand six hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For paper, printing, binding, and folding the
bills, laws, and journals of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Washington, for the
session begun and held on the first Monday in
October, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, six
thousand dollars.
To pay claim of T. F. McElroy, for balance
due him for public printing during fiscal year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, three thousand eight hundred and forty-
four dollars and thirty-four cents.
Dakota Territory.
To pay for printing and binding the laws and
journals of the last session of the Legislative
Assembly of Dakota Territory, and for inci-
dental expenses of tho office of the secretary
of said Territory, five thousand dollars.
Public Lands.
For salary of surveyor general of Louisiana,
two thousand and seventy-two dollars, and for
clerks in his office, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salary of surveyor general of Montana,
five hundred and nineteen dollars and twenty-
three cents ; for rent of his office, fuel, books,
stationery, mid other incidental expenses, nine
hundred dollars; and for clerks in his office,
five hundred dollars.
For salary of surveyor general of Florida,
one hundred and forty-eight dollars and thiity-
iive cents.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the sur-
veyor general of Minnesota, thirteen hundred
dollars.
1'or salaries of clerks in the office of the sur-
veyor general of Dakota, two thousand two
hundred and twenty-six dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the sur-
veyor general of California and Arizona, four
thousand dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the sur-
veyor general of Kansas, one thousand four
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Nevada, and contingent
expenses, three hundred dollars.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Pension Office.
For Navy pensions to widows and others,
eighty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Pension
Office, ten thousand dollars.
I'or pay ot laborers and messengers, fivn
thousand dollars.
For rent of building on G street, corner of
Eighth street, from the sixteenth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, until the first
day of June, eighteen hundred and seventy, at
an annual rental of not exceeding ten thousand
dollars, to be determined by the Secretary of
the Interior, such sum as may be necessary is
hereby appropriated.
Indian Department.
For pay of interpreters, nine thousand five
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
Patent Office.
For difference of pay to fifty-three female
copyists in the Patent Office, for the year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy,
at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand six
hundred dollars: Provided,That said sum does
not increase their compensation beyond nine
hundred dollars each for said year.
House of Correction.
For the purposes mentioned in the fourteenth
section of the act of July twenty-five, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, entitled "An act to
establish in the District of Columbia a House
of Correction for Boys," and to be paid in the
same manner as the appropriation therein made
is directed to be levied and paid, the payment
of the several portions to be paid by ths cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and tho coun ty
of Washington, respectively, to be enforced in
the same manner as therein provided, twelve
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay such sum as on examination he shall find
justly due, and incurred in a survey of the
grounds and river near the Aqueduct bridge
in the District of Columbia, under a joint reso-
lution of Congress approved March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, but
not exceeding the sum of three thousand nine
hundred and sixty dollars.
Jail in the District of Columbia.
To pay salary of warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, for portion of the cur-
rent year, seven hundred dollars.
To pay James 13. Hubbell for the construc-
tion of Fort \V. T. Sherman, and other build-
ings attached thereto, for the Blaekfeet, Blood,
and Regan tribes of the Blaekfeet nation of
Indians, in Montana Territory, as per contract
with W. J. Cullen, United States special agent,
dated October seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, balance due on settlement, eleven
thousand seven hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars and fifty-one ccnts.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay balance due for surveying Navajo Indian
reservation under contract, preparatory to mak-
ing allotments for their new homes for agricul-
tural purposes, thirty-seven thousand three
hundred and ninety-three dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide necessary food for the Sisseton and
Warpeton Santee Sioux Indians, on Lac Tra-
verse and Devil's Lake reservations, in Dakota
ierritory, during the spring and summer, and
to furnish them with implements and seeds for
cultivating their fields, ten thousand dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For defraying tho preliminary expenses of
taking the ninth census of tho United States,
two hundred thousand dollars.
