1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4489
bor commissioners of the State of Massachu-
setts, commending to the favorable consider-
ation of Congress the application of the Cape
Cod Canal Company for an appropriation for
a breakwater in Barnstable bay, reported a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 221) relative to a
harborof refuge and bveakwaterat theentranee
of Cape Cod ship-canal; which was read and
passed to a second reading,.
Mr. THUIiMAN, from the Committee on
tlie Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. 11. No. 230) to require the holding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
miNTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. FENTON. I ask leave to introduce an
amendment to the bill (8. No. 857) to incor-
porate the Washington Transatlantic Telegraph
Company, and to facilitate telegraphic commu-
nication between America and Europe, which
I move be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
ponsent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 002) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authoiize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad into and within the Dis-
trictof Columbia," approved February 5,1870;
which was read twice by its title, roferred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
993) to repeal certain provisions of an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a company for
making certain turnpike roads in the District
of Columbia," approved April 20,1810 ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
rule 01' proceeding.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration :
Itesofaed, That t.hc rule prescribing the order of
business and the maimer of proceeding on the Cal-
endar, adopted by the Senate on the 10th ot March
last, be, and the same ib heicby, rescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar of resolutions unless the Sen-
ator asks unanimous consent for its present
consideration. It will he placed on the Cal-
endar.
swamp lands in iowa.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order now to move to
take up a bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa [Mr. Howell] is on the floor, and has
asked unanimous consent to proceed to the
consideration of a private hill,
Mr. ROSS. I was about to move to proceed
to the consideration of another bill, it the
morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ It is not yet
through. The introduction of bills and joint
resolutions is in order. If there be no further
bills or joint resolutions, Senate resolutions
are in oider. If there be no Senate resolu-
tions, the question is on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole proceeded to
consider the bill {S. No. 760) for the relief of
Lucas, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa. It requires the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to receive and
examine the selections of swamp lands in
Lucas and Dickinson counties, and such other
counties in the State of Iowa as formerly filed
in the office of the surveyor general for the
district including those countics, and allow or
disallow the selections according to the rules
touching the same in force at the time the selec-
tions were made.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
words, "and such other counties."
Mr. HARLAN. Why does the committee
report to strike out those words ?
Mr. HOWELL. I have no objection to those
words being stricken out; but 1 desire to insert
in lieu of them, "and Emmett and Buena
Vista counties."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa moves to insert in lieu of the words "and
such other counties," proposed to be stricken
out by the committee, the words "and Emmett
and Buena Vista counties."
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing that those
words should be inserted; but I prefer that the
other words should not be stricken out.
Mr. EDMONDS. What are those lands?
Mr. HOWELL. It is an old thing that wants
to be settled up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it is; but I
should like the Senator to explain it
Mr. HOWELL. There was a law authorizing
the selection of swamp lands by the commis-
sioners of the counties, and they proceeded to
select the swamp lands ; but on some account
or other there has been a failure to settle up
the business, and it is still uusettled, and it
requires an act of Congress to enable them to
perfect it. It is a mere matter of settlement,
as I understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the bill before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I can tell the honorable
Senator from Vermont all there is in it. Some
of these selections were reported by the surveyor
general of Wisconsin and Iowa, but were not
transmitted to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office for his action. This bill directs
them to be sent up, and directs the Commis-
sioner to act on them the same as if they had
come up on the report of the surveyor general.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What were they granted
for?
Mr. HARLAN. They are swamp lands
granted under the act in relation to swamp
lands. They were granted to the States to be
used for their own reclamation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not to improve rivers
and harbors?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
to insert in lieu of the words to be stricken out
by the committee the words " and Emmett
and Buena Vista counties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
CANNON FOll SOLDIKIIS' MONUMENTS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
now to take up those House resolution No.
302 in regard to granting condemned cannon
for a soldiers' monument.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) donating
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Poughkeepsie, New York. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to deliver to the muni-
cipal authorities of the city of Poughkeepsie,
New York, three condemned iron cannon, two
condemned brass cannon, and two hundred
round-shot, to be used in the erection of a
soldiers' monument at that place.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
offer to that, and then I shall have no objec-
tion. A bill went to the Military Committee
two months ago, passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, t.o provide for three or four can-
non for a soldiers' monument erected by a
countyinOhio. They have notreported itback.
I move to amend this resolution by insert-
ing in lieu of it a provision that the municipal
authorities of any city or county in the United
States may have these condemned cannon for
the erection of a soldiers' monument. I want
a general authority. I am a little suprised,
after the House of Representatives had passed
the bill to which I have referred, that it £as not
been reported.
Mr. WILSON. There are a dozen bills. I
think we have reported the one to which the
Senator refers. I wish the Senator would let
this pass by itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio, he pro-
poses to amend by striking out the whole bill
and inserting a grant to the municipal authori-
ties of any city or county in the United States.
Mr. SHERilAN. Leaving itto the Secretary
of War (when the Government has great num-
bers of condemned cannon which it has no use
of) to contribute that much from the United
States toward these monuments. I hope we
shall have one erected in every county in the
United States. The condemned cannon are
only worth a cent a pound. I will say " con-
demned iron cannon." I do not mean to
include brass cannon.
The VICJSPRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The-amendment is to
strike out all after the resolving clause and in
lieu thereof to insert:
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized
to deliver to the municipal authorities of any city
orvcounty in the United States condemned iron can-
non, to bo used in the erection of soldiers' monu-
ments at such places when, in his judgment, they
may be granted without injuring the public service.
Mr. HOWE. Does not that require a fur-
ther amendment? Ought it not to provide
that he shall condemn and deliver iron can-
non ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to make this gen-
eral. Several counties of my State are erect-
ing small monuments over soldiers, and I am
willing that the United States shall contribute
in all cases where the Secretary of War deems
it proper and has the cannon on hand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended ; and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the joint resolution
be read as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
lie it, resolved, it'e., That the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized to deliver to the municipal author-
ities of any city, town, or county in the United States
condemned iron cannon, to be used in the creetionof
soldiers' monuments at such placcs when, in his
judgment, they may be so delivered without injury
to the publieservice.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to bo read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title
was amended so aa to read : "A joint resolu-
tion for the delivery of condemned caunon for
the erection of soldiers' monuments."
district supreme court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
401, relating to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection ;
and the bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe this bill was
read the other day.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read.
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole and open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there should be
an amendment at the end of the bill, a proviso.
I move to insert these words:
Provided, however, That nothing heroin contained
