1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Laws of the Uniiecl States.
4 1st Cong....2d Sess.
For expenses iucurred during the year eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, in taking the first
census of Wyoming Territory, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
close the accounts of B. B. French, late Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, there is hereby
appropriated the sum of fifteen thousand and
seventy-six dollars and eight cents, or so much
thereof as may be found necessary for that
purpose ; but no greater sum shall be paid
from the Treasury out of this appropriation
than eight hundred and seventy-three dollars
and eighty-three cents, the balance due to said
French on the aggregate of the several accounts.
For the amount due H. Hamlin, late col-
lector of the port of Boston and Charlestown,
and superintendent of lights at Boston, two
thousand two hundred and thirty-eight dollars
and sixty cents, the same to be cariied to his
credit ou the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment on account of surplus official emolu-
ments, and on account of expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs.
To pay Joseph Miller, M. Kelley, L. Miller,
M. C. Brown, John Cummins, J. B. Pierce,
Charles D. Kenyon, M. Storms, A. E. Gal-
loway, James Carr, B. Crossed, M. G. Tooney,
H. B. Lane, T. II. Hewlett, and A. B. Fames-
worth the amounts due them, respectively, as
officers, members, clerks, and employds for
per diem, mileage, and services iti the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Idaho, to be paid only
upon vouchers to be approved by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in all seven
thousand and twenty-three dollars and sixty-
five cents; and to Crawford, Slocum and Com-
pany, George M. Thompson, Emil Lombard,
A. L. Downey, and Archibald McBuraty, the
amounts due them, respectively, for rent and
stationery for the same service, in all one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-one dollars
and eighty-eight cents ; to Allen and Maxwell
for wood and other supplies for the same ser-
vice, one thousand one hundred and twenty-
nine dollars; and to Starr and Company, Wilts
Young, W. II. Andrew, Caleb North, T. R.
Hewlett, A. Copper, A. H. Rucker, D. W. C.
Dormell, and J. K. Vincent, the amounts due
them, respectively, for sundry supplies for the
same service, in all four hundred and ninety-
eight dollars and sixty-six cents: Provided,
That no part of the above amounts hereby
appropriated to defray the outstanding indebt-
edness of the Territory of Idaho thus specified
shall be paid, unless upon vouchers verified
upon oath to the satisfaction of the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury.
senate deficiency.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, twenty thousand dollars.'
For miscellaneous items, five thousand dol-
For furniture and repairs, three thousand
dollars.
For Congressional Globe and Appendix,
seven thousand six hundred and ninety-seven
dollars and seventy-three cents.
For defraying the expenses of the joint
select Committee on Retrenchment, live thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That this appropria-
tion shall be drawn from tlie Treasury on the
order of the Secretary of the Senate, and dis-
bursed under and subject in all respects to the
provisions of the joint resolution of January
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
war department.
For rent, watchmen, and laborers for the
building oil the corner of Fifteenth and F
streets,"occupied by the Paymaster General,
six thousand dollars.
reconstruction acts.
To defray expenses incurred in carrying
into effect the "act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," for
various supplies and service, viz: in the first
military district, seventy-five thousand dollars ;
in the fourth military district, two hundred
thousand dollars; in the fifth military district,
one hundred and ten thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no portion of said sums shall be
paid except upon vouchers furnished and veri-
fied upon oath by the party furnishing said
supplies or performing such service, to the
satisfaction of the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury: And provided also, That in
the fifth military district there shall not be
paid more than five dollars per day to any
registrar or sheriff, and four dollars per day to
any clerk or deputy sheriff, for the time act-
ually employed.
To enable the Surgeon General of the Army
to pay the balance due under contract executed
by him with the Providence Hospital, in the
District of Columbia, for the care, support,
and medical treatment of sixty transient pau-
pers, six thousand dollars.
For secret servicc fund, being required to
settle the accounts of disbursing officers, and
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to set-
tle the accounts of disbursing officers for ex-
penditures already made and not involving
any actual disbursements, but merely requiring
a transfer on the books of the Treasury, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For expenses of the recruiting service of the
regular Army, fifty thousand dollars.
For four watchmen and two laborers for the
building on the corner of F and Seventeenth
streets, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and mis-
cellaneous items for the building, five thousand
dollars.
post office department.
To supply the deficiency in the appropria-
tion for blank books, stationery, fuel and lights
for the General Post Office building, including
the Sixth Auditor's office; repairs of the build-
ing, furniture, papering, painting, fitting up
permanent cases for filing papers ; for pay of
engineer, fireman, and laboreis ; for library
purposes, telegrams, and for miscellaneous
items, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
northern' lakes and sea-boahl).
For expenses of the observation and report
of storms, by telegraph and signal, for the
benefit of the commerce of the northern lakes
and sea-board, fifteen thousand dollars.
coast survey.
For supply of new vessels for the service of
the Coast Survey, sixty thousand dollars.
judicial.
For nine circuit judges of the United States,
to reside in circuit, from the date of their
respective commissions to June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, both inclusive,
twenty-five thousand six hundred and eighty-
six dollars.
public buildings asi) grounds.
For repairing and refurnishing the Presi-
dent's House, twenty-fiva thousand dollars.
For salary of surveyor general of the Terri-
tory of Wyoming, eleven hundred and ninety-
two dollars.
For the clerks in his office, fifteen hundred
and eighty-nine dollars.
For lighting the President's House, the Capi-
tol. atid public grounds, eight thousand dollars.
For repairs of greenhouse at President's
House, and purchase of plants, one thousand
dollars.
For pay of lamp-lighleri, plumbing, gas-
fitting, and the like, one thousand dollars.
To pay live watchmen employed in reserva-
tion number two, one hundred and twenty dol-
lars each, in order to make their entire pay for
the current year seven hundred and twenty
dollars each, six hundred dollars.
To pay John S. Willard and Company the
amount due them for furniture for Treasury
building, four thousand two hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars.
navy department.
To supply deficiencies in appropriations for
fuel for the Marine corps, ten thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in contingent appro-
priation, twenty-one thousand six hundred and
ninety-one dollars.
Naval Academy.
For finishing additional quarters for mid-
shipmen, now in course of construction, as per
contract entered into July thirteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That there
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of forty-seven thousand seven hundred
and eighty-six dollars andseventy-three cents,
for expenses of the following committees of
the House of Representatives of the Forty-
First Congress while engaged on investigations,
viz: Committee of Elections, twenty-six thou-
sand four hundred and sixteen dollars and five
cents; Committee of Ways and Means, five
thousand seven hundred and seventy-two dol-
lars and fifty-two cents; Committeeon Foreign
Affairs, sixthousandeighthundred and seventy
dollars and thirty cents; Committee on the
Judiciary, three thousand five hundred and
eighty-fourdollars and eightcents; Committee
on the Decline of American Commerce, two
thousand dollars; Committee on the Ninth
Census, three thousand one hundred and forty-
three dollars and seventy-eight cents; being
the amounts reported by the Committee on
Accounts to the House of Representatives, on
the first of March, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, and ordered to be audited and approved,
the same to beaddedto the miscellaneous item
of the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Approved, April 20, 1870.
Chap. LVIL—An Act to authorize the City of
Buffalo, New York, to construct a Tunnel
under Niagara river, and to erect and main-
tain an Inlet Pier therefrom.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall and may be
lawful for the city of Buffalo, in the State of
New York, to construct and maintain a tunnel
under Black Ilock harbor and Niagara river,
extending not more than four hundred feet
outside of Bird Island pier, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom, said inlet
pier to be located not more than four hundred
feet outside of said Bird Island pier.
Approved, April 20, 1870.
Ciiap. LIX.—An Act to amend the Usury
Laws of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate, and House of Rep-
retentaticesof the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the rate of interest
upon judgments or decrees, and upon the loan
or forbearance of any money, goods, or things
in action, shall continue to be six dollars upon
one hundred dollars for one year, and alter
that rate for a greater or less sain, or tor a
longer or shorter time, except as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, lea'jr.
all contracts hereafter to be made it t-hall be
lawful for the parties to stipulate or agiee in
writing that the rate often per cent, per aueum.
or any less sum, of interest shall be taken ai.d
paid upon every one hundred dollars of money
loaned, or in any manner duo and owing from
any person or corporation in this District.
