1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5433
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be consid-
ered more fully ; it is pretty important.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled " An act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Port Leavenworth,
Kansas," have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz]
desires to have it acted on now.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope this bill will be
allowed to pass. It can be done without debate,
I think.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Let it be reported in full,
subject to objection.
The bill was read.
Mr. HARLAN. I would rather that should
go over. I want to read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over.
BRIDGE ACROSS BIG WAliASlI 1UVIS11.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up House joint resolution No. 231,
granting the Evansville and Southern Illinois
Railroad Company the right to build a bridge
across the Big Wabash river. This resolution
passed the Senate on Saturday, and was recon-
sidered for the purpose of allowing an amend-
ment, to be placed upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it take any time.
Mr. PRATT. It will lead to no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be regarded as before the Senate.^
Mr. PRATT. 1 move the following amend-
ment to be added to the joint resolution:
Provided further. That in case said bridge is built
with a continuous span the piers shall be at least two
hundred feet apart, and the bridge shall be built at
uei! height as not to interfere with the navigation
of &aid iivTei by steamboats.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
'The resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
ORDER OS BUSINESS.
Sir. NYE. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts give way for the passage of a bill that
will lead to no debate, Senate bill No. 533, to
relinquish the interest of the United States in
certain lands to the city and county of San
Francisco, in the State of California? _ 1 call
the attention of the Senator from California to
the bill. The Senator from California has an
amendment prepared.
Mr. CASSERLY. I gave it to the Senator
from Viiginia, [Mr Johnston.]
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that bill will
be debated.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. It relinquishes forty
acres of land to the city of'San Francisco.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
su'™ested by the Senator from California and
banded to the Senator from Virginia is now
in possession of the Secretary.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let u be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I tiiink we had better go
on with the regular order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts. Here is a little bill
Mr. SUMNER. As soon as the regular order
is out of the way these bills can be called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the unfinished business, being the bill (II. R.
No. 1950) granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
The pending question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mokuill,] to
strike out " >33,000 a year,'' and insert " iive
dollars a day." The next question after that
will be the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Spexceh,] to strike out all alter
the enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of tiie Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to MarytLin-
coln. widow of tho late Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, during her widowhood, an
annuity of$3,U00, to be paid to her quarterly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave notice on
Saturday that to-day I should ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the sundry
civil appropriation bill. I need not say at this
late day in the session how urgent a proposi-
tion of this sort is. I move, therefore, that the
present and all prior orders be postponed for
the purpose of considering the sundry civil
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of tho Senator from Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend will not
press that motion. Let him take up his bill
this evening, and we will sit with him as long
as he desires; but now that we are on the bill
for the relief of Mrs. Lincoln let us finish it.
This bill has been up several times. It is not
economy of time for us to allow it topass out
of sight again. We had better finish it to-day.
I hope my friend will .not persevere in his
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have always stood by
the Senator from Maine in regard to his appro-
priation bills ; but here is a bill that has been
up and discussed, and it seems to me we had
better settle it one way or the other. We shall
probably get through it in the course of an
hour or less.
Mr. THURMAN. Five minutes. I do not
know of anybody that wants to debate it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor do I know of any-
body who wants to debate it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know of one
or two Senators who want to debate it. I have
one Senator in my eye who expects to occupy
an hour on the subject. I desire to say dis-
tinctly to the Senate that if it is the contempla-
tion of Congress to adjourn on I?riday they
must give the preference to the appropriation
bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt the
Senate is disposed to give preference to the
Senator's bill, but I ask him to withdraw his
motion for an hour, and let us finish this bill
in the mean time.
Mr. SUMNER. I make the same request
of the Senator. I hope he will not press his
motion now. Let us proceed with this bill, and
try at least to finish it. It comes over as the
unfinished business, and the expectation of the
Senate was that it would be finished to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
expectation of the Senate was to give prece-
dence to the appropriation bills to-day. -If I
were to consult my own personal pleasure, I
should of course yield ; but consulting what I
believe to be the public interests and the abso-
lute necessity of proceeding with the appro-
priation bills, I must submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I, for one, shall be obliged
to vote against the Senator's motion. I hope
the Senate will go on with the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The question being put, the ayes were thirty-
one.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go on and dispose
of Mrs. Lincoln's bill. In half an hour or an
boor it will be out of the way forever.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot refuse to give
precedence to the appropriation bills now.
Mr. SUMNER. We can take up the appro-
priation bill this evening.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cole, Cunklins. Davis, Diake, Edmunds, Gii-
bfrt, Hamilton of Texas, Iiamhn. Howe.^liowell,
Met'reen, jUorriil of Maine, Morrill of \ eimont,
l'ratt, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
tSpenuer, Spraitue, Stew at t, Stockton, Thurman, Tip-
ton. VickLi>, Wtliey, mid Williams—32.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott. Anthony. Carpeiuer,
Chandler, Fentou. Fowler, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald. Nye, Osborn, Pomoroy, Ram-
sey, Riee, Scott, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Wilson,
and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Gorbett, Oragin, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston. Lewis, Morton, Norton,
Patterson, Pool, Revels, Schurz, and Warner—18.
So the motion of Mr. Morrrill, of Maine,
was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The snndry civil
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate take a recess at half past four o'clock until
half past seven o'clock this evening, in order to
consider the pension of Mrs. Lincoln, so that
it may be in order this evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is making a special
order. I object to that now. •
The VICE' PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the bill being made a spe-
cial order, but does not object to a recess. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which requires a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to remind the
Senator from Massachusetts of a thing which, I
think, will cause him to withhold his motion.
There was an understanding on Saturday, which
this motion, should it prevail, would be likely
to interfere with, if that matter should not be
disposed of at half past four o'clock. So I
hope the Senator will say nothing about the
hour of recess at present. We had better not
fix tho hour at half past four, because when
that hour comes the matter to which I refer
may not be disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. My special object is to
make the bill for the relief of Mrs. Lincoln the
order for this evening.
Mr. COLE. If a recess is taken until halt
past seven o'clock, what will be the order of
business ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This appropria-
tion bill, if it should be the unfinished bnsiness
when the Senate go into executive session to-
day, if they shall go into executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If we are to
have an executive session at two o'clock to-
day, and then if I am not to have the session
to-night, I shall feel that this day, so far as
this bill of fifty pages is concerned, has been
spent to very little purpose. I hope the Sen-
ate will give me a continuous session until
this bill is acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine desires this bill to be proceeded with
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
he allow this pension bill to be finished before
the motion is made at two o'clock. We have
had notice of another motion at two o'clock.
Now, would it not be an economy of time to
finish Mrs. Lincoln's pension bill before that,
hour, and then let the Senator have this even-
ing and go on with the appropriation bill then
to the end ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
now. in reply to that, that it is highly necessary
from the condition of the appropriation bills
that this bill should be passed just as speedily
as is practicable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with it, or
something.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to everything except the regu-
lar order. The appropriation bill has been
taken up by a vote of yeas and nays, and is
now before the Senate.
Mr. ED'MUNDS. Then let us go on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless it is laid
on the table or postponed it must be proceeded
with. . ,
Mr. SPRAGUE. I insist on the regu.ar
order
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island demands the regular order, which
is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to ask the Senator
frotn Maine to allow me to call up an appto-
priation bill prior to the consideration ot this
one. I think he will consent to it. it is House
