8546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
thirty-three per cent, upon the whole pay of
Navy officers too small for the consideration
of the irapeachers?
Mr. Chairman, that order of Secretary
Welles was made to prevent exorbitant allow-
ances. It was made in order that every one
interested in the finances of the country might
know exactly what each officer received. It
was after consultation with Senators and Rep-
resentatives belonging to the Republican party,
as well as with those belonging to the Demo-
cratic party. It was an order that was just,
wise, and legal. Secretary Robeson needs no
apologist for continuing the same in force. I
was glad to hear the gentleman say that " if
the pay is not sufficient let it be increased by
the only power that can increase it." I was
glad to see him introduce a tabular statement
of the pay of the Army as fixed upon by the
passage of the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] My honorable
friend thinks that a fair bill, and if I mistake
not, voted for it
I trust the gentleman, when this bill is taken
up by sections, will allow me to insert a section
enacting that the pay of the officers of the Navy
shall be the same as the pay of officers of the
Army with whom they rank. It will settle the
question for the future. I am satisfied that no
officer of the Navy will object to the passage
of such a law. So much for the pay of oar
officers. The condition of our Navy is de-
plored, and yet, while deploring that condi-
tion, it is proposed by that committee to cut
down the appropriation asked for some ten
million dollars. Now, if this reduction was
asked on the score of economy, or for the pur-
pose of lightening the enormous burden of tax-
ation placed upon the people of the country by
Republican rule, I would feel disposed to
second the efforts of the committee. But such
is not the case.
It is intended, unless I mistake my honor-
able friend's position, to expend large sums in
subsidizing ocean steamers built at private
yards by private individuals or incorporated
companies. Why this change? Is it because
vessels built during the war at th§ navy-yard3
proved failures? If bo, does not the same ob-
jections exist to those built by individuals? I
would ask how many of the vessels built by
contractors are now in the service and regarded
as fit for active service? The fact is, Mr.
Chairman, there were many failures, lament-
able failures, in the vessels built by the Gov
ernment, but these resulted from the entire
change in the system of naval warfare which
resulted from the fight of theMerrimac and
Monitor. Every vessel built was an experi-
iment. All was done hurriedly. The press-
ure for anything that could float and carry
guns was such that the Government bought
almost any vessel offered, and built on plans
that were not duly considered, and of such
materials that could be had. If the English
Government is to be imitated in subsidizing
lines of steamers, why not imitate her also in
making liberal appropriations in keeping our
navy-yards?
Wise statesmanship would tell us to avoid
war. "Perpetual peace is the dream of the
wise, war is the history of mankind." Eng-
land, since the year 1088, has been engaged in
seventy-two years of war, at an average cost
of abtfut one hundred and twenty million dol-
lars per year, or of $400 per minute through
all that long period. The enormous cost of
our own wars need not be named to those so
familiar with our various public debts. Sooner
or later war recurs. Common seme and ex-
perience show that we should be prepared to
meet it at all points. Had our Navy been such
as it should have been at the time of the seces-
sion of the southern States the blockade would
have been made immediately effective; and
when once so made, how quick the deprivation
of war material would hav^destroyed the effect-
ive action of the southern forces. It was mis-
taken economy that found us at that time with
so small a Navy. Had there been one that was
commensurate with the dignity and wealth of
the nation it would have saved us untold mil-
lions of treasure, tens of thousands of vacant
firesides, and the fierce and fatal assaults made
upon our Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I regret that
I have been compelled to differ with the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in reference to this
bill. This difference does not relate to the
details so mu^h as the principle of the bill.
My objection is that it is neither the one thing
nor the other. It neither meets the estimates
of the Department to carry out its own plans
and ideas for the future of the Navy, nor does
it reverse those plans and compel the Depart-
ment to conform itself to the policy of Congress.
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in
his very able defense of the Navy, in a speech
which was begun some days ago, commenced
by saying that the Navy had indeed fallen upon
evil times. He recounted the difficulties and
obstacles which it had encountered, and under-
took to contrast its weak condition with the
state of the navies of other nations. I desired
to ask him, first, whether he could account for
this condition of our Navy from anything that
the Navy itself had done; and secondly, whether
in contrasting it with the navies of other nations
he proposed to ask Congress to fashion it after
the navies of the Old World?
He spoke of the navies of England, and
of France, andof the other Powers. He spoke
of a Power now in the West Indies threatening
us with war; that of Spain, with a fleet there
greater than all our fleets.
Well, Mr. Chairman, if there is any purpose
in this contrast, why doe3 he not carry it into
the Army? The Army of the United States
numbers but thirty-two thousand men, yet the
armies of these very nations with which he has
contrasted the Navy of this country now in time
of peace—that of England numbers two hun-
dred and two thousand; that of France, three
hundred and seventy-nine thousand; that of
Austria, two hundred and thirty-six thousand;
and that of this very Spain, eighty-four thou-
sand, three times as large as ours. Does he pro-
pose to contrast our Army with theirs, and to ask
Congress to fashion it after thetj mode and
their ideas; or does he intend with the Navy
to make an exception, and make that like the
naviesof the Old World, while for the Army of
the United States he will still rely upon the vol-
unteers and militia in time of emergency and
war, as we have from the beginning, and with
success and safety and honor to the flag ? Sir,
it would be impossible to begin with, and it
would be unwise, as it would be impossible, for
us to attempt to fashion our Navy according to
that of the Powers with which the gentleman
from Maine has contrasted it.
And here is the failure of the Navy itself.
Not content with the expressed will of the
law-making power, expressed within two years
upon this floor, as was quoted to-day, with
the estimates and appropriations with which
the Navy has been furnished for the last fif-
teen years, it has antagonized itself to the
law-making power; it has insisted upon it
that it would pursue a course inconsistent with
that marked out by the law-making power, and
it antagonized the law-making power with the
purpose of likening itself to the navies of
other Powers. It has always been out of har-
mony with the law-making power. Here to-
day this bill is illustrative of it.
In the Bureau of Construction and Repair,
that in which they should have taken the advice
of the law-making power and conformed them-
selves to what the Congress of the United States
declared should be the limitation upon their
construction of new vessels and repair of old
ones, Congress furnished the present Admin-
istration with $2,600,000 worth of money to
expend in that bureau. I do not intend, sir,
to arraign this Administration with any other
Administration, or any other Administration
with this. The fault is not in the Administra-
tion, but it is in the spirit in which the Navy
itself has been carried on in this struggle be-
i tween it and the law-making power. Congress
declared they should expend only $2,500,000
1 of money. Nine months of the year had not
expired, sir, before they had expended not
only that $2,500,000, but $5,008,890 40, and
came here and asked for $3,000,000 more to
1 be expended in that bureau. We told them,
sir, as distinctly as anything could be declared,
I it was the policy of this Government to curtail
i and limit the Navy in the construction of new
vessels and in the repair of old vessels; and
yet scarcely six weeks of the fiscal year had
passed before they came back to say they had
i expended $2,000,000 upon this $5,000,000,
i making more than seven million dollars in that
single bureau, when at the commencement of
the year they were told by the law-making
power they were to expend on the construction
| of new vessels and on the repair of old vessels
but $2,500,000. They take no note of what
the law-making power prescribes as their limit,
i Sir, the condition of the Navy, so graphic-
I ally described by the gentleman from Maine
j and my colleague on the committee from Cali-
1 fornia, is not owing to hostility to the Navy
. on the part of Congress. For the last ten years,
excluding the years of the war, there have been
appropriated for the Navy large sums ; but,
whether large or small, they are the limitation
upon its magnitude and its appropriation and
its ideas of what a Navy the Government of
, the United States propose to keep up. For
the last ten years the average has been less
than is proposed in this bill by more than two
' million dollars. Excluding the years of the
| war, the expenditures upon the Navy have on
; an average been less for ten year8 than the
! amount of appropriations made by this bill.
i And yet the Navy Department insists that we
shall have $10,000,000 more added to this bill.
Sir, the complaint which the law-making
power has a right to make against the Navy
Department is, that with the money furnished,
the Navy is in this condition. I would like to
ask the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
why it is that the Navy of the United States,
l limited to only eight thousand five hundred
!| men, costs three or four times as much by the
'! man as the navy of Great Britain, which he
'i has lauded so in his speech.
! Mr. HALE. I will answer the gentleman,
i The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield to the gentleman
from Maine?
Mr. DAWES. I have but a very few min-
utes left, and I think I cannot yield. Mr.
Chairman, the estimate for the Navy of the
United States, which only consists of eight
thousand five hundred men, is $28,205,671.
The estimate last year for the whole navy of
Great Britain, which consists of sixty-three
thousand men—more than seven times the
number in our Navy—is only $49,983,000. Sir,
there are two hundred and three vessels in our
1 Navy,and theaveragecostforevery one ofthose
vessels is $138,944, while the average cost for
each vessel of the British navy is $09,000. It
costs for each ton of the tonnage of our Navy
$151 10, but the British navy costs only
$72 66 per ton. It costs us $600 per man to
keep our Navy afloat, to keep it in repair, to
keep it up to its present standard; but it costs
only $60 per man to keep the British navy
; afloat.
The Navy Department has estimated for
repairs, $6,975,000. The estimate of the Brit-
ish navy for the year ending the 31st of March
last for new machinery and repairs, was but
' $3,749,080. While this item costs us $600 for
each man, it costs for the British navy but
sixty dollars. At the same rate of cost as in
England, the whole cost of keeping our Navy
afloat would be just $480,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I desire the committee to
give me but a few moments longer.
