1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
and it is possible that a four auda half per
cent, bond can be so formed as to succeed in
Europe and be sold at par; but not the sort of
four and a half per cent, bond that is offered
in this bill.
And now, Mr. President, I want to ask a
question which has not been answered by the
chairman of the committee; and that is, why
this bill presents three different kinds of bonds
at the same time; three different bonds to go
on the market at the same time, to csmpete
with and jostle each other. We are to offer a
five percent., a four and a half per cent., and
a four per cent, bond at the same time, because
the national banks are required to take one third
of each kind of bonds, the old banks in sub-
stituting their present bonds and the new banks
in being formed. Here we have an assortment;
we offer them at the same time. I ask if they
will not interfere with each other? What is
the _policy of this ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to answer?
Mr. MORTON". Yes, sir; I should be very
glad to hear an answer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Some people prefer a
long bond at a low rate of interest; others
prefer a short bond at a higher rate of interest;
and there is a great variety of opinions in this
country and elsewhere as to the value of these
respective bonds. Now, this bill is intended,
as tar as practicable, to accommodate all sorts
of people. Those who prefer a long bond at
a low rate of interest can be accommodated ;
those who prefer a shorter bond at a higher
rate of interest can be accommodated; and it
docs not necessarily follo w that because a bond
redeemable in ten years is issued bearing five
per cent, interest that a bond bearing four per
cent, interest and redeemable in thirty years
may not be negotiated, as it appears to me.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to state further
that the United States have never offered, I
believe, a bond of merely one kind. Great
Britain never did; and 1 am sure most of the
Governments of Europe have made alterna-
tive propositions in offering loans. In all our
loan laws we have offered different kinds of
securities at the same time, especially in the
law of 1862, which is the foundation of our
present loan system.
• Mr. MORTON. I cannot help regarding it
as an error to offer upon the market three
different bonds at the same time. We have
too many bonds now. We have the ten-forties,
the five-twenties, the sixes of 1881, and the
three per cent, certificates; and now we pro-
pose to add three more to the list. One simple
security well understood and having a distinct
and definite character, bears a far greater
chance of success than a variety of securities,
in the consideration of which the financial
mind becomes confused.
But the reason suggested by the Senator from
Oregon it occurs to me is not a good one. This
bill does notbffer a long bond. The difference
between these various bonds in point of time
is too trifling to justify the difference in the
rate of interest. Nor does the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
propose a'long bond.
Mr. SUMNER. Longer than thecommittee.
Mr. MORTON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that I think not. In the bill there are
three bonds offered, a five per cent, bond re-
deemable in ten years and payable in twenty;
a four and a half per cent, bond, redeemable
in fifteen years and payable in thirty, and a
four per cent, bond redeemable in twenty years
and payable in forty. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers bonds at the same rates and
redeemable within the same periods, but not
payable so soon. Those he proposes are pay-
able in forty, fifty, and sixty years respectively,
I believe. [
Now, I want to say to the Senator from Mas- 1
sachusetts and the chairman of the committee 1
that these bonds are, after all, simply ten, fif-
teen, and twenty year bonds. That is all they
will be considered. Parties in buying these
bonds will take into consideration the time
within when they can be redeemed, for it is
understood that this time of redemption is put
for the purpose of enabling the Government at
that time either to pay them off out of the rev-
enue or to negotiate a new loan and redeem
them; and when the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposes a ten-forty bond it is simply
equivalent to a ten-year bond, and by putting
the additional thirty years to it he gains noth-
ing. Now, if we expect to get the advantages
of a long bond we must take out the right to
redeem in the short time, for these bonds are
simply ten, fifteen, and twenty-year bonds, and
will be so regarded.
Mr. President, here is an illustration right
in point: the sixes of 1881 sell for four per
cent, more than the five-twenties of 1862, draw-
ing the same rate of interest, and why ? Be-
cause the bonds of 1862 were redeemable in
five years ; whereas the bonds of 1881 contain
no clause authorizing their redemption before
they are due. They cannot be taken up until
1881 by the Government if it has ever so much
money. Therefore, they command four per
cent, more than bonds bearing the same rate
of interest, but which are liable to redemption.
Then, again, like the ten-forty bonds, they
cannot be redeemed until 1874, and the fact
that we have now the right to redeem all the
five-twenties and have no right to redeem the
ten-forties before 1874 brings up the ten-forty
bond to within two or three per cent, of the
five-twenty bond, though it bears a less rate
of interest. If we expect to get the advantage
of a long bond we must actually make it a
long bond. If we expect to get the advantage
of forty years we must not include a right of
redemption this side of that time.
When the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses a bond redeemable in ten years and
payable in forty years it will simply have the
advantages of a bond that is payable in ten
years, and he loses the advantage of the addi-
tional thirty years. That might not be the
case with a European bond, where they never
expect to pay their national debt.
Now, Mr. President, I think the sound
policy is to offer a long bond. Let us first
make a calculation of how much of this debt
we propose to turn over to posterity to pay.
That is the first question. I would say, off-
hand, let us turn over $1,000,000,000 to pos-
terity. We can do that by funding $1,000,-
000,000 into a long bond, say, into a bond that
shall not be redeemable this side of thirty
years; say thirty years. The Senator from
New York [Mr. Fenton] last week proposed
forty years. But if we make up our mind
that we will leave a part of this debt for the
next generation to pay let us determine the
amount I suggest $1,000,000,000. Then let
us fund $1,000,000,000 into a longbond, draw-
ing four and a half per cent., redeemable in
thirty years and payable in forty or fifty years,
and pat that on the market, and we can prob-
ably Bell it at par. But we cannot do it, there
is scarcely any use in talking about it, if we
do not offer such a bond.
I think it perfectly right to say that we will
turn over $1,000,000,000 of this debt to the
next generation. It was contracted for their
benefit as much as it was for ours. They will
be just as much morally bound to pay it as we
are, because they reap the benefit of it as much
as we do. This generation will have done
its duty if it shall pay off this debt all but
$1,000,000,000, and leave that to the next. •
But, Mr. President, suppose that we have
money to pay this $1,000,000,000 before the
twenty-five or thirty years run out for which the
bond is made to run, we can do just as we are
doing now. How is that? We go into the
marker now and buy bonds at a premium; we
are now buying at a large premium. A four
and a half per cent, bond will never command
a very large premium. If we have surplus
funds ten, fifteen, or twenty years from this
time to pay on that debt we can buy the bonds
at a very small premium, much smaller than
that which we are now paying; so that we lose
nothing in point of fact by putting the payment
of $1,000,000,000 off, say, for thirty years.
I feel disposed to take a practical view of
this question. Some are in favor of paying the
national debt off in twenty or twenty-five years.
Why, they say, that will be a splendid thing;
it will sound grandly in foreign parts ! I say
it would be an unreasonable oppression of this
generation. It has neither justice nor merit
in it.
I think that it is not very important now to
consider the question of the national banks.
This bill requires the national banks to substi-
tute for their present bonds the bonds to be
created, one third of each kind ; that is simply
equal to a four and half per cent, bond, one
third of five, one third of four and half, and
one third of four per cent, bonds. Why not
require them at once to take a four and half
per cent, bond ? Why require them to take
three different kinds of bonds ? Is there any
reason in it, except that which has been offered
by the Senator from Oregon ?
Now, Mr. President, the bonds held by the
national banks are the only bonds that at this
time we have no interest in funding, and every
five-twenty bond that shall hereafter be de-
posited as security for the currency of the
national banks is for the time as effectually
funded as if it was put into a three and a half
per cent. bond. How ? Because we are tax-
ing the national banks; that is to say, we tax
their bonds in the form of stock, and I had a
statement that I have neglected to bring here,
showing that in 1869 the capital of national
banks amounted to $432,000,000; that the
whole amountof taxes collected off them, State
and national, was nearly $20,000,000; that of
that amount over $10,000,000 are for national
purposes, two and forty-four hundredths per
cent, upon the entire capital of the national
banks. Then the States tax them a fraction
over two per cent. That makes nearly four
and a half per cent. If that is not enough you
can put on more, or, in other words, you tan
rednce the interest upon the bonds deposited
by national banks at your pleasure, without
the necessity of funding the bonds. So I say
that the bonds deposited by the banks are the
only ones now that we are not particularly in-
terested in funding, because we can reduce the
interest upon them at our pleasure; we can tax
away the whole interest if we see proper.
But I think it important to fund these bonds
finally; and why? Becanaasome of these banks
may go out of existence; they may withdraw
their currency and take up their bonds, and
then those bonds may go into the market as
other bonds; and therefore it is important to
fund them; but it has not that immediate im-
portance that there is in funding the bonds that
are in the market.
There are one or two peculiarities about this
bill, in connection with the national banks, to
which I will call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee. The tenth section pro-
vides that parties wishing to engage in national
banks may purchase four per cent, bonds at
par with greenbacks, and upon those four per
cent, bonds they shall get eighty per cent, of
currency. That is the provision of the tenth
section. Under that section parties may bank
exclusively on four per cent, bonds. Under
the eighth section the new banks which are to
be formed, and the old banks are required to
substitute or take the new bonds, and one third
of each kind—one third of five per cent, bonds,
one third of four and one half, and one third
of four per cent, bonds—and they only get
eighty per cent, of currency. Now, why this
difference? Is this intentional or is it acci-
dental? If it is intentional the reason ought
