5434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
joint resolution No. 360. It will take but a
moment to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is its char-
acter ?
Mr. SAWYER. It is in reference to the cus-
tom-house and court-house at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee. It will take but a moment to pass it.
If it is not passed in this form it will fall
between the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that that joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It was so referred, the Secretary states.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is a House bill. I
object to its being taken up now. I ask for
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Rhode Island demands the regular order and
has resumed his seat, and no other business is
in order except a motion to lay on the table or
adjourn.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and the amendments reported by the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading of the
bill, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 3, line fifty-two,
in the appropriations for the revenue-cutter
service, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That the limitation in the provision
relating to revenue-cutters in the act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30.1870, and for
other purposes, approved March 3,18G9, restricting
the number to four, is hereby removed: Provided,
That no expense shall be incurred in excess of the
appropriation of $300,000: And provided also. That
said cutters may be constructed and used as the ser-
vice may require, without rogard to the limitations
contained in said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, after
line one hundred and twenty-four, to insert the
following clause:
For salaries, commissions, and incidental expenses
of four additional land offices created by the acts of
May 11 and 27,1870. $27,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on pageS, line one
hundred and sixty-nine, in the clause making
an appropriation for the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb, to strike out the fol-
lowing :
But no student now at said institution, coming from
said States undersaid acts, shall be supported therein
by the United States, from and after the 30th day of
June, 1871, and no student hereafter coming to said
institution from either of said States under said acts
and this act shall be supported by the United States
during any portion the time he remains therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
line one hundred and eighty-five, to insert the
following:
For the support of the National Association of
Destitute Colore! Women of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, after
line two hnndred and eleven, in the appropri-
ations for the Botanic Garden, to insert the
following clauso : *
For labor and materials for gutters around the
walks. $700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, line
two hundred and twenty-eight, to insert the
word "custom" before the word "house;"
and also in line two hundred and twenty-nine,
to strike outthe word "custom;" so as to make
the clause read:
For completing the custom-house building at Port-
land, Maine, including paving, grading, curbing, and
fencing, $37,222.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and fifty-four, to insert the
following:
For repairs of the old custom-house at Charleston,
South Carolina, to fit the same for a post office,
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, lines
two hundred and sixty-seven and two hundred
and sixty-eight, to increase the appropriation
for the completion of the work on the apprais-
ers' stores in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from
$G9,346 to $126,346.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, line
two hundred and seventy-nine, to strike out
"$40,000" and insert "$61,849;" so that
the clause will read:
For finishing the interior of the court-house
building at Madison, Wisconsin, and for paving,
grading, curbing, sewage, and fencing, $$01,849.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, line
two hundred and eighty-two, to strike out
" $25,000" and insert" §45,000 ;" so that the
clause will read:
For completing the court-house building at Port-
land, Maine, including paving, curbing, and grad-
ing, $45,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line two hundred and eighty-six, to insert the
following :
For continuing tho construction of the court-
house, post office, and custom-house building at
Omaha, Nebraska, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, line
two hundred and ninety-eight, in the appropri-
ation for the post office and court-house in New
York city, to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That no provisions heretofore enacted
shall beconstrued to prevent tin; paymentof amounts
due or to become due under existing contracts: And
provided further. That the total cost of the building
shall not exceed the amount of the estimates of the
plans approved by the Postmaster G-eneral and Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
some explanation of that amendment. The
law providing for the building of the post office
and court-house at New York city was passed
some time ago, before this session, and con-
tracts were made under that law. In the appro-
priation bill passed last April a large appro-
priation was made for that building, but with a
limitation in it that the whole building should
not cost beyond a certain specified sum; and
upon the strength of that limitation of the cost
of the entire building an increased appropria-
tion was made—an appropriation reported by
the committee of conference largely in excess,
if I remember rightly, of the appropriation
which was passed by the Senate. Now, this
proviso, it seems to me, annuls what we did
then, or at least I am afraid it does ; for here
is a proviso in this civil bill:
That no provisions heretofore enacted—
I cannot conceive what that refers to, if it is
not our own act at this session, last April—
shall bo construed to prevent tho payment of
amounts duo or to become due under existing con-
tracts.
Now, if the existing contracts provide for
the whole building then the limitation we put
upon the cost of that building last April goes
for nothing. How that fact is I do not know.
I do not know whether the existing contracts
are for the entire construction of the building
or whether they are limited only to some por-
tion of the work. That is a matter oil which
I wish explanation. I wish to know what will
be the effect of this proviso upon the limit-
ation placed on the entire cost of the building
by the act of April last.
Then comes this other proviso :
And provided further. That the total cost of the
building shall not exceed the amount of the esti-
mates of the plans approved by the Postmaster Gen-
eral and Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, we fixed our own maximum cost
of the building ; but this proviso seems to do
away with that, and leave ifc to some estimate
approved or to be approved, I do not know
which, by the Postmaster General and the
Secretary of the Treasury. I should like to
have some explanation from the chairman of
the committee if he will please to make it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator has
stated the action of the Senate on a former
occasion under the legislation of April last,
so far as it goes. Now, it is found that there is
un existing contract for a portion of the mate-
rials. I am not aware of any contract for {he
completion of the building; but there is a con-
tract outstanding, which was existing at that
time, for furnishing a portion, perhaps the en-
tire portion—I do not know how that is—but
the principal portion of the material for the
construction of the building; for the stone.
This amendment is designed to save any rights
which may exist under that contract, to pre-
vent any embarrassment which might grow out
of it. That resolution of April last contem-
plated a new contract for the very materials
covered by this proviso. Now it turns out
that there is a contract existing there. My
honorable friend will observe that the proviso
is very cautiously drawn:
That no provisions heretofore enacted shall be
construed to prevent the payment of amounts due
or to become due under existing contracts.
I am not aware of any other than the one I
stated, and this particular provision is inserted
simply to obviate what might be an embarrass-
ment on that point.
Now, as to the next proviso, I believe the
resolution also provided for limiting the cost
of the structure; but it provided also that no
contract should be made for the completion
of the entire building until plans and specifi-
cations should be exhibited by the architect to
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General, and had their indorsement
and approval thereon for the construction of
the building. The resolution having provided
for a plan and specifications, it seemed to the
committee that possibly the intention of Con-
gress and the fair implication of the statute
was that the amount should conform to the
plans and specifications which should be so pre-
sented and so approved. Therefore, it seemed
to the committee that the limitation was a
proper one, and so .they say that the total cost
of the building shall not exceed the amount
of the estimates of the plans which are provided
for by the resolution of April last.
If I have made myself understood, then I
have answered the inquiries of the honorable
Senator from Ohio ; and so far as I know and
believe—and. I do know and believe, because I
prepared this proviso—these are the purposes
of the two provisions contained in the amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. I listened with attention
to the explanation of the chairman, and I must
say it is not satisfactory to my mind. Let us
see what it is. In the first place, as to the first
proviso, lie says that before the passage of fche
act of April 20 last, which limited the entire
cost of the building, certain contracts had been
made for material, and that it is necessary to
do away with the limitation in respect to the
cost of those materials thus contracted for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; the Sena-
tor does not quite understand me. I say, by
the force of that resolution 
_ Mr. THURMAN. It was in an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir ; by the
force of that provision the Secretary of the
Treasury was required to make a contract for
the entire building ; and there was a limitation
in it that he should not expend more than
§500,000 in the construction of the building
until such contract was made. Now, if there
was a_contract, as I assume there was, then by
that limitation the Secretary would not meet
the obligations ol the Government ou such
contract, because he was limited to the expend-
iture of §500,000 until such time as he bad
