644
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
41st Gong 2d Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if
ahy person or corporation in this District shall
contract to receive a greater rate of interest
than ten per cent, upon any contract in writ-
ing, or six per cent, upon any verbal contract,
such person or corporation shall forfeit the
whole of said interest so contracted to be
received, and shall be entitled only to recover
the principal sum due to such person or cor-
poration.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person or corporation within the District
of Columbia shall directly or indirectly take or
receive any greater amount of interest than is
provided for in this act, upon any contract or
agreement whatever, it shall be lawful for the
person, or his personal representative, or the
corporation paying the same, to sue for and
recover all the interest paid upon any such
contract or agreement from the person or his
personal representatives, or from the corpor-
ation receiving such unlawful interest: Pro-
vided,, That the suit to recover back such inter-
est shall be brought within one year after such
unlawful interest shall have been paid or taken.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this actcontairied shall be construed
to change the general laws in force in relation
tobankingassociations organized under the act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June three, eighteen hundred and
^lxty-four.
Approved, April 22, 1870.
Ciiat. LX.—An Act to Incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative# of the United Mutes of America in
Congress assembled, ThatTullioS. Verdi, Gus-
tave \V. Pope. C. W, Sormensehmidt, I£. S.
Kimball, and Jehu Rrainerd, and their asso-
ciates and successors, physicians, be, and they
hereby are, made a corporation by the name
of the Washington Homeopathic Medical Soci-
ety, with all the powers and privileges, and
subject to all the duties, liabilities, and restric-
tion a set forth in this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation may hold real and personal estate
to the amount of twenty thousand dollars.
Sec. 'A. And be it further enacted, That the
members of said society, or such of their offi-
cers or members [as they shall appoint,] shall
have the power to practice medicine and sur-
gery and collect their fees within the District
of Columbia.
Sk(\ 4. And be it further cnacted, That the
members of said society, or such of their offi-
cers or members as they shall appoint, shall
havefull power and authority to examine all
candidates for membership concerning the
practice of specific medicine and surgery, pro-
vided said candidates shall sustain a good moral
character, and shall present letters testimonial
of their qualifications from somelegally author-
ised medical institution ; and if, upon such
examination, the same candidates, without,
exception on account of color, shall be found
qualified for the practice of medicine and sur-
gery, they shall receive the certificate of mem-
bership or the license to practice medicine or
surgery within the District of Columbia.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That any
acts or parts of acts conflicting with the pro-
visions of thisact be, and arc hereby, repealed.
Aitkoved, April 22, 1870.
Chap. LXI.—An Act Incorporatinga Hospital
for Foundiiugs in the city of Washington.
Be it enaciedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That G. W. Samson, 0.
O. Howard, 2. D. Gilman, William Stickney,
A. C. Richards, B. Sunderland. A. N. Zevely,
Wright Rives, Dr. James C. Hall, David K.
Cartter, William B. Todd, jr., D. W. Middle-
ton, George L. Sheriff, B. B. French, Joseph
S. Stettinius, and John R. Arison, and such
other persons as may be duly chosen, are
hereby created and constituted a body politic
and corporate, in the District of Columbia,
under the name of the Washington Hospital
for Foundlings, to have perpetual succession,
and be capable to take, hold, and enjoy lands,
tenements, and personal property: Provided,
That no real or personal property shall be held
by said corporation, except such as may be
necessary to the maintenance and efficient
management of said hospital.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation, hereby constituted, shall have
power to fill vacancies in the board of direct-
ors, and to make all necessary by-laws, rules,
and regulations not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
Sec. y. And be it further enacted, That the
management of said hospital shall be under
the control of a board of ten directors. The
hoard of directors shall also have power to
appoint all officers and committees necessary
to the proper administration of the affairs of
the hospital.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
first seven corporators named in the first sec-
tion hereof, together with those who may be
elected and appointed directors, as provided
in the preceding section, shall constitute the
first hoard of directors, who shall, from their
number, elect a president, vice president, sec-
retary, and treasurer ; andlive of the directors,
including either of the above-named officers,
shall constitute a quorum i'or the transaction
of business. It shall be the duty of the presi-
dent and diiectors to report to the Secretary
of the Interior the condition of said institution
on the first day of July in eacli year.
Seo. 5. Anil be it further enacted, That the
object of this association is to found in the city
of Washington a hospital for the reception and
support of destitute and friendless children.
Skc. 0. And be it further enacted, That
foundlings received by this hospital shall be
deemed and considered wholly under the
guardianship, care, and control of said insti-
tution, to be educated, apprenticed, or other-
wise disposed of, in such manner as the direct-
ors of said hospital may, in their judgment,
deem for the best interests of said children
until they shall attain the age of eighteen
years, when saiil care and control shall cease.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted,, That the
property, real and personal, held by said cor-
poration shall be exempt from all taxes and
assessments levied by authority of Congress or
of any municipal corporation within the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Congress may at any time
alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Aitkoved, April 22, 1870.
Chap. LXII.—An Act declaring the Constiuc-
tionof "An Act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute," approved May tenth,
eighteen bundled and sixty-six, and also
"An Act to amend an Act entitled 'An Act
to incorporate the National Theological In-
stitute, and to define and extend the powers
of the same,'" approved March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Whereas an act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute, approved May ten, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, and also an act to
define and extend the powers of the same,
approved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, has [have] been misconstrued by
an attempt to remove the seat of its operations
to a distant'locality, in direct contravention of
said acts; and whereas the following-named
persons, Joseph C. Lewis, Edmund Turney,
John S. Poler, Charles H. Morse, William T.
Johnson, Lindsay Muse, William F. Nelson,
George F. McLellan, Clement Robinson,
George M. Condron, S. Alexander, U. H.
Hutcbins, W. T. Wiswall, S. L. Crissey, con-
tinue to exercise their functions as the execu-
tive committee, by the authority of said cor-
poration at its seat of operations within the
said District of Columbia, according to the
intention of said acts: Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the, Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the seat of opera-
tions of the National Theological Institute and
University, incorporated under the act approved
May tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
which act was amended and extended by the
act of March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, shall be, and the same is hereby,
located within the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to
prevent said corporation from establishing such
branches without the limits of said District as
may be now authorized by law.
Approved, April 22, 1870.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act to redefine a portion
of the Boundary Line between the State of
Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That so soon as the State
of Nebraska, through her Legislature, has
given her consent thereto, the center of the
main channel of the Missouri river shall be the
boundary line between the State of Nebraska
and the Territory of Dakota, between the fol-
lowing points, to wit: commencing at a point
in the center of said main channel, north of
the west line of section twenty-four in town-
ship twenty-nine north, of range eight east of
the sixth principal meridian, and running along
the same to a point west of the most northerly
portion offractional section seventeen, of town-
ship twenty-nine north, of range nine east of
said meridian, in the State of Nebraska, as
meandered and shown by the plats and surveys
of said sections originally made and now on
file in the General Land Office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
respective jurisdictions of said State and Terri-
tory (and of the United States) shall extend to
and over all of the territory, within their limits,
according to the line herein designated, to all
intents and purposes as fully and completely
as if no change had taken place in the channel
of said Missouri river. And the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized and required
to cause to be made all necessary surveys and
meanderings, and to order the transfer of all
plats, papers, and documents which may he
necessary in the premises.
Approved, April 28, 1870.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act granting Lands to aid
in the construction of a Railroad and Tele-
graph Line from Portland to Astoria and
McMinville, in the State of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Ponland to Astoria, and
from a suitable point of junction near Forest
Grove to the Yamkill river, near McMinville,
in the State of Oregon, there is hereby granted
to the Oregon Central Railroad Company, now
engaged in constructing the said road, and to
their successors and assigns, the right of way
through the public lands of the width of one
hundred feet on each side of said road, and the
right to take from the adjacent public lands
materials for constructing said road, and also
the necessary lands for depots, stations, side-
