2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
silk webbing used as there is of cotton web
bing. But for ladies' shoes there is a large
amount used; and the reason why I urge the
committee to adopt the proposition which I
offer is that we are rapidly losing our manu-
factures of shoes for ladies. They are going
to Canada, where the silk webbing can be had
cheap, and because it is an article which we
do not make in this country; because wo have
to import silk under such circumstances that
we cannot do it with any success. In Canada
a large manufacture is growing up; and for the
protection of American labor and of American
manufactures, aud in order to afford the article
still cheaper to the consumer, I move this
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I trust
the committee will not agree to pass this amend-
ment. The gentleman who has moved it spoke
the other day of the lower or cheaper class of
shoes that are manufactured. Now he follows
the amendment which he then moved by taking
up the most expensive shoes that are manu-
factured. He bases this amendment on the
statement that this article is not manufactured
in this country. I tell the gentleman that it is
manufactured very extensively, aud that mil-
lions of dollars have been invested in the man-
ufacture. I wish to state a fact or two for the
consideration of the House. When the gen-
tleman advances the idea that on account of
the protection given the manufacturers of this
country these articles cost the shoe manufac-
turer more to-day than they would if it were
not for the protection to these manufacturers,
he states that which tho facts do not bear out.
It is a fact that these articles are sold to day
at from 25 to 33 per cent, less to the shoe
manufacturer than they were before these man-
ufactures were established in this country.
Previously to the establishment of the manu-
facture in this country wo were dependent upon
foreign manufacturers ; but when the manu-
facture was started in this country, and a mod-
erate ad valorem duty placed on these articles,
the English manufacturers had to go into com-
petition with the American manufacturers, and
tho effect of this competition between the
manufacturers abroad and those who manu-
facture in this country has been to reduce the
price of these very articles to which the gen-
tleman refers. The statistics of the case will
bear me out in the assertion that the price has
been reduced to 25 and 33 per cent.; and now
what the gentleman proposes is to strike down
the manufacture in this country, so that the
foreign manufacturer may monopolize the busi-
ness. All that is asked is that the duties be kept
upon these articles, so that these manufactures
can be sustained and that we may not be thrown
wholly into the hands of foreign capitalists and
foreign manufacturers. My colleague has manu-
factures of this class in his own district, aud his
amendment would strike those manufactures
down so that they could not live for a single
month. My colleague understands that. Why,
then, does he offer this amendment? He would
say that he has more people in his district, so
far as numbers are concerned, engaged in the
manufacture of shoes. But does he propose
to destroy those manufactures and to reduce
the price of the article he refers to in order
to give a monopoly to tho foreign manufac-
turers '! That would be the effect of his amend-
ment, and I hope the committee will not
adopt it.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out "25" andinserting
"50." There is probably no article of manu-
facture in this country in reference to which
the principle proposed to be applied by tho
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
would be more fallacious than to this. His idea
seems to be that by reducing the duty on this
particular land of goods those who make shoes
and those who wear shoes will get the article
cheaper. He is entirely mistaken. As his col-
league [Mr. Washburn] has just stated, this
article was formerly manufactured entirely in
Europe. The European manufacturers con-
trolled the market iu this country altogether.
A few factories have within a few years past
been established in this country, and the effect
of the production of these factories has been
to reduce the price of this article to a very
great extent. Now, if you should shut up those
factories, which the reduction of this duty
would do, you would not reduce the price of
these goods one cent in our market, because
the foreign manufacturer will control that mar-
ket altogether. You will wipe out of existence
not only the factories that make these goods,
but the power that exists in those factories to
control prices and to make these goods cheap.
You destroy the power which we have of pre-
venting the growth of foreign monopolies.
There is another reason why this particular
manufacture should bo protected if any is.
This article of elastic material is an American
invention. It was protected by American pat-
ents until within a recent period. But since
the expiration of those patents the foreign
manufacturers produce the material which our
citizens have invented, and send it to this coun-
try aud pay the duty on it, and yet in many
instances undersell our manufacturers here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I was in hopes we should
get through with all the clauses of the bill in
relation to silk ; there are only one or two lines
more ; but I sec that, this amendment will lead
to further debate, and 1 therefore move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed tho chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of tho (Jnion, according to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. It. No. 10t>8)to amend
existing laws relating to tho duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence for ten days.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Ou motion of Mr. STRADER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for tho withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers iu
the case of Henry Tibby.
ANNEXATION Olf DOMINICA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to annex the republic of Dominica, for
the purpose of having it referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs and printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object unless
the gentleman will take in Ireland and annex
Ireland too.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I-hope
no gentleman will object. I was not in my
seat when my State was called or I could have
introduced it this morning.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will make
a proposition to the gentleman. If he will iet
us buy Ireland and pay for it with the Alabama
claims 1 will not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
a great deal of Ireland here now, but none of
Dominica.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
CELEBRATION OF FIFTEENTH AMKNDMUXT.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House this morning adopted
a resolution to grant the use of this Hall on
next Wednesday evening for the celebration
of the ratification of the fifteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. Did tho gentleman vote
with the majority, or on the prevailing side?
Mr. KELSE Y. I did ; and I think we made
a mistake, and ought to retrace our steps by
reconsidering that resolution. If we grant ihe
use of this Hall for this particular purpose it
seems to me that we cannot with propriety
refuse to grant its use for other purposes here-
after, and I think a great many members of
this House who feel as great an interest as I
do in the event which it is proposed to cele-
brate did not properly consider the subject at
the time they voted in favor of granting the use
of this Hall for that purpose. I now move that
the vote by which that resolution was adopted
be reconsidered.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. RANDALL. Was not the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk informs
the Chair that after the resolution was adopted
a motion to reconsider that vote was made and
laid on the table.
Mr. CESSNA. I heard the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Cobb] move to reconsider
the vote by which tho resolution was adopted,
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move to rescind tho
resolution adopted by the House this morning,
granting the use of this Hall, on Wednesday
evening next, to the colored people of the Dis-
trict ot Columbia to celebrate the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment.
Tho question was taken, vim voce, on the
motion to rescind ; and the Speaker declared
that the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, called for a vote
by a division upon that question.
Mr. ASPER called for the yeas and nays.
Several Members. Oh, no, let it go.
The SPEAKER. If no division is called
the motion will be regarded as agreed to.
No division being called, the motion to re-
scind was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. SOHENCK. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his inquiry.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire, now
that we have rescinded the resolution granting
the use of this Hall for tho purpose indicated,
what will become of the five gentlemen ap-
pointed under another resolution to make
arrangements for the House to take part in
the ceremonics of that occasion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Scixexck] moves that the select commit-
tee appointed under the resolution referred to
by him be discharged from any further duty
under that resolution. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and the select
committee was accordingly discharged.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and accordingly
(at live o'clock and five minutes p. m.) tho
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : Additional papers in sup-
port of the petition of George Denny, of Gar-
rard county, Kentucky, for "pay for corn sold
to the United States.
By Mr. BECK: A memorial of the grand
jury of Rutherford county, Tennessee, and of
the judges of the seventh judicial district of
Tennessee, together with tho communication
of Hon. Charles Ready, relative to the good
order now prevailing in that part of the Stale.
^ By Mr. BUFF1NTON: The memorial of
Thomas Kuowles and 41 others, merchants
and ship owners of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying that the acts reported to tho
House of Representatives by Hon. John
Lynch, as chairman of the select Committee
on the Causes of the Reduction of American
Tonnage, may be passed.
By Mr. BURCHARD: A memorial of citi-
