1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3547
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts cannot obtain such consent from
the committee since the time for genera! debate
has been limited by order of the House. The
gentleman from Massachusetts can only pro-
ceed by obtaining a portion of the time of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGA N. I will yield to the gentleman
a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Making all allowances for
differences in wages, &c., I ask those gentle-
men who stand up here and complain of Con-
gress with regard to the condition of the Navy i
to tell what is the reason of this vast difference?
It is not that there is any special reason for a 1
difference of this kind in the British estimates
of last year, for I have followed them back 1
year after year and find that they vary but little '
this year from the last five years. Taking it!
all through, the British navy, with this small*
estimate, compared man by man, or vessel by i
vessel, or gun by gun, for the last ten years,
has been kept in repair bo that the whole ex-
penditure on repairs is only about one tenth
what it is in our Navy. Yet with the liberal
appropriations which Congress has made for
our Navy, you will find that if you measure it
by the number of men of which we have de-
termined it shall be composed, or if you meas-
ure it by the law of the land, the Navy has run
down into a condition which I do not care to
characterize myself, being content to accept
the representation which its friends give of its
condition.
And the fault, sir, does not lie with Con-
gress. The fault of this lack of efficiency
and energy and spirit and pride in the Navy
of the present day lies somewhere else. I have
as much pride, I believe, in the Navy and in
its past history as any man can have. But it
cannot afford to live on its past history. It will
certainly consume if it do so. It b"S£omes the
Navy ot the United States to recognize the
declared policy of the Government 6f the Uni-
ted Suites, and to conform itself to that policy.
Sir, we have seven navy-yards up on the At-
lantic coast, costing yearly for the officers that
superintend and carry them on, $6T5,000.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield tothegentleman from
New York?
Mr. COX. I only desire to say that the
gentleman from Massachusetts is speaking in
the half hour which I divided between himself
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Only eleven minutes of the time now remain,
and I suggest that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts should now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. DAWES. I yield the floor, then, to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN, In the short time allowed
me I shall not attempt to discuss this question:
in detail nor to enter very much into its merits.
The only purpose that 1 have in addressing
the committee is, if I can, to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs to some
matters connected with the Navy of our coun-
try that certainly need some changes and
reforms, and I will state as briefly as I possibly
can some facts with reference to our Navy.
We have now, I believe, fourteen hundred
and nine officers in the Navy and eighty-live
hundred men in the Navy. We have one offi-
cer to every si* men and a fraction over. The
pay of the Navy of the United States is a little
over^even million dollars. I believe over five
million dollars of that is paid to the officers
of the Navy and the balance to the men. We
have now upon the active list of our Navy, (I
will not speak of the retired officers, who are
very numerous, some seventy odd,) seven hun-
dred and fifty-nine officers at sea and six hun-
dred and fifty #n shore.
We have ten rear admirals, five at sea;
twenty-five commodores, only three at sea;
fifty captains, only ten at sea; ninety command-
ers, only twenty-nine at sea. We have forty-
three vessels in commission. There are now
twenty-four officers at the Washington navy-
yard. The gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Stevens] made a statement to-day re-
specting the navy-yards throughout the country,
and hence I will not take up time in stating
the number of officers at the different navy-
yards. But I will call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to one case as illustra-
tive of the position of affairs at the different
navy-yards throughout the United States where
naval officers are stationed. Take Washing-
ton city, for example, and let me call the atten-
tion of the committee to some facts. How
many naval vessels you have here I cannot
say. Perhaps the Committee on Naval Affairs
can tell. Perhaps you have one old tub, or
perhaps two or three old vessels laid up here.
How many officers have you here to man the
ships that lie here at the wharf in Washington
city ? One vice admiral, eleven rear admirals,
ten commodores, six captains, fifteen com-
manders, seven lieutenant commanders, three
lieutenants, four masters, nine engineers, six
paymasters, two passed assistant paymasters,
two assistant paymasters, seven surgeons, one
assistant surgeon, sixchiefengineers,one assist-
ant chief engineer, two second assistants, and
two navalconstructors, besides seven professors
at the Observatory, their pay amounting to
nearly four hundred thousand dollars. You
have, sir, in Washington city naval officers on
duty to the number that I have given you, being
paid from the Treasury of the U nited States over
$336,000. For what purpose ? I ask the Co m-
mittee on Naval Affairs to tell me ; I want to
know. And I desire in making this statement
to call the attention of the country to the fact
that the legislation of the country is such that
the taxes paid by the people are being absorbed
by men who have no duties to perform whatever.
I have no opposition to the Navy, but I do
feel, as a Representative of the people, that we
have officers enough in the Navy to officer a
navy sufficient almost to make war against any
marine or naval force of any Government in
the world, and but few men. Why should we
keep this swarm of officers without any neces-
sity for them?
Again, let me call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs and of the Committee
on Appropriations to another fact. The esti-
mate of the Secretary of the Navy for the next
fiscal year, as stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] is $28,205,67137.
That is the estimate of the Secretary of the
Navy for a Navy with eighty five hundred men,
and forty vessels in commission, and only two
hundred and three vessels in all. The English
navy has seven hundred and nineteen vessels
in commission, and is building, besides,.four-
teen heavy iron-plated steamships, averaging
thirty-five hundred tons each, and the largest
of six thousand tons.' They have sixty-three
thousand three hundred men in their navy and
seven hundred and nineteien vessels. We have
eighty-five hundred men, and forty vessels in
commission, and two hundred and three ves-
sels in all. The. British Government, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts has said, appro-
priated for the last fiscal year $49,983,205 in'
all for the support of their navy. Now> our
Navy Department asks us to appropriate
$28,205,671 37 for the support of our Navy,
being but $21,777,533 63 less than the appro-
priation for the pay of the British navy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
proposes to yield the remainder of his time to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. LOGAN. I will take one minute more.
Inasmuch as I have no time to discuss this
question, I want to call the attention of the
Committee of the Whole to one thing in a re-
port made by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Obth] from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is report No. 65, which I ask every member
of this House to send to the document-room
and get and read. And I pledge you my word
that if you will read that report in relation to
the atrocities committed in Paraguay, and the
attempts against our minister there, and against
citizens in his suite, and the refusal on the part
of our two admirals, Godon and Davis, to per-
form their duty, and the bloody outrages per-
petrated by the officers of that Government, it
will almost make your hair stand on your head.
And when you have read it you will find that
the conduct of these two admirals, instead of
being censnred and they dismissed from the
service, as you and I would have done, and as
should have been done, was approved by the
Secretary of the Navy. I ask gentlemen to
send and get that report, and read it for their
own satisfaction, in order that they miy determ-
ine whether the Navy Department obeys any
law or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is entitled to the floor
for two minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I hope no one will object to
the gentleman having more time.
Mr. BECK. I want only five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have no
power to extend the time fixed by order of the
House for debate.
Mr. COX. I hope no objection will be made.
The CHAIRMAN. After the time has ex-
pired fixed by the House for general debate the
bill will then be read by paragraphs for amend-
ment, and will be open to debate under the five-
minutes rule. But the committee cannot extend
the time fixed for debate by order of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the committee
now rise, for the purpose of getting from the
House an extension of the time for general
debate.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope not.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. RANDALL. Only two minutes more
are want#! ; why not grant it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman ii that the committee now rise ; which
motion is not debatable.
The question was then taken on the motion
that the committee rise ; and it was not agreed
to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is entitled to the floor.
Air. BECK. Mr. Chairman, twoor three min-
utes is a very short time in which to throw any
light on a bill like this. 1 do not expect r,o do
so. I suppose we have reduced the estimates
as mnch as is possible. The Secretary esti-
mates for $24,598,277 36, and this bill appro-
priates $16,841,845 62; a reduction of the esti-
mates of $7,756,431 74. But what I want to
show is that the statement I made a month or
so ago, that the expenditures of the Govern-
ment for the current fiscal year amounted to
almost four hundred million dollars, instead
of a fraction over three hundred million dol-
lars, as- its leading friends claim, can be now
verified, at least'sofar as the Navy is concerned.
At the commencement of the current fiscal
year the unexpended balances in the Treasury,
which must be added to the appropriations of
nearly three hundred million dollars which the
Secretary certified would be expended during
the year, are about ninety-four million dollars.
Over sixteen million dollars of these balances
were carried to the credit of the Navy Depart-
ment. We appropriated for the use of the Navy
for the current year, in addition to the balance,
$15,807,431 60, making in all $31,814,585 97.
My colleague on the Committee on Appropri-
ations, [Mr. Washburn,] who is managing
this bill, undertook to show to the House,
in reply to my former argument, that the
$94,000,000 of balances on hand at the begin-
ning of this fiscal year would not be materially
diminished, butsubstantially that amount would
be on hand to carry forward to the next fiscal
year.
I am now prepared to prove, and to call on
him to verify my statement, that all the bal-
