3548
Tgt TONGBBSSiaiUk
May IT,
auces as well as all the appropriations fg v. the
Navy have been spent, except the $l,QOO'.<nO
which the Secretary says can be carried i> •'
ward, and I am prepared to show farther that
over seven million seven hundred and ninety
thousand dollars in addition to all this, being
proceeds of sale of property belonging to this
Government, have al^o been received and ex-
pended by thi3 department during the year,
making over thirty-eight million dqllars ex-
pended, although only $15,80(7,431 60 were
appropriated; making intuisDepartment alone
an excjess of expenditures over the annual ap-
propriation of over twenty-two million dqllars.
. 1 proposed to show, if I had been allowed
ten minutes, that extravagancy of.expenditures
was the rule and not the exception, not only in
this but in all the Deportments of the Govern-
ment; that we have to keep up the machin-
ery of five or'six different bureaus in each of
the navy-yards of the country, when two, in my.
judgment, would be ample; and that by this
cumbrous system millions are wasted annually.
And I desired especially to prove, by the letter
of the. Secretary of the Treasury to this House,
date.d February 22, 1870, being Executive
Document No. 188, wherein he gives certified
copies of the pay-rolls of the Treasury Depart-
me tit for the month of December, 1869, which
I hold in my hands and call the attention of
ihe House to, that there were thirty-three hun-
dred and seventy-six employes drawing pay
in that Department alone for that month—if
1 have succeeded in counting the names cor-
rectly—which I assume is a fair average, which
is nearly sixteen hundred mora than is author-
ized by law to be employed there.
At the first session of this Congress the Com-
mittee on Appropriations called upon the Sec-
retary for a full and complete list of all the
employes in that Department winch we're au-
thorized by law, and also for a full and complete
list pf the number actually employed. The
lists were furnished, and will be found.attaclied
to the speech of my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr.LAWREXCE,] in the Globe of April 3,
1S09,being volume seventy-four, page 482. The
first table shows that the whole number author-
ized.by law to be employed was seventeen
hundred and eighty-five; that the whole number
actually employed was twenty-seven hundred
and eighty; nearly one thousand more than
the law allowed.
The committee, and especially Judge Law-
jiexce, complained and remonstrated against
this state of things, and the only excuse was
that Secretary Boutwell had found this number
of supernumeraries when he entered the office,
and that he would proceed at once to reduce
the number. The excuse seemed reasonable.
What do we find now? or at least in December,
1809—it is, perhaps, worse now. A further in-
crease_ of about six hnpdred over the illegal
excess of one thpusand in April last, or sixteen
hundred more th§n the law allows, X do not.
know to what grades the excess of employ6s
belong, nor what pay they draw; but supposing
them to draw the average pay of the lowest
grade male clerk, the amount annually thus ille-
gally paid is over one million nine hpndred
thousand dollars, and the excess over the ille-
gal payments of last April is $720,000; and
yet it is pretended that the Government is being
economically administered. Such pretenses,
are all a fraud and a cheat.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAJRMAN. The tiipe allowed by
the House for general debate has expired.
Mr. COX. is it in order to move that the
Committee of the Whple now rise for the pur-
pose of obtaining an extension of the time
allowfcdjor debate ?
The CHAJRMAN. It is in order to mpve
that the CQlgtyiittee rise.
Mr. COX. tgave up my half hour to gen-
tlemen upon thetQther side, and they would
not allow two minutes to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] on this side of the
House.
Mr. LOGAN. I gave up all the time I had
left.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman sub-
mit any motion ?
Mr. COX. No; I will not make any motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be'
read by paragraphs for amendment.
The following paragraph was read :
For pay of .commissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on special scrvice, and of those on the
retired list and unemployed, and for mileage or
transportation of officers traveling under orders,
$4,000,000. H
Mr. WASHBURN, of ^Yisconsin. I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropriations,
to move to amend the paragraph just read by,
adding to it the following:
Provided, That no allowance shall hereafter be
made to any offieerin thonaval service of the United
States for drawing bills, for receiving or disbursing
money, or transacting any business for the Govern-
ment of the United States; nor shall he be allowed
servants, or pay for servants, or elpthing or rations
for them, or pay for the same; hor sh 411 any allow-
ance be made to him for rent of quart era, or to pay
rent for furniture, or for lights or fuel or transport-
ing baggage-
Mr. XlAYNARD. It seepp^ to me that this
amendment proposes new legislation. I believe
I paust raise a point of order on it.
Mr.WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. Mi;.,Chair-
man, this amendment is a reenactmenf—
Mr. SARGENT. I raise a point of order
on the amendment, that it is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.,
Mr. WASHBURNv of Wjseqnsin. I appeal
from the decision of. the phair. This is no
new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able, , ' ,
Mf. WASHBURN* of Wisconsin I appeal
from the decision .of the Chair.
Me. DAWES. I hope the Chair %yill indulge
me in a single remark. I think thaton further
reflection the Chair will per haps recQpsidej his -
decision. , :
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point pf order '
that the appeal is not debatable, ;
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal i§ notdebat- j
able. The. question is whether the decision of.
the Chair shall stand as the judgment of the j
committee ?
Mr. SCOEIELD. I hope the, gentleman
from California [Mr- Saugpnt] will not raise
any objection to allowing the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to make his sug-
gestion.
Mr. SARGENT. I must object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is whether
tlie decision of the Chair shall stand as the
judgment of the committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of 'WiacoMip. I will
modify my amendment. , ,
the CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that ,
the first part of the amendment would bp ip
order, but the latter part of it is not.
Mr* WASHBURNVof Wisqansin. I modify
my amendment so as to read, " tjiat no mpney ,
hereby appropriated shall be expended," $c. j
The CHAIRMAN. The amendmeutip that
form will be ip order. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
amendment proposes substantially to reenact
a proyiso which was incorporated in the law
of 1835, a proviso which was sought to be re-
pealed in I860, which was not repealed at that ■
time, and the repeal of which, even if it had
been accomplished, wpuld not have h$,d the i
effect to give allowances to naval officers. In i
offering this amendment I have nothing to say
in regard to the pay of the officers of the Navy. ,
I do not say that in receiving the thirty-three :
per cent., they have received more than they
ought to have had; but I state that they have
received it without authority of law, and in
violation of law. Whenever a .proposition to
increase their pay shall come up, I shall bei'
prepared to say whether in my opinion such a
proposition should be favorably acted on or
not; but inasmuch as the thirty-three per cent,
has been paid to officers pf the Navy without •
qu^hor^ty of law, I propose by this proviso to
remove any excuse or pretense whatever for
the continuance of this abuse.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Has not the construc-
tion given by the Navy Department found its
place regularly in the estimates ever since, and
have not the appropriation bills been passed
from year to year in accordance with those
estimates?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
estimates have been made for the payment of
t^iis thirty-three per cent.; but I presume mem-
bers in voting, the allowance supposed that
there was law authorizing it; but there is no
such law-
Mr. MAYNARD. Appropriationshavebeen
made to cover this thirty-three per cent. Those
appropriations gave the allowance the author-
ity of law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No one
can pretend to say that there is any law author-
izing thisj allowance.
Mr. SARGENT1. I move to amend the
amendment by striking it out and inserting in
Heu of it the following:
Provided, That out Of the monoy hereby appro-
priated the compensation of the officers of the lino
of the Navy on the'active list shall be the same as
that of :the officer* of the Army with whom they
have ralativo rank; and the staff officers of the Navy
shall, receive p;(y according to their rebitive rank
under the general order of the Navy Department of
March 13, 18(53.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
clearjy not in order.
Mr, SA.RGENT. The amendment is ob-
viously" in order, provided the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin, for
which | offer this ^s a substitute, is in order.
This amendment, like his., proposes to direct
the manner iii which the money appropriated
by this "bill for the pay of officers shall be
expended.
Now, sir, the proposition of the gentleman
is a most cruel one. Thp gentleman himself
will not deny that the effect of his amendment
is to reduce the pay of naval officers', especially
those of the lower grades,-below the rates at.
which they can possibly subsist.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I rise to
a question of order. This amendment proposes
an increase of tlie pay of the Navy, and is new
legislation.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; the proposition
of the gentleman proposes to decrease the pay
of the Navy. 1 \yould like to know how it is
to be determined, except in the way of argu-
ment, whether the amendment increases the
Ray-
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly it changes the
pay of the officers of the Nayy, and in toy
opinion very unjustly.
; Mr. SARCrSNT. It.simply directs how the
money appropriated for the pay of the Navy •
shall Jbe speeded. I- simply want to apply to
the Nayy the rule, advocated by the able gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr, Logan] with refer-
ence to the Armjf, and incorporated in the bill
on that subject.,
Mr. LOQAN. If the gentleman will take a;
suggestion from me 
Mr. SARGENT. I will with pleasure.
Mr.: LOGAN- I will then make this sugges-
tion. If the Army bill with the section rela-
tive to pay should become a law, it will be easy
to regulate the pay of the Navy in some way by
a similar bill, which I hope will be done. I
suggest this, if the Army bill should not pass
it would then be impossible to pay the Navy as
is suggested by the gentleman from California.
Officers of the Army now are paid in various
allowances. They have allowances for horse-
feed and for servants' clothing, and for many
other, things which naval officers do not have.
We could not, therefore, pay naval officers
under the -same rule by which officers of the
Army are now paid. If the Army bill, how-
ever, should pass, regulating the pay of Army
officers* by giving them fixed salaries in place
