5486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
tlie width of a whole block? It will cost
$3,000,000 before it is done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Na; not half
a million. '
Mr. COLE. This proposition has been
earnestly urged by the War Department and
the various heads of bureaus connected with
it. There is a report published which perhaps
the Secretary might read, or I will state the
substance of it. The War Department is now
paying annuallyrent to the amount of $61,124
for some thirty or forty buildings scattered over
the portion of the city near where the War
Department now is. These buildings, many of
them, are very unfit for the uses to which they
are appropriated. Many of them were con-
structed for private residences, and are inse-
curely built as regards danger from fire, and
from access of burglars, and for other reasons.
The records of the War Department are neces-
sarily contained in these insecure buildings.
To illustrate it: the Quartermaster General's
office contains all the records of that branch of
the War Department; all the vouchers, I believe,
that have been received for disbursements
during the war. It was stated before the com-
mittee by General Meigs that he had in his
office vouchers or evidences of indebtedness
amounting to over a thousand million dollars,
which were liable to destruction at any moment.
But not only the Quartermaster General's
branch of the War Department, but several
other branches of it are situated not only no
better than that, but some of them even worse.
These records are all exceedingly insecure. A
conflagration of one of these thirty or forty
buildings that are now rented at high rates
would probably produce damage to the Gov-
ernment amounting to more than the appar-
ently large appropriation that is proposed by
the amendment.
The proposition, I believe, involves an ex-
penditure of $300,000 for the purchase of such
ground as the Government does not now own,
adjoining Winder's building, which is owned
by the Government and which is fire-proof,
and for the purpose of making an additional
building, which shall be lire-proof, for the sev-
eral offices that are now without accommoda-
tion, except in rented buildings which are in
a very insecure condition.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question. Does he believe that that
property can be purchased which is owned by
private owners there, and Winder's building
extended over the whole of it, for $300,000 ?
Mr. COLE. That is the estimate of the War
Department.
Mr. THURMAN. That the ground can be
purchased and the building made for that?
Mr. COLE. I suppose so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir;
wholly completed for that.
Mr. COLE. It is optional with them to go
in either direction from Winder's building, and
they can get ground and put up a building at
that rate. This is not to be an ornamental
building ; but more for a depository of records,
such as other Governments have, than as an
ornament to the city or for show as a building
lor the War Department proper. Here is the
report, which contains the facts in the case, and
also a communication from the War Depart-
ment.
As was stated the other day by some Sen-
ator—I do not now remember wht—the War
Department have been for a long time very
anxious to be relieved from the danger under
which they are now.
I will state further, that these rented buildings,
scattered over a large portion of the city,
thirty or forty, as it is stated, render it neces-
sary to have watchmen and policemen night
and day to guard them. That, of course, adds
to the expense that is incurred in the way of
rent. Besides that, they are inaccessible to
each other, rendering it necessary to keep
messengers to run from one bureau to another,
and that, of course, involves an additional
expense. I believe this is a matter of strict
economy and can be urged on that ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Winder's
building is one of the cheapest buildings the
"to
building is now situated, up to G street, and
then further west to the extent named in the
amendment. Anybody who was present at the
funeral of Secretary Stanton must have noticed
that almost the entire western part of the city
was covefed with crape, in consequence of the
necessity under which the War Department
labors of renting twenty-five or thirty or forty
buildings-—! do not know how many, but very
many—for their accommodation. I believe
we have vacated the large building owned by
Mr. Corcoran, the art building, so that the
War Department is now subjected to greater
inconvenience than usual.
It' is merely proposed to build one of the
cheapest kind of fire-proof buildings in order
to hold such documents as it ought to hold safe
from fire in the War Department and to accom-
modate the Surgeon General and the Quar-
termaster General, and various other officers
of the Department. It seems to me indispens-
able. The recommendation has been made
after a full conference with the War Depart-
ment, on a proper estimate of the cost ot' the
laud and of putting up the building. This is
supposed to be sufficient to pay for the laud
and to put up the building and complete it.
Mr. THURMAN. One word more on this
matter, and I will not delay my friend any
more with his bill. As to this talk of the in-
security of papers, every Senator knows that
there never was a bill brought into Congress
to erect a public building that we did not have
that same old story about the papers being
insecure. It is nearly as old as the Psalms.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio will recognize the fact that Winder's
building is the only building appropriated to
the use of the War Department that is fire-
proof ; and they all ought to be.
Mr. THURMAN. In reply to what my friend
says about the many houses used and occupied
in the west end of the city by the War Depart-
ment, let me say that the way to get rid of
them is to reduce your Army and send one
half of the staff officers who are here in Wash-
ington into the field. They are the men who
are occupying these buildings; they are the
men who are occupying them without anything
to do. Send one half of them into the field
instead of their lounging around Washington
city, and you will get rid of half of your rents.
Now, if you are to have a decent War Depart-
ment budding, as you ought to have and as I
confess you have not, take the responsibility of
beginning it; but do not make it a little half-sort
of a War Department, as this is, and then pre-
tend that you can make it at a cost of $300,000.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 36, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot!". Ames, Rayflrd, Borewan,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conkhng, Corbett, Edmunds, Kenton, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton ot Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
llowe, Johnston, Morrill cf Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, O&born, Pool, Prall, Ramsey, Rice, Saw-
yer, Scott, Speneer, Stockton, Vickers, Warner, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Yates—3d.
SAYS — Messrs. Casaerly, MoCreery, Ross, and
Thurm.1,11—4.
ABriEXT —Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cattell,
Cragin, Dayis. Drake, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, llowell, Kellogg, Lev/is, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rev-
els, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scburz, Sherman. Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, ana
Wilson—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert as lines four hun-
dred and four hundred and one the following:
For tlie improvement of Bulkhead rock, in Prov-
idence river, Rhode Island, $2,o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seventy-seven, to strike out after the
word "Point" the word "Reyes," and insert
in lieu thereof the word "Kyes;" soastoread:
For light-house and fog-signal at Point . .
California, $45,000 in addition to former appropria-
tions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wanted to call atten-
tion to the provision in regard tothe Columbus
arsenal. Does the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations prefer to go through
with his amendments first?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yea, sir; that
is the usual course.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I shall not
interpose now.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in line five hun-
dred and ninety-one, to reduce the appropri-
ation "for flower-pots, mats, and twine," in
the appropriation for "public works in and
around Washington," from "$1,000" to'
"$500."
The amendment waa agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fiv« hun-
dred and ninety-three, to strike out " $1,500"
and insert "$500;" so as to read "for fuel
for center building of the Capitol, $500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines six hun-
dred and six hundred and one, to strike out
'• $2 50" and insert " fifty cents," and after
"day" to insert "additional;" to strike out
"$2,347 50" and insert "$500;" so as to
read :
For hire of three horse? and carts in the public
grounds at fifty cents per day additional each, $500 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nej&t amendment was in line six hundred
and four, to strike out the word "two" and
insert the word "one;" so as to read "for
purchase and repair of tools for public grounds,
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and six, to strike out the word "five"
and to insert " two;" so as to read "for pur-
chase of trees and tree-boxes, to whitewash
tree-boxes, &e., $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Washington aqueduct, in line six
hundred and forty-four, to strike out "fifty"
and insert "forty;" so as to read "for rent
and purchase of land at bridge No. 6, in George-
town, $2,640."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and fifty-four, to strike out the words
"broken stone" and to insert the words " slope
wall for ;" so as to read:
For completing the distributing reservoir accord-
ing to the original plan; first, slope wall for protec-
tion of banks, $30,000, A;c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and sixty, to strike out "180070" and
insert "1870so as to read "for arrears of
superintendence and repairs to July 1, 1870.
$4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hundred
and sixty-three, to increase the appropriation
for superintendency and general repairs of
Washington aqueduct from $1,200 to $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
from Maine has no objection, as the hour for
that purpose has arrived, I will submka motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
oi executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that question is
taken, I ask the indulgence of the Senator
from New York only for a minute to call up
