THE 00¥&!1SM)NAL OLOBE.
January 11,
Bette, and others, citizens of Burrbak, Mich-
igan, asking far the repeal of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of H. A.
Perkins and others, for abolition of franking
privilege.
By Mr. TANNER: A petition from sundry
citizens of Sandy Hill, New York, for the abo-
lition -of the franking privilege.
Also, a.petition of sundry citizens of Wash-
ington county, New York, for a pension to the
surviving soldiers of 1812.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Troy,
New York, for an increase of the salary of let-
ter-carriera.
By Mr. T WICHELL: Th e memorial of John
Weylerant, Owen Burroughs, Ira E. Neville,
Lewis A. Searles, and Richard Welden, of
the United States ram Lancaster, for bounty
money.
By Mr. TYNER: A petition of citizens of
Fairmoant, Indiana, asking the passage of a
law requiring prepayment of all domestic post-
ages, exeept on such mail matter as may be
entitled to free delivery by special enactment.
By Mr. UPSON: A petition of the Board
of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio, for a free banking
law.
Also, a petition of tbe Board of Trade of
Cleveland, Ohio, that Cleveland be made a
port of entry.
By Mr. VAN HORN: A petition for allow-
ance of bounty and pension to Margaret C.
Mills.
By Mr. "WELKER: The petition of A. S.
McClure, G. B. Somn^ers, and 57 others, citi-
zens of Wooster, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of Oliver
Garrison, Jules Valle, Charles P. Chonteau,
C. S. Greely, S. M. Edgell, Lewis V. Bogy,
Wymon Crow, W. I. Lewis, and others, re-
questing Congress to make no reduction in the
tariff on pig-iron.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : A petition of citizens
of Columbia city, asking the passage of a law
requiring prepayment of all domestic postage,
except suck mail matter as may be entitled to
free delivery by special enactment.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 11, 1870.
^ Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday, but before concluding,
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with, if
there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Ihc VICL PRESIDENT, The Secretary
will continue the reading of the Journal.
_ The reading of yesterday's Journal was con-
tinued and concluded.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of the city of Albany, New York, pray-
ing for the erection of a public building to be
used as a post office and otherwise; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a memorial of builders of 1
steam-engines and machinery of New York, ;
remonstrating against the extension of the i
patent of George H. Corliss for improvements I
m the steam-engine; which was referred to the !
Committee on Finance. !
Mr. HAMLIN" presented the memorial of
JiiUgene Sfcreck, late first lieutenant and adiu-
tantin the twenty-third regiment of Kentucky
infantry volun teers, praying for arrears of pay; i
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Washington city, District of Columbia, re-
monstrating against the passage of the bill to
amend an act incorporating tbe National Junc-
tion Railway Company, and against the pas-
sage of any act giving authority to construct
a tunnel for railway purposes under the line
of M street north, or any of the property lying
or fronting thereon ; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
_ Mr. ANTHONY presonted a memorial of
citizens of Rhode Island, builders of steam-
engines and machinery, remonstrating against
the granting of the petition of George H. Cor-
liss for the extension of his letters-patent of
March 10, 1849, for improvements in thesteam-
engine ; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
He also presented a remonstance of the Prov-
idence Tool Company, against the granting of
the petition of George H. Corliss for the exten-
sion of his letters-patent of March 10, 1849,
for improvements in the steam-engine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
John Haley ^ latecorporal company G, fifteenth
regiment Michigan infantry volunteers, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Adrian S. Lee, of Jericho, Vermont, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition of
citizens of Meriden, Connecticut, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
North Woodstock, Connecticut, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented tbe petition of
Joseph Gill and others, of Hancock county,
Illinois, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of H. C.
Ellis and ninety-nine Others, citizens of Ken-
tucky, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
SUMNER. I present the petition of
William II. Vesey, late United States consul
at Havre, with accompanying papers, in which
he asks for relief on account of a loss of $1,518
deposited by him on account of the fees of his
consular office in the banking house of Messrs
Greene and Company, of Paris, and lost by
their default. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
xwr' W-kLEY presented the petition of P.
II. Johnston, praying for eompensationfor ser-
vices rendered in carrying the mail of the
United States-on routes 4389 and 4340, in the
county ?>f Wythe, Virginia; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citi-
zens of the county of Elkhart, Indiana, praying
the enactment of a law for the compulsory
prepayment of all domestic postages except
on such matter as may be entitled to free
delivery bv special enactment; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
Caluorma, which asks, in furtherance of com-
mercial intercourse between this country and
China, that the mission to China be made in
all respects a first-class mission. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
ilie motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Connecticut, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of John
.rark and others, honorably discharged sol-
diers, praying the enactment of a law granting
them the same bounty as was paid to those
who served less than two years and were
discharged by reason of wounds; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of W. M. Staf-
fard, of Montana Territory, praying copipen-
sation for his services as acting United States
attorney for the district of Montana; which
■was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of John E.
Tappan, praying to be reimbursed for two hun-
dred and sixty cords of wood burned by the
Arapahoe Indians in February, 1867; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of John E. Tap-
pan, praying payment for wood taken for tfie
use of the garrison of Fort Dodge, Kansas, in
the year 1867 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I find on my desk a
petition from Clara G. Scott, a citizen ot the
State of Kansas, representing that she served
in the hospitals during the war, taking care of
sick and wounded soldiers, for which she has
received no compensation, and having aban-
doned her profession as teacher during that
time she asks that suitable compensation may
be granted to her. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Phelps Paine have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and papers from the files of the
Senate,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the bill (S. No.
15) for the more equal distribution of national
banking capital: the bill (S. No. 103) to es-
tablish additional national banks secured by
United States bonds and to secure redemption
of their circulation in coin; and tbe bill (S.
No. 358) for the more equal distribution of
national banking capital, report them back
and a3k that they lie on the table. The ideas,
so far as they are approved by the committee,
contained in these bills have been embodied
in a separate bill, which I propose to report
immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bills just
reported will be ordered to lie on the table if
there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee have
directed me to report a bill (S. No. 378) to
provide a national currency of coin notes and
to equalize the distribution of circulating notes;
and I give notice that early next week, perhaps
on Monday, I shall desire to call the bill up
with a view to its passage.
The bill was read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
t ¥rii SUMNER. I desire to give notice that
1 snail to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the refunding and consolidation
of the national debt, to extend banking facil-
ities, and to establish specie payments; and
that I, on introducing it, shall make a state-
ment showing its object and character.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S
No. 378) supplementary to " An act to provide
for the summary trial of minor offenses a^air^t
the laws of the United States,'' approve<fjnnc
' 18o4; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciarv,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and byunanimoua consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 37-1)
to extend the_ time for the Little Rock and
Port [smith Railroad Company to build the first
section of twenty miles of said road; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
