1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2605
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, live inspectors of Indian affairs, who, with
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs for the time being, shall constitute
a board, a majority of whom shall be aquorum to do
business. The Secretary,of tbe.Interior shall be the
president of said board, which, when duly organized,
shall elect a secretary. Thus constituted, it shall be
attached to the Department of the Interior.
Mr. STEWART. Let the reading be sus-
pended. I riae to a point of order. This is
simply a concurrent resolution for a commit-
tee, and that proposed amendment is a matter
of legislation. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order upon this ground: a
concurrent resolution cannot be amended to
make it a law. A concurrent resolution affects
only the two branches of Congress, the Senate
and House of Representatives. Matters af-
fecting other persons outside of the three hun-
dred or three hundred and fifty persons who
compose the Senate and House of Representa-
tives mast be enacted bylaw, and that law must
l)c passed in conformity with the Constitution
of the United States; it must be passed by
both Houses, and signed or vetoed by the
President, and passed over his veto, if he shall
veto it. As this is a concurrent resolution it
is not amendable in the shape suggested by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that the
point is correctly ruled by the Chair, but I was
under the impression that this was a joint reso-
lution. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; .it is
a concurrent resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer an amendment, to
insert at the end of the resolution the words,
"That said committee shall not continue
beyond the present, session."
Air. EDMUNDS. That is the effect of it
now. The amendment is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President——■
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to speak on this amendment or on the
resolution itself ?
Mr. DAVIS. On both. However, I have
no objection to allowing a vote to be taken on
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. DAVIS. I now wish to say a few words
upon this resolution- itself. I am totally op-
posed to the passage of the resolution. The
proposition which I desired to submit as an
amendment was the bill that has been reported
unanimously from the Comiiiittee on Indiaft
Affairs to regulate the relations between the
Indians and the Government of the United
Slates. If this concurrent resolution paSs, it
puts aside every proposition to modify 6r to
improve the nature of the relations between
the Government of the United States and the
Indian tribes. The chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, with the unanimous concur-
rence of that committee, reported a bill that
proposed to regulate and to take up the whole
subject of our relations with the Indians. It
was a bill prepared1, as I understand, by a com-
mittee of the Friends, who are now specially
charged by the Government with the supervis-
ion of Indian affairs* It was submitted to one
of the Senators from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and, as I understand, received.his most
hearty approval. It was presented to the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, deliberately considered by them, and
received their hearty concurrence, with some
slight modifications and amendments which
have been reported to the Senate. This new
scheme of regulatingouraffairs with the Indians
struck me as being most just and liberal to the
Indians, and better calculated to prevent fraud
and imposition upon them bythe agents of the
Government who haverelations with them, than
any previous system of which I have knowledge.
One of my points of extreme opposition to
the present resolution is that if it is adopted it
will sweep away that proposition or any other
proposition which may be made for the_ im-
provemeai of our relations with the Indians.
It will leave the whole subject of Indian affairs
in all of its perplexity and importance to the
direction and to the complete and irreversible
judgment of this joint committee. This joint
committee, in my opinion, is utterly opposed
to the structure of the legislative department of
our Government in the great principle of divid-
ing it into two branches, the deliberations and
actions of each branch to be separate and
independent.
Mr. President, during the last few years we
have had several of these joint committees of
the two Houses. What has been the conse-
quence ? The House of Representatives come
immediately from the people; they profess to
be better and truer exponents of the popular
will and of the popular judgment than the Sen-
ate; they are more numerous as a body; they
are more impetuous and overbearing in spirit;
they, are more dictatorial; and consequently
they exercise more force and more power over
all subjects of legislation than the Senate.
That, has held good in the joint committees
that have been organized between the two
Houses in the last five or six years.
The impetuosity and ardor and pretension
of the portion of the joint committee that came
from the House to represent tlio immediate
feelings and judgment and purposes of the
people were of so forcible and coercive a na-
ture that they overbore and carried along with
their impetuous judgment the halting opinions
and conclusions of the portion of the commit-
tee that'the Senate appointed. ' What was the
consequence? The' effect was (hat the House
Committee, and the House by its committer,
absorbed the whole power oi Congress over
the. subjects that were committed to the con-
sideration of those joint committees; and that
will be the effect of this resolution if it pass
and this joint committee is raised. It will no
longer leave the two Houses to a calm, sep-
arate, deliberate, and independent judgment
upon the subject of Indian affairs. The inev-
itable effect will be to submit the judgment
and conclusions of the Senate to the more pas-
sionate, forcible, and coercive deliberations
and judgment of the House; in other words,
it.will absorb the Senate in the House in the
consideration of the important subjects con-
nected with our Indian relations, and in that
respect it will break up, as to that subject, one
.of the most.important and distinctive features
of the constitution of the legislative department
"of the Government.
I have no doubt that the men who are at the
bottom of this scheme, this great innovation,
have looked with perfect certainty to these
results; and it is because they believe this
innovation will effect these results that they are
so forward and so headlong in desiring the
passage of this measure and the creation of
such a joint committee. I believe with the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] that inter-
est, a desire to plunder the Indians, the pur-
pose to do so, and for individuals to make for-
tunes out of Indian spoils, is at the bottom of
this measure and is giving it its great energy
and impetus in the two Houses of Congress.
1 believe that it will be the best scheme to bring
about this system of plunder, to make it irre-
sponsible, to result in imposition and fraud
and robbery of the Indians and in the'degra-
dation of our Government in its relations with
the unfortunate aborigines of the' country, that
has yet been devised. I therefore feel an inex-
pressible opposition and abhorrence to this, as
I deem, most iniquitous measure.
The bill to which I have referred, which the
honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs examined with1 so much care and
deliberation, and which met his entire and
enlightened approval, WhicH has been framed
as well as designed by the most philanthropic
and intelligent friends of the Indians in the
whole country, which received the unqualified
sanction and approval of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and :which, in my judgment,
promises so much of justice, of equality, of the
protecting care of the Government to the In-
dians, will be defeated if this concurrent reso-
lution passes and this joint committee is cre-
ated. I think, sir, that this is a gigantic scheme
for perfecting a system of plunder and robbery
of the Indians; that it will have that result in
the greatest and most deplorable degree; and
that the only possible way of rescuing the In-
dians from such injustice and outrage and such
a fate will be for the Senate to vote down, this
resolution, and in that way to defeat the raising
of this joint committee".
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we can take a vote
now; and if so it would be very desirable, if
the honorable Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, will consent
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a vote could be taken
without anything more being said, 1 should not
object; but 1 must object to anything else being
interposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President——
Mr. DRAKE. I object to any further con-
sideration of anything but the special order for
this hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has also risen upon this proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; I wish to offer
an amendment.
TheVICEPIlESIDENT, The morning hour
has expired. The Senator from California will
i be recognized when the Senate shall again
resume the consideration of the resolution. The
: Chair will state to the Senate that last, week,
I by unanimous consent, the Senate distinctly
; i-uspended the fifteenth and thirty-first rules so
i far as they gave priority to the unfinished busi-
ness, and ordered that atone o'clock to-day
the Georgia hill should be taken up against all
other business. If the rules had not been
specifically stated at that time and the Senate
understood by unanimous consent that they
suspended those rules, the Chair would hold
that the unfinished business of yesterday would
have priority; but as this was the distinct and
unanimous understanding of the Senate, the
Georgia bill is now before the Senate, and the
Senatorfrom Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] is entitled
to the floor.
v Mr. HOWARD. I rise to suggest that I
think tne discussion of the Northern Pacific
railroad bill is so near its close that we can
very soon dispose of it, and to suggest further
the propriety of going on with the considera-
tion of that matter for the present until it is
finally concluded in the Senate; and I will
therefore, by the permission of the Senator
who is entitled to the floor, move that the
Georgia bill be passed over for the present
temporarily and informally, and that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the railroad bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Nebraska ought to yield the floor for
a motion to postpone the Georgia bill. There
was a distinct understanding that we were to
take it up to-day and proceed with it until we
finished it; and certainly we have had it up
times enough now to take hold of it and finish
it. I think it would be an economy of time to
do so, and I hope the Senator from Nebraska
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 would not make the
motion were I not satisfied that we aTe very
near the close of the discussion on the North1
ern Pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. - ' The Senator
from Michigan, under the new.rule, moves to
pass over the Georgia bill, the effect ot which
will be to call up the Northern Pacific railroad
bill and make the_ Georgia bill the special
order, after its termination.
Mr. STEWART. I believe that would be
aneconomy of.tlme. We ought to finish some-
^T&'VlGB PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this motion is not debatable, except
by ubSSioious consent.
