1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4493
But, Mr. President, it is urged as an objec-
tion to this bill, and I can hardly see how the
objection applies, that it probably will cost as
much hereafter to carry the mails if the frank-
ing privilege law should be repealed or mod-
ified as it has cost heretofore. It has been stated
that the Postmaster General has recommended
an appropriation for the post office service for
the next, year of about a million and a half in
excess of the appropriation for the past year,
from which Senators infer that he does not
anticipate a reduction of expenses if this bill
should become a law. Sir, the necessity for this
reform is not affected one way or the other by
the truth or error of this inference. The cost
of carrying the mails has nothing whatever to
do with the propriety of changing the system,
or indicating what class of mail matter shall
go at the public expense. But if the expenses
should not be diminished the Postmaster Gen-
eral hopes that the income may be increased
if the new system should be adopted.
Mr. POMEK.OY. I think there cannot.be any
difference in the weight of the mail; whether
letters are stamped or franked the weight would
be the same.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly the weight of the
mails will be precisely the same, and the length
of the mail routes will be precisely the same,
whether the mail matter to be thus sent shall
be stamped or whether it shall be tranked;
and as stamping it will be more economical
than franking it, there surely can be no objec-
tion on the part of those who think all this
matter should go at the public expense to this
change in the law.
But, Ml-. President, it cannot be denied that
frauds are committed—frauds that amount, per-
haps, in the aggregate to a very large sum. It
is next to impossible to avoid this on account
of the multitude of persons having the right
to frank, scattered as they are all over the
country. Their names are forged. There is,
I think, hardly a member of either branch ot
Congress whose name has not been thus used
to defraud the mail service.
This raises the question whether the new
plan would probably enable the Department
to avoid these frauds and to escape the conse-
quent loss of revenue. The presumption is
that it would. In the purchase and use of
stamped envelopes or postage-stamps there
would be less opportunity lor outside parties
to commit frauds on the Government than
exists under the present system. If this be
true, it furnishes an additional reason^ for the
change proposed; it would probably increase
the revenue and tend to that extent to bring
the income up to the current expenses of the
Department. But we have been told by Sen-
ators who oppose this bill that it never was
intended that the Post Office Department
should be self-sustaining. They say that none
of the Departments of this Government defray
their own expenses; that the Treasury De-
partment does not, the State Department does
not, the Interior Department does not, the
Attorney General's Department does not. that
the War and Navy Departments do not. W by
should the Post Office Department be made
an exception?
Mr. President, this is a loose mode ot rea-
soning. It is mere assertion. Do we not derive
more money through the Treasury Department
than it costs to run it? How else do you derive
the means necessary to defray the expenses ot
the Government if the income derived through
the Treasury is not in fact in excess of the ex-
penditures? And is it true that the Interior
Department never was intended to defray its
own expenses? This is a strange averment,
had supposed that several of the bureaus in that
Department were intended not only to defray
their own expenses, but to yield a revenue to
the Government. I had supposed that the Land
Office was intended to yield a surplus revenue to
the Treasury ; and in point of fact it does do so.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance of
the Senate at the present session has estimated
that the income through the Land Office for the
next fiscal year will probably be $2,000,000 in
excess of its expenses. It is known to every one
who has given any attention to the subject that
the incomefrom the Patent Office is more than
sufficient to defray the expenses incurred in
that branch of the public service. The Indian
Bureau does not yield directly a revenue to the
Treasury, but taken in connection with the
Land Office it does ; and the two mast be con-
sidered together in ascertaining the design of
the Government in their organization. The
one is organized for the purpose in part of
deriving title to lands from the Indians, and
the other for the purpose of the survey and
sale of those lands. The two together do,
probably—if they do not they ought to be made
to—defray their own expenses at least.
And is it true that the Attorney General's
Department was intended to be only a burden
on the Government, that it was never intended
that it should defray its own expenses? Let
us see. To comprehend this subject we must
consider the duties of the Attorney General
and his subordinates in connection with the
whole judicial system. And here you will find
tbat United States marshals, district attorneys,
and the courts are required to assess and col-
lect fees, fines, and forfeitures that were evi-
dently intended to meet the expenses of the
service; and if we except those incident to the
criminal side of the courts, the income would
probably meet the necessary expenses of the
whole system. But if it does not defray its
own expenses, including collections, and pres-
ervation from losses growing out of malfeas-
ance or misfeasance in office, the whole system
ought to be revised. Nor is it true that the
revenue to be derived through the State De-
partment, under the head of consular fees, was
not intended to defray to a very large extent
the whole expenses of the foreign service.
It may be conceded thatthe criminal courts,
the Army, and the Navy were not intended to
be entirely self-sustaining. The prosecution
of offenders and the punishment of crime must
be a great public burden which cannot be justly
imposed on individuals, because the whole
community is interested in preventing crime.
It is therefore safe to conclude that the crim-
inal courts, the Army, and the Navy were in-
tended to be a public burden. For although
the laws provide for the collection of fines and
forfeitures through the instrumentality of the
courts, and of prize-money from the sale of
captures by land and sea, yet these sources of
revenue alone could not be relied on exclu-
sively for the support of these branches of the
public service. But these are the only branches
of the national Government that were ever in-
tended, in my opinion, to be a burden on the
people at large; and all should cheerfully
unite in bearing these burdens, because all
are interested in the enforcement of the laws
for the prevention of crime. But in all other
departments of the Government, where indi-
viduals and classes of individuals alone are
benefited by the service, they are expected,
and of right ought to defray the necessary ex-
penses. Where the benefit derived is uniform,
where it applies alike in quantity and degree
to ail, can all be justly required to bear the
burden.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] thought he had discovered an ex-
ception to this rule of justice and right which
completely overturned the theory that those
who derive the benefit of the United States
mails should pay their expenses. He instanced
the expenses of the common school system as
it exists in the States, and inquired whether an
individual who was destitute of children might
not well ask why he should be burdened with
the expenses of educating the children of other
people. And yet all are required, in proportion
to their means, to contribute to the support of
common schools. Mr. President, that is a
superficial view of the subject; that is looking
at but one side of the question. It has been
ascertained to the satisfaction of the people
of this country that ignorance and vice travel
together; that crime is the legitimate offspring
of ignorance, and as you remove ignorance
you prevent vice and crime ; and therefore by
the establishment of schools you avoid the
expenses of jails and penitentiaries. It is
found to be more economical to educate chil-
dren in the schools than to detain them in the
jails and punish them in other prisons. If,
therefore, the whole property of a community
may be justly taxed to restrain vice and to pre-
vent crime, it may be taxed to support schools;
for all, whether they have children or not,
are interested in the protection of life, liberty,
and property; and it has been found to be the
most economical mode of preserving life, lib-
erty, and property to educate the children of
the whole community. It seems to me, there-
fore, that the honorable Senator's illustration
fails entirely of application to the case at bar.
Bu t it is said that the post office is achannel of
intelligence, a means of educating the people.
If this argument is worth anything, it will prove
more, I apprehend, than honorable Senators
intend. If the post office is to be supported
in part by a tax on the whole community, as a
means of education, on the principle on which
common schools are supported, why should
not the mails be made as free to all as the com-
mon schools? Why not remove every obstruc-
tion in the way of diffusing knowledge through
this medium ? If the common Treasury should
on that account be taxed to the extent of one
half of all the expenses of carrying the mails,
why ought it not to pay the other half ? Why
not permit all letters and all newspapers and
all printed matter to go free, to be carried in
the mails at the public expense, without restric-
tion?
If honorable Senators mean this I can under-
stand them. If they are prepared to tax the
people to pay the entire expenses of the post
office system their reasoning would be con-
sistent. If it is just and wise to require those
who use the mails to pay any part of the cost
it is just that they should pay the whole cost.
Those who derive the benefits ought to pay the
necessary expense.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumnek] thinks that this bill ought not
to pass at the present time unless amended in
several particulars, some of which have been
named. He thinks it will be impossible for
the Departments to carry on their business for
a single day after the 1st of July next, the day
on which this bill is to take effect, unless
amended. The honorable Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] joined the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in that declaration ;
and yet it could not have escaped his memory
that he carried on the government of Indiana
for one or two years without a dollar's appro-
priation of money from the treasury of that'
State. The assertion that a Department, can-
not carry on its business for a single day with-
out an appropriation, if this bill should take
effect, it seems to me ought to be considered
in the light of declamation rather than aigu-
ment.
Mr. President, every one of these Depart-
ments has a contingent fund at its control; and
so with every bureau ; and if in the brief interim
that might occur between the passage of this
bill and the passage of a law making a specific
appropriation for that purpose, it should be-
come necessary, each could purchase a few
postage-stamps and pay for them out of this
fund. . ,
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of my
friend from Iowa I desire to correct him m
one statement. I did not say that the Depart-
ments could not be carried on after the 1st ot
July without an appropriation. I said unless
an appropriation was made the officers ot the
Departments would be compelled to pay the
postage upon their official letters, as there was
no existing appropriation out ot which it could
be paid. 1 did not say they would not do it.
