1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
out of them. I would remind the Senate that
when this war began this nation waa compar-
atively poor. While we have gone through a
great war the wealth of the country has in-
creased to four or five times what it was before,
and there is four or five times as much money
seeking investment now as there was before.
That will go into our own funds if you do not
force things too rapidly.
Some of these days possibly I may make a
speech on this subject, but not to-day. I wish
the bill postponed for a month, and I move
that that be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania make that motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moveB that the further consider-
ation of this bill be postponed until the 3d day
of April.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Mr. President, I hope
that as this discussion proceeds not many
more Senators will avow the fact that they are
I tankers or interested in banking, because the
suspicion may possibly arise that 
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me a moment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Whsn I have finished the
sentence, if you please, I will yield. I say,
for fear that the suspicion may go abroad that
the banks are too strongly represented in this
discussion, and there is a little danger that
justice may not be secured to the people. Now
I will hear what the Seuator has to say.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Oregon, and I will say to
him that I have no .more interest in any bank
now than he has, and I have not had for years.
Since I came to the Senate the last time, I
have nothing to do with banks. I have a little
bank stock producing not much revenue, and I
do not care much aboat that; but I have no
interest in banks. I have no business con-
nection under heaven which can control my
votes or my sentiments here. I do not think
a man ever lived who had less interest in the
conduct or the results of the Government. I
never had a contract in my life ] I have no
relation in office; and I have nothing at stake
which the Government can interfere with. And
as God liveth, I have always made my living
and protected myself by my own industry and
what I believe to be my own integrity.
.Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not intend to make
any personal application of the remark; but
two or three gentlemen haveavowed here that
they either were bankers or had been engaged
in banking, and I simply wished to afford the
Senator an opportunity to make the statement
which he has just made. But all the argu-
ments that have been made on this bill so far
have been for the banks; and there has been
a great outcry made here iu reference to the
provisions of this bill, because possibly some
hardship would be worked to the banking in-
stitutions of the country. I do not propose to
discuss that question; but I wish to make a
remark or two in response to what has been
said by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
He begs of the Senate to wait until the world
can be assured that the Government of the
United States will pay its debts, and then pro-
pose to negotiate a loan, and he accompanies
that solicitation to the Senate with the state-
ment of the fact that this Government has paid
$100,000,000 of its debt within the last year.
That is unprecedented in the history of any
country; and I say that it will not only satisfy
the world that the United States has the dis-
position but that it has the ability to pay its
national debt. We can safely go to Europe with
a proposition based upon the incontrovertible
fact that within one year, while the nation is
recovering from the effects of agreat war through
which we have just passed, we have been able
to extinguish $100,000,000 of our indebted-
ness. I think no other or greater evidence is
necessary to convince everybody everywhere
that the United States will pay its debt; and
the fact that qur securities have so greatly
appreciated in value within the last year indi-
cates that the world has confidence not only
in our willingness, but in our capacity to pay
the debt.
Now, sir, one other remark as to the sug-
gestion that we should wait until next year cr
some future time, some more convenient sea-
son. I ask the Senator if it necessarily follows,
when this proposition is made, that if the loan
is not negotiated within one year the proposi-
tion fails ? Suppose we proceed with this legis-
lation ; it will probably take the entire Congress
before we can perfect any bill upon this sub
ject, unless we proceed with greater rapidity
than we have since we commenced, aud par-
ticularly if we are to judge from what we have
done at previous sessions on the subject. Sup-
| pose we offer a proposition to the world at this
! time to negotiate a loan ; if it should so hap-
pen, as I hope and believe it will, that within
a year the Government can resume specie pay-
' merits, then the proposition would be perfected
and we could negotiate our loan without any
| delay.
Mr. CAMERON. Does the Senator desire
that I shall reply? I will with pleasure if he
allows me to do so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. When we are in the best
condition to make terms with our creditors
that is the time to change our rate of interest.
! When reconstruction shall be perfected, when
all the States of the Union shall have come
in, and when the world shall have seen that
| this Government has its greatest strength, that
is the time to make terms; not now. If the
Senator from Oregon failed last year or the
year before; if he had happened to be engaged
in great enterprises for the benefit of his State
and failed to make his payments, he certainly
would not ask his creditors to go there to meet
him until he could convince them that he was
able to pay them, not only now, but for all
time to come. So it is, in my mind, with this
debtof ours. Let us wait until we have brought
all the States here, until every State is repre-
sented byits Senators in this House, and every
one agreeing to the pledge that the debt of
this country shall be paid; and that, to my
mind, is the time when we shall be able to
secure a smaller rate" of interest than now.
Have I answered the Senator?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the Senator
has answered to his own satisfaction.
Mr. CAMERON. No; I want to answer
to the satisfaction of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not quite assent to
the correctness of the Senator's proposition.
I regard the question of reconstruction as
practically settled. Whatever there is to be
done in that respect is simply a matter of form,
and we can assume, I think safely, that all the
States are restored to their former practical
relations with the Union; and before the Presi-
dent's signature can be attached to this bill,
with all reasonable expedition in its passage, I
venture to say that the Senators and Represent-
atives of every State will occupy their seats in
Congress, and the work of reconstruction will
be perfected before we can perfect this piece
of legislation.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. One more remark and
I will yield altogether.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to make one prac-
tical suggestion. I have talked with various
persons, and I am sure that everybody here
desires the reelection of the Senator from Ore-
gon. We are all satisfied that no man has ever
come here from the Pacific slope of more abil-
ity ; if there were not others here I should say
with so much ability as he has, and so much
capacity to do credit to his State. We all hope
and believe he will be reelected, and yet it is
not fixed. So it is with the reconstruction of
all these States. I trust they are all coming
in, but they are not in yet. Let us wait until
the thing is a fixed fact so that no circum-
stances can change it. That is the way I feel
about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I will
regard the discussion between the honorable
Senator and myself, as to the postponement
of the bill, as concluded. I had wished to say
a word as to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, but that is super-
seded by the motion to postpone, and I will
not make any remarks on that question at this
time.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
j on the postponement of the bill until the 3d of
j April.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
| quite agree with tny distinguished friend from
] Pennsylvania, although we very seldom disa-
gree on financial or political matters. I think
i there is some good in this bill and some money
to be saved to the Government immediately
by it. I do not believe that there will be any
| very great rush for four per cent, bonds at
present, but I do believe that we can negotiate
$500,000,000, (if that be the sum,) at five per
cent, inten-twentiesorten-forties immediately.
That will save $5,000,000 a year. My friend
from Pennsylvania will admit that that is a good
thing, and that I have not the least doubt in the
i world we can save and save immediately, or
' very soon, by enacting this pending bill.
1 do agree, however, with my friend from
Pennsylvania that this is not the time to make
I our interest payable abroad. I expect to live
i long enough to see the city of New York the
! moneyed center of the world.
Mr. CAMERON. So do I, Mr. President.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well,you are older than
I am. [Laughter.] I object in toto to going
anywhere out of the United States to establish
| an agency for paying our debts. What should
j we say of Great Britain were she to establish
i an agency to pay the interest on her consols
in New York or Frankfort, or anywhere else ?
Sir, it is belittling the great Government of the
United States, and I never will vote for it. I
shall vote with my friend from Pennsylvania
and my friend from Massachusetts to strike
out the fifth section and do away with that.
But I do believe that we can save $5,000,000,
and take one step in the right direction.
Mr. CAMERON. How?
Mr. CHANDLER. By negotiating $500,-
000,000 of five per cent, bonds for coin in the
next thirty days, with the understanding that
that is all that ever will be issued bearing that
rate of interest. I believe they will be taken
within one week if you negotiate them with
that understanding. That is my candid con-
viction, and it is my conviction from having
conversed with the strongest moneyed men in
the world.
Mr. CAMERON. I have great faith in the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] says there are two men in this
Senate who have announced themselves to be
bankers. I suppose he must have meant my
friend from Pennsylvania and myself. I do
not think the Senator intended to cast any slurs
upon us because we had had a little financial
experience, for my friend from Oregon knows
that eminent lawyers, like himself, are not born
so. A man is not born an eminent jurist. It
is the study of a lifetime to become an eminent
lawyer, as my friend from Oregon very well
knows. Because financial questions have been
the study of the lifetime of my friend from
Pennsylvania and myself, I do not think it
ought to be a slur on us that we happen to have
a little knowledge on the subject.
I discover this in this discussion: that a man
who thoroughly understands financial ques-
tions can say what he has to say in a very brief
period; and a man who knows a little about
finance knows enough to go to somebody that
knows a great deal more, and it takes him a
little longer than it does the man who practi-
cally understands it to explain himself, but it
does not take him very long; but the man who
