5438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I think all those amend-
ments were agreed to when the bill was up
before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the amendments were agreed to when the bill
was up before for action; but the Secretary
informs the Chair that they are not so marked.
Mr. POMEROY. I objected to that amend-
ment before; but I am willing to put it at one
hundred and fifty feet. I think that will do.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twelve, after the word "located" to insert
the words "in mid-channel, with draw and
piers in the direction of the currents, and at
and in line fourteen to strike out the words
"two miles" and insert "a mile and a half
so that the section will read :
That an act entitled "An aet to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga liailroad Company, as
horeafter constructed, a post road, andfor otherpur-
poses," approved March 2,1868, is hereby so amended
as to reciuiro the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chatta-
nooga Railroad Company to construct and maintain
a draw-bridge, which when open shall give a clear
space for the passage of vessels of not less than one
hundred and fifty feet, in the channel of the Great
lligolet; and said draw-bridge shall bo located in
mid-channel, with draw and piers in the direction
of the currents, and at a distance of not less than a
mile and a half from the oast end of the Great liig-
olet; and said company shall at all times open the
said draw-bridge, andshallprovideall necessaryand
convenient facilities forthe safe and speedy passage
of all vessels requiring the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as addi-
tional sections the following:
Seo. 2. And be it further enneted, That the railroad
company shall submit to the Secretary of War, for his
approval, a plan, with the necessary drawings, of
their bridge, in a new location conforming to the
above requirements; and until the Secretary of W ar
approve the plan and location of said bridge, and
notify the company of the same in writing, the bridge
shall not be built or commenced; and should any
change be made in the plan of the bridge during the
progress of the work thereon, such change shall be
subject likewise to the approval of the Secrotary of
War.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That Congress shall
have power at any time to alter, amond, or repeal
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
M5P0IIT OF A COMMITTER.
Mr. ITARLAN. I desire to make a report,
if the honorable Senator from Maine will per-
mit. The Committee on Indian Affairs, to
whom were referred the bill (S. No. C31) to
provide for carrying into effect provisions of
a treaty concluded between the United States
and the Cherokee nation of Indians, July 19,
18GC, report it with amendments.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. Ii.
No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill, which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to call up and have a little bill passed
which will take but five minutes?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I decline to
yield to any one.
Mr. HOWARD. It is ten o'clock at night;
and, for one, I confess that I think we have
sat long enough to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is better to get
through'with the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I move, with the permis-
sion of the Senatorfioffi Maine, that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Sen-'
ator from Maine does not give his permission.
[Laughter.] I hope my honorable friend will
not ask my permission.
Mr. HOWARD. ~
Senate adjourn.
Well, sir, I move that the
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Edmunds, Fowler,
Gilbert, Howard, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Ram-
sey, Scott, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vick-
erh—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Casserly,
Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Osborn,' Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saw-
yer. Bcburz, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer,
Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Davis, Drake. Fenton,
l?erry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Harris, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, l'attcrfcon, Pool. Revels, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spencer. Tipton, and Yates—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The reading of the bill was l'esumed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line eight hundred and
nineteen, to strike out "twenty" and insert
"thirty," so as to increase the appropriation
"for surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory" from $20,000 to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line eight hundred and thirty-nine, to strike
out " five" and insert "ten," so as to increase
the appropriation "for surveying the public
lands in New Mexico" from. "$5,000" to
"$10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino eight hun-
dred and forty-three, to strike out " live" and
insert " ten," so as to increase the appropri-
ation "for surveying the public lands in Ari-
zona" from " §5,000" to "510,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and thirteen, after the words "July 2,
1804," to insert "entitled 'An act to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 1862;' " so that the clause will
read:
For surveying the public lands in the Territory of
Wyoming at rates not exceeding iifteen dollars for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township lines, and
ten dollars for section lines. S-10,000: Provided, That
the ioregoing appropriations for surveys of public
lands within the limits of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company's land grant shall be conditional upon the
compliance ot said company or party in interest with
the requirements of the twenty-hut section of the
act of July 2,18G4, entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the (Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes/ approved July 1,1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and twenty-nine, at the end of the clause
making an appropriation for the survey of the
public lands within the limits of the land grant
to the Northern Pacific .Railroad Company, to
strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That before any land granted to said
company by the United States shall be conveyed to
any party entitled thereto under any oi the acts
mcoiporating or relating to said company, there
shall first bo paid into the Treasury of the United
States the cost of surveying, selecting, and convey-
ing the same by the said company or party in interest.
Mr. 1TARLAN. I do not know whether
this is the right time to call attention to it,
but I should like to know on what' data the
price per mile was agreed on for the survey
of the lands near the North Pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state that this would not be, according to the
usage of the Seriate, the proper time; but after
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations are through with the whole bill will
be open to amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will wait then.
T.he Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill. The following clause having been read-
To meet expenses to be incurred in the prosceu-
tion and collection of claims due the United folates,
$25,000, to be disbursed under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury—
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out, in
line nine hundred and thirty-nine, the words
"Secretary of the Treasury" and insert "At-
torney General;" so as to make the clause read:
To meet expenses to be incurred in the prosecu-
tion and collection of claims due the United States,
$25,000, to be disbursed under the direction of the
Attorney General.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the next
clause, "for thd payment of the necessary
expenses incurred in defending suits against
the Secretary of the Treasury," let the words
"under the direction of the Attorney Gen-
eral" be inserted also.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of'the Committee on
Appropriations was after line nine hundred and
fifty-nine to strike out the following clause :
To pay Horatio Ames tlie amount now due him for
wrought-iron rifled guns, made by him for the Navy
by order of the Bureau of Ordnance, and tested and
accepted by them, $72,060 38.
Mr. MORliILL, of Maine. I hope the Senate
will non-concur in the amendment, and for this
reason: this item was stricken out, because it
was put in the Indian bill, and the House pre-
ferred to have it in the miscellaneous bill, and
I think that is the proper place. So let us non-
concur here, and strike it out of the Indian bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was after line nine
hundred and ninety-four, to insert the follow-
ing :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay out-
standing liabilities incurred in fitting up the branch
mint at Carson City since its completion, £131,594 5(3.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line nine
hundred and ninety-eight., to strike on; the fol-
lowing item :
To enable the Secretory of the Interior to pay John
Finn the amount due hiui for supplies furnished for
the Indian service, as per audited vouchers on file in
the Indian Office, fo5,4lO 91.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I desire that
and the next clause to remain in the bill, these
items having been stricken out of the Indian
appropriation bill, where they were originally
inserted by the Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line ten hun-
dred and three, to strike out the following :
To pay tho outstanding indebtedness contracted
in the Sioux Indian district, under act ot July 27,
1868, vouchersforwhicb have been unproved by Gen-
eral Ilarney,and are now filed m the Interior Depart-
ment, and have been or shall lie approved by the
Secretary ol tho Interior, 653,347 07.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line ten hun-
dred and twenty-three, to strike out the fol-
lowing:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for payment for services rendered and sup-
plies furnished for and on account of tho Indian ser-
vice at the Fort IJerthold agency, Dakota Termors',
as recommended by Ihc Secretary of the Interior m
a communication to the Speaker of the Jlout-e of
Representatives, dated February 16,1S70, thesumof
$03,203 05, or so much thereof as shall be found by
the Secretary of tho Interior, upon -examination, to
be justly due.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This item should
remain in the bill for the same reason.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line ten
hundred and thirty-seven, to strike out the
following clause :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to indem-
nify A. .U, Adums tor looses by depredations coin -
 -Iowa and Coinaueho Indians in 18(56,
$29,192 GSJ.
