4494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
I said there was no appropriation out of which
they could do it.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator is
too well acquainted with the mode of carrying
on the executive branches of Government, has
had too much experience as a statesman, not to
know how to keep the machinery of Govern-
ment in motion in the absence of an appropri-
ation for any specific purpose.
It is a mere question of faith in the nation.
If the officials will serve without pay for the
time being, trusting the Government for future
compensation, the Government machinery can
be run without appropriations. That is all
there is in it. You cannot compel officials to
serve, of course, either with or without pay in
the civil branches of the Government. But
who expects that the head of a Department,
or any of the subordinates,.will resign or refuse
to serve if they should not get their salaries
at the end of every mouth? And if the offi-
cials and Government contractors are willing
to serve on credit for a brief period the whole
difficulty is surmounted, even without the ex-
pedient of borrowing money on Government
account.
But everybody knows that the heads of
Departments frequently borrow funds to meet
such unexpected emergencies on the implied
faith of the nation. Hence, if there were no
contingent fund at the control of the heads of
Departments, no serious difficulty would arise.
It would bo an easy matter to raise money at
the counter of any of the banks in this city
sufficient to pay the postage on official matter
until appropriations could be made. They
would know to a moral certainty that Congress
would make the needed appropriation in due
time; and no banker of means ever has refused
to make such advances when requested to do
so by a high official of the Government of the
United States. There is, then, no difficulty to
be apprehended from that source.
I doubt not this bill might be improved. I
do not doubt that some of the amendments
indicated by Senators during this discussion
ought to become a part of the post office law.
But, sir, why should we delay the passage of
this bill for the purpose of putting into it
everything thatmay possibly become necessary
in the future management of the Post Office
Department? The House of Representatives
lias passed this bill. It is sufficiently perfect
to be operative. It is capable of enforcement
just as it stands. It will cure some of the
evils of which the people complain, and as it
appears to me it would be wiser for the Senate,
a majority of whose members are, as I sup-
pose, really in favor of this change of system,
to pass the bill without amendment, and not
put it in jeopardy by returning it to the House
at this late period in the session; for any
defects that may be developed can be cured
be subsequent legislation. I am sure that every
Senator and member would be very glad to be
free from the burdens that are now imposed
by what is called the franking privilege, if all
the benefits derived from this privilege can be
secured under the provisions of this bill in a
mode less burdensome to themselves.
As it is conceded, therefore, that all official
matter, all official correspondence by the heads
of Departments and by members of Congress
should go through the mails at the public
expense, and as it would be economy to use
stamped envelope rather than to use the frank
of members and other officials, why should we
hesitate to make the change? It is believed
by the bead of the Post Office Department that
it will enable him to save a large amount of
money by preventing frauds. Is not his testi-
mony worth something, especially when it is
supported by the testimony, I believe, of all
the heads of the Department from Postmaster
General John McLean down to the present
time? When you have this uniform testimony
from the head of the Department, that great
frauds are perpetrated on the Government
under the existing system, and when there is
a plan proposed that will involve no incon-
venience whatever to the head of a Depart-
ment, the head of a bureau, or to Senators and
members, that will enable each to greatly econ-
omize his own time, and which, in the opinion
of the Department, will enable it to prevent
vast frauds, why should Congress hesitate to
adopt it?
One or two honorable Senators stated that if
this bill passed they would never vote for an
appropriation from the Treasury to pay the
postage of Senators and members. Of course
not. Why should they make an appropriation
from the Treasury to pay the postage on the
private cori-espondeuco of Senators and mem-
bers? Of course they will not do that. But
they will make the necessary appropriations
to pay the postage on official correspondence.
Why should not this be done ? The Postmaster
General estimates that the postage on the official
matter of the Treasury Department will amount
to about two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars per annum. You will not expect the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay postages to the
amount of $250,000 out of his small salary of
$8,000. Of course not. And so with the
heads of other Departments ; and so with other
officials. If you are to require them to meet
the expenses of postage from their salaries it
will be necessary at once to enlarge the sal-
aries. The same would be true of members
of either branch of Congress.
The Constitution has, either wisely or un-
wisely, given Congress the authoiity to fix the
compensation of Senators and members. In
fixing that compensation you may or may uot
include the cost of official postages; that is.
the postage on official matter. If included, the
salary must, of course, be fixed at a higher rate
than if excluded. It would be more simple to
estimate for each separately. The salary should
cover only the services of Senators or of the
members, and the necessary contingent ex-
penses should be paid for out of an appropria-
tion for that purpose.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] urged the retention of the present
system to enable Senators and members of
Congress to send speeches to their constituents.
He informed the Senate that he had spent
several hundred dollars for printing speeches
which he and others had delivered during the
present session, which he h.ad franked to his
constituents for the purpose of enabling them
to know what he had been doing as one of their
representatives iu this Chamber. 1 have but
this to say in reply: if that kind of matter
ought to be carried in the United States mails
from Washington to Wisconsin at the public
expense the postage can be provided for under
the provisions of this bill just as you would pro-
vide for the expense of sending other official
matter from the heads of Departments or from
either of these Chambers.
If it is not the kind of matter that ought to
be carried at the public expense, then of course
he and others ought to pay the postage, as they
would on their private correspondence. His
the official correspondence, as I understand it,
that the public ought to carry at the public
expense, official letters, papers, and .docu-
ments; and if these speeches are to be classed
as official documents, sent out for the public
use, they can be carried under cover of stamped
envelopes as well as under cover of a Senator's
frank. If stamped envelopes had been used
the honorable Senator would have drawn twenty
thousand stampedenvelopestocoverthe twenty
thousandspeechessent. Hewouldhaveavoided
the labor of writing his name twenty thousand
times, and avoided the probability that his
name would have been illegally placed on
twenty thousand other packages without his
knowledge for the use of private parties. It
is for the purpose, therefore, of enabling the
honorable Senator and others to do precisely
what ought to be done, and to pievent outside
parties from perpetrating frauds on the Gov-
ernment, that this change is proposed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Would it be any more
difficult, would it be any higher crime for a
man who wants to commit a fraud on a Senator,
to steal the stamps out of his desk than it would
be to forge his name on an envelope?
Mr. HARLAN. It would be far more diffi-
cult. I suppose the honorable Senator and I
would not differ as to the grade of the two
crimes named. I suppose the moral turpitude
would be precisely the same in either case; but
it would be more difficult to steal a stamped
envelope from the honorable Senator's pocket
than it would to write his name on a package
at a point hundreds of miles away.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, I dissent from that theory.
From my experience in trying cases and de-
fending criminals in court I should say that
by far the greater danger of detection is in the
forgery. The forgery is patent evidence all the
time. But if a man comes to my room and
steals my stamps and puts them on a letter,
how is it to be traced ? How can it be told
that they belong to a Senator? The forging
of a name carries the evidence of guilt every-
where, but the stolen stamp bears no mark of
its having been stolen.
Mr. HARLAN. This is another illustration
of the difference of theory and practice. The
Post Office Department has informed Congress
that it has been found to be utterly impossible
to convict parties who have perpetrated for-
geries of this kind ; and I am reminded by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] that if a thief were to steal a stamped
envelope from a Senator the Government would
lose nothing.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will not the honorable
Senator in that connection inform us what the
Government would lose from another man
using my frank?
Mr. IIARLAN. The honorable Senator
would have no difficulty in framing a law that
would regulate this whole subject with reason-
able satisfaction and certainty. How is it in
relation to stationery? You have a law on the
statute-book now providing that no Senator
or member shall draw stationery and pay for
newspapers in excess of $125 per annum. That
is thought to be a reasonablesafeguard against
petty frauds by members of Congress. The
same kind of safeguard might be provided to
prevent a Senator, if such a case could be sup-
posed, drawing stamped envelopes or letter
stamps for private use. It is hardly presum-
able that a Senator or member would permit
such a thing. It is hardly presumable that he
would be so careless of the use of letter stamps
or stamped envelopes as to permit the public
indiscriminately to have access to them any
more than he would permit them to have un-
interrupted access to bis pocket-book when
well filled with greenbacks or gold. He would
probably be a tolerably careful guardian of
both. But if there is danger of a Senator or
a member drawing more than is necessary to
cover official correspondence and official doc-
uments you can guard against that danger with
I reasonable certainty by fixing a maximum, a
| limit, beyond which no Senator or member shall
j use Government stamps or stamped envelopes.
! Mr. President, as this subject presents itself
; to my mind, I conclude that the pending bill,
j if it shall become a law, will probably save large
sums o 1 money to the Treasury and work a
j| great convenience to the officers of the Gov-
|i eminent, Senators, members, and others who
; are in the discharge of public duties requiring
a heavy correspondence. If I am right in these
h conclusions, why should we hesitateto pass this
!j bill ? Admit that it is not absolutely perfect.
Few things the offspring of the human mind
are absolutely perfect. Let us trust to the wis-
dom of Congress to cure by subsequent legis-
lation defects, when they shall have been de-
veloped, in the practical operation of the law.
