1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2607
department is conclusive in such a matter;
but I do say that everything that was done by
the State of Georgia was done under the eye
of the military commander of the district and
the eye of the General-in-Chief, General Grant,
and each step in their progress was noted and
reported to us here. Indeed, so careful was
General Meade, that as soon as they passed the
ratification of the fourteenth amendment he
made report of that fact and said he thought
in a few days the State would have civil gov-
ernment established, anticipating almost the
actionof the Legislature, and watching it and
reporting it at every step of its progress, and
on the same day he sent this dispatch to Gen-
eral Grant:
IIeadqitarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 21,1868.
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia having
examined into and decided upon the qualifications
of their respective members, under fourteenth article
constitutional amendment, I yesterday instructed
the provisional governor to communicate to each
house that I considered their organization legal and
withdrew any opposition to their proceeding to the
business which had called them together. To-day
both houses, by decided majorities, have passed the
constitutional amendment known as article fourteen,
and will, without doubt, at once otherwise comply
with the requisition of the act of J une 25.1868.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General.
General TJ. S. Grant, Washington, D. 0.
And then, one day afterward, on the 22d of
July, 1868, the general commanding says the
State of Georgia is "therefore under the act
of Congress entitled to representation.1' Such
was the care that was exhibited by the military
authorities in watching the process by which
this State became a State of the Union.
What then? Then comes the action of the
State of Georgia upon the subject. Then the
Legislature of the State of Georgia assembled
for the purpose of inaugurating her Governor,
just as all the States of this Union inaugurate
their officers ; and the proceedings are spread
out in the journal of the house of represenla-
tives of the Stale of Georgia ; and what is the
record made up in the case ? It is this :
" Hon. II.B. Bullock, Governor-elect, proceeded to
address the General Assembly, as follows:
" 'fellow-citizens, senators, and representatives: we
are assembled hero to-day under the fostering care
and protection of our General Government. Through
its clemency wo are permitted to inaugurate a civil
government for our State that will supersede the
military power which has been supreme in our midst
since the failure of an attempt to establish the sov-
ereignty of separate States,' &c.
" "A constitution has been adopted' * * *
' which restores to us self government.'
" At the close of which the oath of office was ad-
ministered by Hon. John Erskine, j udgo of the tJnited
States court, and he was declared the Governor of
the State of Georgia for the ensuing four years."
The proclamation was made for what pur-
pose? Declaring formally that Ruf'us B. Bul-
lock is " the Governor of the State of Georgia
for the ensuing four years." Thereupon he
entered upon ■ the discharge of the duties of
his office. Then the next message you find
recorded in the journal is his message to the
Legislature of July 24,1808, in which he said:
" Senators and epresentatives, congratulating you
as the representatives of the people upon the estab-
lishment of civil government and the fact that Geor-
gia is once more an integral portion of our national
unity," &c.
Mr. President, when an honest man has stood
before the people of a great State, when he has
sworn to sustain the constitution of that State,
when he has issued his State paper and spread
it out on the journals of the Legislature of
that State, when he has allowed himself to be
proclaimed Governor for four years, when he
lias congratulated his fellow-citizens that they
are once more an integral portion of our na-
tional unity, and then when he comes before
the Congress of the United States by subse-
quent messages and declares that he was never
the Governor of the State of Georgia, that all
this process was a provisional process and an
antic, pation of somethingthatsubsequently was
to follow, that he did not tell the truth when
he asserted that they were an integral por-
tion of the Union at all, what estimate will
you place on the man, or to what extremity for
party purposes is he driven in order to compel
him to go back upon such a record as that?
What occurs next in the journals of the
Legislature? The constitution of the State
of Georgia provided for a judiciary, and the
Governor is to nominate the judges, and the
judges are to be confirmed by the senate of
the State. Twenty judges are nominated,
twenty judges are confirmed by the senate of
the State of Georgia. The attorneys are ap-
pointed for the courts all over the State of
Georgia, in every county. The proclamation
is made, and suitors and lawyers and jurors
assemble all over the State, «,nd there those
judges and officers have remained to the pres-
ent time, administering justice in Georgia under
the_ constitution by which they have received
their appointments and their confirmations.
What follows next in the process and in the
order of reconstruction? They had not only
elected a Legislature, but a Governor. The
peopl%of Georgia had also elected their mem-
bers Co'the House of Representatives of the
national Congress. Those Representatives
make their appearance in AVashington city.
They present their credentials in the House of
Representatives. Then, what is the action of
the House of Representatives upon that sub-
ject? If we are mistaken in this matter, we
are mistaken in connection with the House of
Representatives, for it appears by the Con-
gressional Globe, volume sixty-nine, pages
4471 and 4472, that on July 25, 1868—
"Mr. Dawes reported: I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report back the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Georgia ratifying the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution,
with tho reoommendation that they be filed in the
State Department."
What had Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts, to
do with the resolutions of the State of Geor-
gia, and the recommendation that they be filed
in the State Department? You will find what
he understood when you read the next para-
graph in the Journal:
" Mr. Dawes. X am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of 0. W.
Clift and 0. II. Prince, membeis-elect from the State
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other re-
spects having "conformed to the requirements of law
in regard to the admission of that Stato, these gen-
tlemen will take the oath proscribed by the act of
July 2,1862."
The House of Representatives went slowly
and carefully. Mr. Dawes would not risk
anything as chairman of the committee, ac-
cording to the report in the Globe. He knew
that that was required of them in the act of
Congress reconstructing Georgia, and he did
not iutend to be instrumental in introducing
any man on the floor of the House until he
ascertained that they had fulfilled the law, as
in that case made and provided; and so he
says: "BecauseGeorgia has ratified the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution." What
else? "And in all other respects having con-
formed to the requirements of law in regard to
the admission of that State." Careful House
of Representatives, prudent Mr. Dawes, to take
no step but a step planted upon the law of the
Congress of the United Statesl
Under those circumstances, then, Georgia,
with a Governor at home, with a judiciary in
every county of the State, with a State Legis-
lature in session, receives her representation
in the House of Representatives—a complete
admission into the Union of the States.
Subsequently, the Legislature of the State
of Georgia expelled the colored members who
held legal seats in that body, twenty-five in
number, perhaps. They not only expelled
them, but they filled their places with men
who had been in the minority in the canvass
in the- State of Georgia. When this occurred
the House of Representatives had adjourned ;
the Senate had adjourned. Under those cir-
cumstances the act was perpetrated, and it
came before the Congress of the United States
at the. next session. Georgia came up then to
the next Congress without any Representa-
tives in the House; but she sent up her Sen-
ators, and those Senators came to us with the
seal and the signature of the Governor of the
State of Georgia attesting the fact that they
were duly elected and entitled to admission to
their places in the Senate of the United States.
What action did the Committee on the Judi- ,
ciary of the Senate take on the subject? They
reported this resolution :
"Resolved, That Joshua Hill, claiming to be a Sen-
ator-eleot from Georgia, ought not now to be admit-
ted to take a seat in this body."
_ Why use the word "now?" Why not admit
him at once ? He was not rejected by the
resolution, not rejected by the examination of
the committee; but it was notorious that there
was trouble in regard to the Legislature of the
State of Georgia, and until that matter was
settled the committee were of opinion that the
State would not suffer and the nation would
not suffer if there was no admission of Senators
from Georgia. Therefore they said to him, "Not
at the present time; we will think on the sub-
ject, but not admit you now." That is as far
as the action of the Senate committee went at.
that time.
Then came before the Congress of the United
States representatives from the State of Geor-
gia, asking for additional legislation. We gave
them that additional legislation on the 22d day
of last December; and forwhat purpose? For
thepurpose of interfering with the Governor in
the discharge of his official duties in the Stats
of Georgia?^ No, sir. For the purpose of
interfering with the operations of the judiciary
of the State of Georgia? No, sir. For what
purpose, then?_ For the purpose of promot-
ing the reorganization of the Legislature of the
State of Georgia, and for no other purpose
whatever. In that legislation you touched one
single point more; you required that tho Legis-
lature of Georgia, after it should be recon-
structed, should adopt the fifteenth amendment,
before the admission of Senators and Repre-
sentatives. You would not have thought of it
had it not been that you found the Legislature
disorganized; otherwise, in the usual way, you
would have submitted the fifteenth amendment
to her to be ratified or rejected at her pleasure.
But finding her in that category, and in pass-
ing the act, it was required of her that she
should also affirm the fifteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. Nothing
more than that was contemplated.
Here I desire to say one additional word on
the admission of a State into this Union. The
admission of a State into the Union may become
complete before she has any representation in
Congress at all. It was provided in tho case
of Nebraska that as soon as she complied with
the requirements made of her by the organic
law, thereupon, and without any further pro-
ceedings on the part of Congress, the admis-
sion of said State into the Union shall be con-
sidered as complete." The State that I have
the honor in part to represent was declared to
be admitted completely before any member
appeared in the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, or any man came here to claim a
seat as a Senator. Nebraska, therefore, be it
remembered, was a State in the Union com-
pletely and entirely without any representation
here. Georgia was further than that. She
was not only recognized everywhere as a State,
but she was also recognized in the House of
Representatives as a Stale in this Union. She
had more standing there, bore more character
as a State than Nebraska at the time we came
here and claimed our seats.
The distinguished Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] the other day'in discussing this
question said :
" Now, when does that State government become
effective ? From what period does it date ? Why,
sir, it dates from th.e time that the State was ad-
mitted."
No, sir, the commencement of the govern-
ment of the'State of Nebraska dated from the
time that she. complied with the requirements
of Congress. It dated from that hour, and
