1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I was
not present and did not know that such a state-
ment had been made. Of course a Senator
will take upon himself a very high responsibil-
ity who shall ask to have a matter of public
importance, of national importance of this kind
postponed, which has been pending in the Sen-
ate for many weeks, on a letter received from
an inhabitant of the State interested. Unless
he has the highest assurance that there are
facts in that letter which would have an influ-
.ence upon the decision of the Senate of course
he would not ask it. If we were told by a Sen-
ator, upon his responsibility, that he had such
information as he supposed would influence the
Senate in its action by having it laid before it,
and he asked to have the subject go over until
Thursday, I should agree with the Senator
from Ohio that that would present a case which
certainly deserved to be considered when we
came to vote upon the question of postpone-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. In reply to the inquiry of
the Senator from Illinois I have to say that, in
the first place, he is slightly mistaken as to the
length of time that this measure has been pend-
ing before the Senate. According to my rec-
ollection it was reported by the Senator on one
of the last days, if not the last day, of the session
immediately before the recess. I then objected
to its consideration on the ground that time was
needed for an inquiry. What is the date of the
report? Has the Senator the joint resolution
before him ?
Mr. DRAKE. It has never gone to a com-
mittee yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes; it has been
considered and reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
.Mr. SUMNER. It was reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. It was reported on the
20th of December.
Mr. SUMNER. Here it is: "A joint reso-
lution declaring Virginia entitled to represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States,
reported December 20, 1869." The Senator
from Illinois moved its consideration, I think,
on the same day or the next day, and I think
it was on my suggestion that proceeding with
its consideration was dropped. Now, it has
been moved again on the very first day after
our recess. Therefore, in point of fact it has
been pending one, two, or three legislative
days. Is that a long time for the pendency of
a question so important as my friend from Ne-
vada represents it on his side, so important as
I represent it on my side ? I think not. I re-
mind the Senator that when Mr. Douglas intro-
duced the Nebraska bill, standing very near
where the Senator now sits, he allowed those
of us constituting a very small minority a week
or ten days before he brought up the discus-
sion. I believe that such amenities are con-
genial with this Chamber. I think they had
better not be departed from. And now I turn
again 
Mr. STEWART. Let me call the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts to the fact
that there have been now over two weeks of
vacation and plenty of time to examine this
measure. The Senator from Illinois proposed
to call it up on the day it was reported or the
next day; but the Senator from Massachusetts
requested time, and it was granted. He has
had the best time in the world for an examin-
ation of this subject. It seems to me it was
his duty in those two weeks to examine it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already anticipated
the remark of the Senator in my reply to the
Senator from Illinois when I said that the
measure had been pending but two or three
legislative days. Am I in error? If I am,
will the Senator from Nevada be good enough
to correct me?
Mr. STEWART. It may have been pend-
ing only two or three legislative days; but
there hare been these two intervening weeks
for examination.
Mr. SUMNER. My language was
lative days." I said nothing about the recess.
The recess does not count.
Mr. STEWART. If leisure to examine this
subject was the object, it seems to me'that
absolute leisure from legislative duties would
be very convenient for an examination of that
kind.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The question
was, how long the measure has been pending
before the Senate. I said not more than two
or three legislative days.
And now I turn again to the Senator from
Illinois. He asks on what ground the motion
is made. The ground that 1 assigned was that
I wished to make an inquiry into the condition
of things in Virginia; that I have been assured
by those in whom I place confidence that evi-
dence on that condition will be forthcoming
important in character. Will it be important?
I am not able to say. It may be that when I
examine it it will not have the effect on my mind
which I anticipate. It may be that it will be
entirely in harmony with the views of the Sen-
ator from Nevada; but that is no reason why it
should not be examined. All that I ask is that
the testimony shall be received, and that the
Senate shall have an opportunity to consider
it. I am told that there are resolutions of
public bodies, that there are other communi-
cations testifying to the condition of things in
that State and going to show the impolicy of
any premature action on the part of Congress,
going to show what may hereafter ensue should
we prematurely invest the people of Virginia
with the independent powers of a State, hand-
ing over to rebel influence the loyal people,
whether black or white. I regard that as a
great question, one that I am unwilling to have
acted upon except after ample consideration.
I ask no personal favor whatever. I am plead-
ing for justice, but I plead also in harmony
with the well-established usages of this Cham-
ber ever since I have had the honor of a seat
in it. My friend from Nevada—I say to him in
all kindness—I think errs when he tries by his
powerful example to set aside those beautiful
amenities. Let us preserve them. Let us hand
them down to our successors. I hope that the
Senator will reconsider his course and will allow
this matter to go over to a future day ; I will
say till next Monday, whenit shall be proceeded
with from day to day until a final vote is reached,
at least so far as I am concerned.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts he says that pressing
this bill to a passage now is eonteiry to the
usage of the Senate. I should like to ask that
Senator how much time he gave to the oppo-
nents of the Georgia bill ?
Mr. SUMNER. I answer the Senator—it
is very easy—when was the Georgia bill taken
up for consideration after its report? Imme-
diately? Was there not ample time given? The
question is not whether the bill shall be pressed
day by day after its consideration has begun,
but when its consideration shall begin. The
Senate was right in pressing the Georgia bill
as it did to a vote, but it would have been
wrong had it pressed the consideration of the
Georgia bill prematurely without giving Sen-
ators an opportunity of inquiring into it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word?
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a word to say, and
I shall detain the Senate but a moment. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts pleads
very strenuously for a liberal course and for
the ancient courtesies of the Senate. I have
been observing the course of that Senator for
the last eight years, and my observation is that
to himself ho is the most liberal and courteous
Senator that I have ever known, and the least
so to all others. Now, the Senator occupies a
very imposing position, to be sure, throwing
himself so repeatedly and so earnestly upon
the lenity of the Senate; but I think he had
better practice awhile the principles that he
now advocates so strenuously before he asks
that they shall be executed as to himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only remark I wish
to make—I do not desire to enter into the merits
of the joint resolution on thi3 motion—is in
reply to what fell from the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. He argues to show the
impropriety of going on with this joint resolu-
tion from public considerations. In reference
to that argument I have nothing to say now.
But finally, if I understood him correctly, he
says that personally he does not ask it-^-for
his personal convenience he does not wish the
consideration of this subject postponed.
Mr. DRAKE. As a personal favor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As any personal favor
to him. Well, that disposes of the view which
the Senator from Ohio took—that it was a per-
sonal matter to the Senator from Massachu-
setts. Placed upon that ground it would be
very embarrassing to vote against the post-
ponement. But the Senator himself disavows
placing it upon any such ground, and argues
against traitors in Virginia, and I presume
would have the sympathies of all Union men
in his opposition to traitors in Virginia, if there
are any there at this time, which I hope there
are not.
Then, I take it, we are at liberty, after the
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to vote upon this question according to the
proprieties of the occasion. This is no new
subject. The President brought it to our con-
sideration the first day we met. It has been
before Congress ever since. The matter was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary at
an early day, was reported back before the re-
cess, and if there is information to be had in
regard to the state of things in Virginia, there
has been ample time to obtain it. Committees
from Virginia have visited Washington, have
been to see different members of Congress and
the difFeifent branches of Congress, have been
before committees of Congress; ana now when
the Senator from Massachusetts merely asks
that this matter be postponed because of the
amenities due in the Senate I do not see that
the amenities of the Senate are violated at all
in this matter. I think it has been pending
sufficiently long to justify any one in insisting
that the Senate should act upon it and act
definitely upon it. If there are personal con-
siderations that would be another thing. I lay
them aside because the Senator asking the
continuance himself lays them aside.
Mr. YATES. The vote which I shall give
upon this question I shall not consider a test
vote. I shall only regard the request of the
Senator from Massachusetts, which is a rea-
sonable one. I do not think reconstruction
must be such a rapid process. I do not think
we have to go by railroad speed, by express
line, or by lightning telegraph upon this ques-
tion of reconstruction. When a Senator like
the Senator from Massachusetts rises in the
Senate and says that he has important facts to
communicate which may influence the action
of the Senate upon the decision of this ques-
tion, I think the amenities of the Senate which
have ever characterized it should be extended
to him. It is necessary for our own inform-
ation ; it is important to us.
While war existed I was for war with all
the destructive enginery of war, with all the
means and all the men that could be employed
in the prosecution of the war. Now that the
war is over I am for the same lofty magnanim-
ity upon the part of the American people
which distinguished them in their energetic
prosecution of the war. The time has come
when all asperities must be buried, when this
Republic must be one, when the Union must
be our polar star, when we mast be one in
sentiment, one in love, one in territwy, one
in union from the Atlantic to the Pacific and
from the lakes to the Gulf. Therefore, sir, I
shall be as prompt to admit southern States
and men from- the South to all the privileges
of this Government as I was prompt to suppress
