260B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
from, that hour she was in the Union without
any representation here whatever.
Again, the Senator said:
" Therefore tho Stato government, illo tenure of
tho officers, does not dato from tho time tho election
was held, but d^tos from tho time of tlio restoration
of tho State, when tho military eommandcr no longer
has power to remove them, when thoy ureuo longer
under hisooatrol."
Now, concede thai as a true proposition and
then what have you ? Then, according to this
definition of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, whenever the military commander has no
longer power to remove tho State officers that
community is a Stale of the Union. Sir, in
the opening of my remarks I gave you the date
at which the power of the military commander
ceased iu the Slate of Georgia, and if I take
the Senator's definition as true, then dated the
entire restoration of the State of Georgia:
"When tho military commander no longer has
power to remove thorn, when, they are 110 longer
under liis control."
They were no longer under liis control from
the day of the proclamation withdrawing the
troops before turning over tho institutions of
the State of Georgia to tho civil authorities,
Georgia then being a State iu the Union, the
question is, how came she to be regarded sub-
sequently as out of the Union ? ller own con-
stitution has something to say upon that ques-
tion. ller own constitution lias declared ;
" Tlio St.ite of Gcorsia .shall ever remain amembcr
of Ihe American Union; tile peoplo thereof aro a
pan of tho American nation; every citi/cn thereof
owes paramount allerianeo to the Constitution and
Government of tho United States, and no law or
ouliiunce in tin-, Stale in contravention or subver-
sion thereof - hall ever liuvo any binding force."
Iter con<-tIiutioii never changed her condi-
tion. > 'The St.itc of Georgia shall ever remain
a member of the American Union.'' Such is
the language of the constitution of Georgia.
And further, tho constitution of Georgia also
ha^ this clause:
"Should this constitution bo ratified by the people,
and Congress accept tho same"—
It was ratified by the people,.and Congress
did accept it—
" Willi any qualifications or conditions, the govern-
ment, herein provided ior and Ihe officers elected
t~h.il! nevertheless exist, and continue in the exorcise
ot llieir several (unctions as tho government of this
State, fo far as the ,uiuiio may be consistent with tho
action of the United States in tho premises."
Mr. President, that constitution of Georgia
was modified in one respect. That modifica-
tion was satisfactory. It did not change the
constitution generally. In anticipation of the
fact that her Governor would be holding an
office when the State should lie admitted, that
the members of the Legislature would bo in
their seats when she should be admitted, that
the judges would be upon the bench when she
should be admitted as a Stale, they provided
that " the government herein provided for and
tho officers elected shall nevertheless exist
and continue," onward iu their terms is the
meaning of the clause, until the expiration of
their terms. Their terms are not to be con-
sidered as exhausted with the admission. The
provision is explicit upon that subject.
Now, Mr. President, i am opposed to the
bill in toto, but yet my opinion 011 this subject
eannot prevail here, for it has been tho will of
the House of Representatives to send us a bill
for tho readmission of the State of Georgia.
If that bill were not here I would simply re-
quire that the Senators first elected in theState
of Georgia should come forward and be sworn
into office. Bat inasmuch as the Bingham
amendment has been attached to the bill, the
bill is free from objection, and I am in favor
of that amendment. Willi that amendment
the bill reads as follows;
Jle it enacted by the Senate and House 0/ Represent-
atives of the United Stated of America lit Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Georgie Tis entitled to
representation in tho Congress of tbe United States :
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacate any of the offices now filled m
tho State of Georgia, either by the election of the
peopleorby theappointmento? theGovernorthercot,
by and with tho adviee and consent of the senate of
said State; neither shall this act be construed to ex-
tend tho official term of auy officer of said Stato
beyond the term limited by the constitution thoroof,
dating from the election or appointment of sueh offi-
cer; nor to deprive tho people of Georgia of the right
under their constitution to oloot Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the State of Georgia in tho year 3870;
but said eloction shall be held in tlio year 1870, either
on tho day named in tho constitution of said Stato or
such other day as tho present Legislature may desig-
nate by law.
That is tho language of the Bingham amend-
ment., and that amendment has been character-
ized in terms expressive, and I may say vin-
dictive. It has been said that the Bingham
amendment has for its object, and certainly for
its cousecjuence, the turning over of the loyal
people of Georgia to the tender mercies of the
rebels. Why, sir, there is nothing in that
amendment except this: that whereas the
Stato of Georgia by her constitution has pro-
vided when terms of office shall commence and
when terms shall end, when elections shall bo
held in the State of Georgia, therefore yi this
legislation wo do not intend to interfe/w with
the operation of the constitution, of the State
of Georgia, but elections shall be held inde-
pendent of us, independent of our will, inde-
pendent of onr wish ; and all the provisions of
tho constitution of tho State of Georgia shall
be carried out as thoy are written down in tho
instrument.
Jjut why i-i tho Bingham amendment intro-
duced at all? The reason is obvious. The
Legislature of Georgia have already legislated
upon the assumption that they arc a Legisla-
ture for two years boyond their present term;
and consequently, tho attention of the members
of the House of liepresentatives being called
to it, the Bingham amendment was offered and
attached to this bill. The Governor of Georgia
himself went belore the .Judiciary Committee
of the Senate and said this:
"All that I havo said upon that subject is, that
when tho organization of the Legislature shall havo
been accepted by Congress, a nd tho Stato shall havo
been admitted to representation, and thereby become
a Stato iu tho Union, that then tho members of tho
Iiegialaturo will enter as members de jain upon tho
constitutional term for which they were elected."
Again;
"There is no half-wjiy ground in this matter.
Either tho government of Georgia is provisional
to-day, or tho action of Congress in passing the act
of December £2, 18G9, cannot be defended."
Then the State Legislature, proceeding upon
the assumption that tho Legislature were to be
continued for two years more without a new
election, have elected a fifth Senator for the
State of Georgia. Why so ? in what manner?
The law requires that the Senator shall bo
elected by tho Legislature which is in existence
immediately prior to the going out of the Sen-
ator whose place is to be Tilled. They assume,
therefore, that for the next two years they will
be the Legislature of the State. They do not
suppose that there is to be any question in re-
gard to their holding their terms; but they are
to proceed upon the assumption that they are
tho Legislature for the next two years, and
may therefore do what a Legislature constitu-
tionally elected might do within the next two
years ; and therefore they have elected a fifth
United States Senator for tho State of Georgia.
Mr. President, we ought to know and under-
stand what is the real trouble in the State of
Georgia. We may as well look that question
in the face here as well as elsewhere. We
Khali have to meet it hereafter. The truth is
that in the State of Georgia there are aspirants
in the Republican party for all the prominent
offices in the Stato. Their anticipations have
not been realized. They therefore eoine before
Congress, one party to get a congressional act
recognizing their continuance in power, others
desiring that they shall be left under the con-
stitution as they are, or when thoy find that
there is to be an assumed extension of terms
and tenures of offices they ask us to impose the
Bingham amendment to arrest it; and others
again proclaim that if we undertake to arrest
it, and precipitate an election according to the
terms of the constitution, justice cannot be
done to the colored voters of the State of
Georgia.
Mr. President, I sympathize with that idea
as far as I dare. What i could do individually
to secure a Republican triumph in Georgia any
mau who knows me understands I would do as
heartily as any citizen of the State of Georgia.
1 desire the triumph of the Republicans of the
State of Georgia, and I have rejoiced in the
fact that they did triumph at the polls in the
election of their State officers and their Legis-
lature. But, sir, notwithstanding that, 1 am
here the sworn representative of a State, and it
is my business to look into the constitution and
to look into the laws, not to sit here in the atti-
tude of a court of equity for the purpose of doing
that which is most agreeable to my own desires
in this behalf, but to enforce the law of Con-
gress and enforce the constitution, as far as we
legitimately may, of the State of Georgia.
Within thoso lines 1 can perform my duty.
Outside of those lines I will perform no duty
whatever under an influence either here or from
abroad.
But, Mr. President, it is a fact patent-to all,
no one can deny it, that in the whole course
of the debate on this subject, from the time
wc commenced with th  constitution of Vir-
ginia down to tho present moment, there has
been a distinct attempt on the part of si por-
tion of those who discuss these questions here
to arrogate to themselves and to assume for
themselves, that they par excellence, are the
■Republican leaders of this nation 5 that they
and those who think with them are the Re-
publican party of this country; and that
therefore it is absolutely audacious for any
man t.o undertake to stand upon his own indi-
viduality and vote upon his convictions of the
law and the Constitution. I have nothing to
complain of for myself in this regard. J havo
not mixed in these discussions; and being so
newin this Hall, and so humble in this presence,
I, as a matter of course, escape with impunity.
But I have seen it in the case of others. Sen-
ators who have devoted their past, lives for
years in defense of the constitutional rights of
all men as devotedly, as persistently, and as
honestly as any others have been denounced
and attempted to be read out of the Republican
ranks for taking position upon this subject. 1
regard this as a most unfortunate course of
procedure; and when Senators claim for them-
selves that these assumptions are for the pur-
pose of preserving the integrity of the Repub-
lican party they ought to understand human
nature well enough to know that there aro no
masters in this Chamber and no owners of
men's consciences or votes here.
This course of procedure has been encour-
aged by a portion of the public press. Every-
thing that is low in the petty .demagogism of
party canvassers has been introduced here.
The machinery was set in operation in this
city. The wires were pulled from the State
of Georgia. Whenever it was necessary to
alarm some timid, nervous man here, a murder
was reported to the Senate. We have been
told of a railroad riot on account of the Bing-
ham amendment, when there was perhaps not
among the operatives a man who was able to
spell the word "Bingham" if it had been
placed on a card before him. But we are
asked to believe that they were all so perfectly
imbued with the subject, so thoroughly con-
versant with the discussions in the Senate
Chamber, that the men in the trenches with
their picks wore overwhelmed with the idea
that the Bingliam amendment was about to
prevail, and therefore they got up in the State
of Georgia mobs, with banners and with music,
I suppose, and groans, to make demonstrations
because of the coming of the Bingham amend-
ment. Do these people think that you aud_ I,
sir, are such fools as to believe the half of it?
Why, sir, all these tricks have been tried in
every latitude in this country long since, ex-
cept in virtuous New England. They are now
