650
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May
41st Coxa....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
All officers shall be elected by a plurality of
votes given at any election, and a general
election of officers shall be held at least once
in each year; bat in case of any accidental
failure or neglect to hold such general elec-
tion, the corporation shall not thereby lapse
or terminate, but shall continue and exist, and
the old officers shall hold over until the next
general election of officers provided for in the
constitution.
The award of any general committee of ref-
erence appointed by said corporation upon any
matter of difference, submitted to such com-
mittee for arbitration in writing, with or with-
out seal, by any member of said corporation
or by any other person whatsoever, shall have
the same force and effect as if tbe same had
been submitted to the arbitration of the mem-
bers of said committee of reference, by their
individual names by deed of submission ; and
any such award may be filed and made a rule
of court, and judgment entered thereon and
execution issued in the same manner and
under the same rules and regulations that
other awards may be entered, under and by
virtue of the laws in force in said District. No
submission or arbitration bond shall be re-
quired to be filed with such awards; but four
days' notice of the filing of such award shall
be given to the opposite party of the party
filing the award. Said committee of reference,
when sitting as arbitrators as aforesaid, shall
have the right to issue subpenas and compel
the attendance of witnesses by attachment, the
same as justices of the peace.
Said eorporation.may inflict fines upon any
of its members, and collect the same, for
breach of the provisions of the constitution or
by-laws j but no fine shall in any case exceed
twenty-five dollars. (Such fines may be col-
lected by action of debt, brought in tbe name
of the corporation, before any justice of the
peace, against, the person upon whom the fine
shall have been imposed.
Said corporation shall have no power or
authority to do or carry on any business ex-
cepting such as is usual in the management
and conduct of hoards of trade or chambers
of commerce; and as provided for in the fore-
going sections of this act.
liAIUlO.U) COMPANIES l.V TI1E DISTRICT 01''
COLUMBIA.
Sun. 7. And be -it ftirlher enacted. That any
number of persons, not less than seven, being
subscribers to the stock of any contemplated
iailroad, inay be formed into a corporation
for the purpose of constructing, owning, and
maintaining such railroad, by complying with
the following requirements: whenever stock
to the amount of at, least fifty thousand dollars
shall have been subscribed, and live per cent,
upon such subscription shall actually have
been paid in, the subscribers to such stock
shall elect directors for sueh company from
among their own number, and shall severally
subscribe articles of association in which shall
be set forth the name of the corporation, the
amount of the capital stock of the company,
(winch may be increased from time to time,
il necessary, to a sum equal to the cost of con-
structing the road, together with the right of
way and motive power, together with all the
appurtenances and expenses necessary for the
complete running of said road,) the number
of shares of which said stock shall consist, tiie
number of directors and their names, to man-
<:ue the atfairs of the company, the point or
pi< ce lio;n which the proposed railroad is to
J'*' constructed, and its length, as near as may
i>o. bach subscriber to such articles of asso-
ciation shall state his place of residence, and
the number of shares taken by him in such
company.
8. And be it-further enacted,-TUnX arti-
cles of association formed in jiurstiauee of the
provisions of the foregoing section, shall be
filed in the clerk's office of the register of
deeds in the District of Columbia, and be
recorded in a book kept for that purpose, and
thereupon the persons who shall have sub-
scribed the same, and all persons who shall
from time to time become stockholders in such
company, and their successors, shall be a body
politic and corporate, in perpetuity, by the
name stated in such articles of association,
and shall be capable of suing and being sued,
and may have a common seal and may make
and alter the same at pleasure, and shall be
capable in law of purchasing, holding, and
conveying any real or personal property what-
ever, necessary for the construction of sueh
road, and for the erection of all necessary
buildings and yards and appurtenances for the
use of the same. A copy [of] any articles of
association filed in pursuance of this act, and
certified to be a copy by the legister of deeds,
shall, in all courts and places, be prima facie
evidence of the incorporation of such com-
pany and of the facts stated therein.
Sko. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
directors named 111 the seventh section of this
act shall open books for subscription to the
capital stock of the company at such times
and in such places as a majority of them may
direct, thirty days' notice of which shall bo
given by publication in some daily paper pub-
lished in said District; and in case a greater
amount of stock shall be subscribed than the
whole capital stock required by such company,
the directors shall distribute such capital stock
so subscribed as equally as possible among the
subscribers; but 110 share thereof shall be
divided in making such distribution, nor shall
tt greater number of shares be allotted to any
one subscriber than by htm subscribed for.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be an annual meeting of the stock-
holders at_ the ollice of the company for the
election of directors to servo for the ensuing
year, notice of which shall be given by the
directors chosen as provided in the first sec-
tion ol this act, for the first annual election,
and afterward by their successors in office,
which notice shall be published not less than
twenty days previous thereto, in a newspaper
published in the city of Washington. Three
judges of election shall be chosen by the
board ol directors previous to any annual
meeting of the stockholders, who shall be
stockholders but not directors at the time of
such election, whose duty it shall be to receive
the votes ol the stockholders at such election
for directors, and who shall openly oount the
votes and declare the result, and shall furnish
the directors elected at such meeting of stock-
holders with a certificate of their election,
which certificate shall be evidence of their
authority to act as such directors. No less
than seven, nor more than thirteen directors
shall be chosen at such meeting of stockhold-
ers by ballot, and by a majority of the votes
ol the stockholders being present, in person
or by proxy : and every such stockholder being
so present at any election of directors shall be
entitled to give one vote for every share of
stock which lie may have owned for ten days
next preceding such election; but 110 stock-
holder shall vote at any such election upon
any stock except such as he shall have owned
for ten days. ]\!o person shall be a director
unless he shall be a stockholder and qualified
to vote for directors at, the election at which
lie shall be chosen. The directors shall hold
their offices for one year, and until others are !
elected and qualified.
S;:c. 11. And be it further enacted, That
meetings of the stockholders may be called at,
any time during the interval between the annual
meetings, by the directors, or by the stockbold-
ersowninc not Ie?s than one fourth of (he stock,
by giving thirty days' public notice of the lime
and place of the meeting; and when any .such
meeting is called by the stockholders, the par-
ticular object of such meeting shall be stated
in such notice, and if at any such meeting thus
called, a majority in value of the stockholders
are not represented in person or by proxy, such
meeting shall be adjourned from day to day,
not exceeding three days, without transacting
any business, and if within said three days
stockholders having a majority of the stock
do not attend such meeting, then the meeting
shall be dissolved.
Sko. 12. And be it further enacted, That at
a regular meeting of the stockholders of any
such corporation, it shall be the duty of the
president and director?hi office for the preced-
ing year, to exhibit a clear and distinct state-
ment of the affairs of the said company, and
at any meeting of the stockholders a majority
of those present, in person or by proxy,' may
require similar statements from the directors,
whose duty it shall be to furnish them when
required; and at all general meetings of the
stockholders, a majority in value of the stock-
holders in such company may remove any presi-
dent or any director, and elect others in their
stead: Provided, That notice of such intended
removal shall have been given as required in
the two last prcccding sections.
Skc. 13. And be it further enacted, That in
ease it shall happen at any time that an elec-
tion of directors shall not be made on the day
designated by the by-laws of the company when
it ought to have been made, the company for
that reason shall not, be dissolved, if within
ninety days thereafter they shall hold an elec-
tion for directors in such manner as shall be
provided by the by-laws of the company.
There shall be a presidentof the company who
shall be chosen by and from the directors, and
also such subordinate officers as the company
by-laws may designate, who may be elected or
appointed, and required to give such security
for the faithful performance of the duties of
their offices as tbe company by its by-laws may
require: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be so construed as to prevent the
stockholders from removing a president in the
manner prescribed in the preceding section.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the directors to call in and
demand from the stockholders, respectively,
any sums of money by them subscribed, in such
payments or installments as the directors shall
deem proper, under the penalty of forfeiting
the shares of stock subscribed for and all pre-'
vious payments made thereon if payment shall
not be made by the stockholder within thirty
days after personal demand or notice requiring
such payment: Provided, That, subscriptions
shall not be required to be paid except in equal
installments of not more than ten per centum
per month.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That, the
directors of such company shall have power
to make by laws for the management and dis-
position of stock, property, and business affairs
of sueh company, and prescribing the duties of
the officers, artificers, and servants that may
be employed, and for the appointment of all
the officers for the carrying 011 all the business
within the object and purposes of sucji com-
pany.
Stc. 16. And beit further enacted, That the
stock of such company shall be deemed per-
sonal estate, and shall be transferable only on
the books of tbe company ; but no shares shall
be transferable until pievious calls thereon
shall have been fully paid, or the shares shall
have been forfeited for the non-payment of
calls thereon.
Sec. 17. Andbe it further enacted. That the
president and a majority of the directors,
within thirty days after the payment of the
last initnljuier't of the capital stock so fixed
and limited by the company, shall make a,
