3552
ttffc cotfgitimwfai glomi.
Mav 17,
for its divided or" Japanese system of responsi-
bility. It has its Mikado and Tycoon. One
is the real power and the, other is the ostensi-
ble power. I refer to tlio Admiral and the
Secretary. It is, moreover, obnoxious for its
. conspicuous lack of order, law-abiding spirit,
and economy.
The gentleman from Wisconsin himself has
said that there was in the present administra-
tion of the Navy Department extravagance,
profligacy, and ahuses. I do not know, but I
do not believe, that he applied these, terms
especially to this particular matter of extra pay
which he has now brought before the committee.
Tht?re was enough to predicate hisremarksupohj
without giving them this application. There
was the deficiency bill which the Committee
011 Appropriations brought before us, in a hurry,
some months ago. There were the estimates,
so extraordinary that the committee has cut
the;n down neany $8,000,000. There are other
extravagances hereafter to be discussed. More-
over, in reference to this particular matter of
extra pay, to speak frankly* I do not believe
the piescut Secretary of the Navy is so grossly
wrong us the geatleinau from Ohio [Mr. Mor-
u.vxj and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
WasiiIU'i;:;] would make out. It is hotiieces-
sary tu have the present administration of the
Navy defended or attacked in reference to any-
thing which it hastdone ia imitation of the late
intelligent^ fear less, law-abiding ad ministration
of t!:e Navy Department of Gideon Welles. It
has sins .enough of its own. The administra-
tion ,of Mr. Welles cannot be criticised with
justice or with honesty as a law-defying De-
partment. I ainjiappy, to defend that admin-
lstraiion of the Navy Department. ,1 do it the
w.ofo cheerfully because it has no patronage
to bestow, and because when it ha,a, I never
received anything froth. it.
1 am not, as a Democrat, in any sense re-
sponsible for the eight years of service of Mr.
Welles j but iii justice to him, in justice to his
able and distinguished service, in justice to the
l lepublican Presidents who appointed and con-
tinued him, and in justice to the Republican
party which sustained him,, and which has no
defender here now, 1 stand here alone to ask
that he may have decent respect and a fair hear-
ing. I have on my desk a statement from him,
which I. nope maybe read. It is brief,, and
like all his pkpers pointed and.practical. From
this statement it will appear tnat all Secretary
Welles did in reference to this thirty-threcv per
cent, was done with the knowledge of Congress
and its Naval Committees; and under their
approval and sanction Congress appropriated
the money by which his order was made effect-
ive., If,therefore, he lias done anything wrong
in this matter, it' he has.disregarded law1; the
Republican Congress and its committees niust
share the responsibility with hi in.
' Mr. MORGAN. So.it should. >
., Mr. COX.. I agree with the gentleman from
Ohio and. the gentleman iron! Wisconsin, that
the present administration of the Navy Depart-
ment is rotten from stern to.bow. Thece is no
.comparison betwe'eh the present and the pre-
vious administration of Secretary Welles. I
wotjld hot compare the two. I cannot compare
a canal scow, to a great ocean steamer. , I ask
to have read the statement, in order that we
may understand upon what ground Mr. Welles
acted. 11 is no justification of the.law-defying
extravagances, which may have been pointed
out, or which may hereafter be pointed out in
the administration of this weakest of all' the
we.alc Departments of this weakest of all weak
.Administrations since this Government began.
The committee .has allowed a statement of the
j)res<;r.t Secretary to be read by. unanimous
consent, and I hope there will be no objection
to the reading of the statement of the late Sec-
retary.
[Here the hammer fell-3
Air. DICKEY. I hope there will be no
objection to reading a page from the log of
that ihost ancient mariner.
Mr. HILL. I object to it. I object to it on
account of the denunciation of Mr. Robeson,
the present Secretary of the 'Navy, with which
the gentleman has introduced it. It is not the
right way to ask for justice for one Secretary
by doing injustice to another Secretary.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which I think the Chair-
man will find clearly in order. I move to add
to the amendment of the gentleman frdm Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] the following words:
Ancl the payment of thirty-throe and a third per
cent, additional, provided for and ordered in and by
the general order of the Secretary of thoNavy, dated
May 23,1866, shall be continued and paid out of this
appropriation to all officers of the Navy below the
grado of cominodoro.
Mr. WASHBURN) of Wisconsin. Is that
amendment in order?
Mr. STEVENS. I. think it will be found
that it is clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order. The Clerk will
read-the rule in regard to amendments which
maybe made to general appropriation bills.
The Clerk read as follows:
,"' No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
oral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment tnereto, tor any expenditurb not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as aro
already in progress, and fof the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment.'—ltute 120. [Lt has been decided that under
this rulo it 4s noit in order to jiroposo an amend-
ment t,o a general appropriation bill which changes
an existing law. But it was also decided that the
latter branch of the rule not only permitted amend-
ment^ increa3irig salaries, but was framed for that
very purposo.]"
The CHAIRMAN. The Chaif ia of opinion
that the object of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire being to increase
the pay of these officers, if it is proper to in-
crease salaries in an appropriation bill, the pay
may be increased.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, we have
been discussiug here for a long timg this ques-
tion of pay, and I desire very briefly to call the
attention of the committee to what is the pres-
ent condition of things as regards the pay of
[ officers of tlie Navy. If there is any man on
I this committee who will say that he believes
; the pay of the officers of the Navy is too much,
; then 1 certainly must entirely disagree with
1 him. Upon a fair consideration of this mat-
| ter—add I have given it some consideration—
: I am free to say that if you except the four
highet grades of admiral, vice admiral, rear
admiral, and commodore, the pay of the naval
qfficers to-day is fair and equitable. Such is
the judgment of gentlemen with whom I am
associated and with whom I have conferred,
men who stand high here in this House as
economists. I frill say furthet, that it is far
below the pay of officers of tlie Army, arid that
it is below the provisions made by the distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
in the bill which he introduced a short time
since, aiid which has passed this House. If,
then, this view be correct,} if the pay of the
naval officers, including ths thirty-three and a
third per cent., is just what it should be?, neither
more nor less, I ask the committee, why should
we now seek to disturb the existing arrange-
ment and bring, back the pay-roll and pay-
table of. the Navy Department to the state
of anarchy and chaos in which they formerly
existed?
■ If you adopt this amendment of mine, you
leave, things in statu quo; you leave the pay of
the Navy as it now is, neither increasing it nor
decreasing it except so . far as the four higher
grades which my amendment excepts are con-
cerned. Now, is not this a clear and distinct
proposition addressed to the good sense artd
fair judgment of this House, to say that inthi's
appropriation bill we will not disturb the pay
of the Navy? If Mr. Welles issued an illegal
order, let us remember that four or five Con-
gresses have recognized that order, and by
implication legalized it 'by making appropria-
tions to meet it And to pay the Navy under it.
Let uS not forget that if Mr. Welles committed
an act of doubtful legality, we or bur prede-
cfessots have heretofore recognized that act as
a legal one so far as they could by implication
in voting appropriations to carry it out, Aud
whether that order in its origin was legal or
illegal, whether its legality was doubtful or
certain, let us to-night legalize it, not allowing
ourselves to be carried away by any false sen-
timent which may have arisen in the discussion
of this question heretofore, but let us place the
matter iti a legal form with legal force and say
to the'Navy, " There is your pay as you have had
it for the last four or five years, legalized by
the action of Congress; take it and go your
way." I ask a vote on my amendment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
and in the first place I ask to have read at the
Clerk'8 desk as a part of my remarks a state-
ment of Mr. Welles, late Secretary of the Navy,
the reading of which was objected to juSt now
by gentlemen belonging to the party which
appointed Secretary Welles. I would like to
have it read. ,
The Clerk read as follows :
"Criticism hhs been made on order No. To, giving
(ho Navy officers thirty-three per cent, iti lieu of extra
allowances. These extra allowances had formerly
been allowed, but were prohibited by set of Congress
in 1833. That aet was repealed in 1866, for the pur-
pose of enabling the Secretary to issue order No. 75.
That order was immediately published and made
known to members of Congress and all others. There
were one or two members, and but one or two, who
took exception to it, and they were advised, if they
thought proper, to bring thesubiectbefore Congress,
when this question of Army and Navy pay could be
taken np and equalized. The Army officers weronot
only drawing higher pay than Navy officers, but
Were receiving extra allowances by order of tho Sec-
retary of AVar. This was causing great,discontent.
General Washburn and other Army officers may
not have known the fact, but Navy officers of that
day did. There was a strong pressure for increased
naval pay, but there was hesitation and reluctance
to meet the subjcct direct—the Army influence
greatly overpowered tho Navy—there wfts a disin-
clination to -attempt to equalize tho pay of the two
services, though none denied its justice, and the re-
sult was, instead of raising Navy pay to Army pay,
a repeal of the law of 1835, by which naval ofiicers
were prohibited allowances and by which they would
bo benefited. This devolved tin whole subject on
the Secretary of tho Navy, who was not negligent of
those whose welfare was to a degree in llis keeping.
He knew that Congress had an object iff repealing
the law of 1835, and ho knew what that object was.
"The order No. 75 was no secret. Congress knew
of it and took no steps to annul it. On the contrary
iheyhavei made annually tho necessary appropria-
tions to carry it into effect. It was believed by the
Secretary and others, when tho order was issued,
that it would not stand without comment, and that
discussion would briug about equality of pay with
the Army. In all that he did the then Sccretn re-
acted in concert with the Naval Committees of the
two Housbs and also with such members as attended
to tljeir legislative duties with but two or three ex-
ceptions, and these, in view of all the facts, appear
to have acquiesced; at all events no objections wcro
made in either House. This explanation seems neces-
sary to a correct understanding of the case on tho
part of the gentlemen who were not members when
the act of 1863 was passed repealing tho law of 1835,
and who may not have examined the subject. There
was a design in repealing the law of 1835 well under-
stood, whatever may have been tho discussion, or
whether there was none at all."
Mr. MUNGEN. I simply desire to say that
this is the second time to-day that gentlemen
opposite have objected to the reading o.f papers
from officials of their own party. This morn-
ing they objected to the reading of a statement
from the Commissioner of Pensions exposing
vast frauds in regard to pension certificates.
And inasmuch as Secretary Robeson's state-
ment was read, I desired that the statement of
ex-Secretary Welles should also be heard. I
care nothing about this a intendment, and that
is all I have to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I wotild li&e a vote oh my
at&etidment now.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gehtleman will
withdraw his amendment for a moment or two.
I will renew it.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it against my
own judgment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. I think it is but
fairthatthe House shonld know just what wonld
be the compensation of these officers if the
proviso should be adopted, and what it would
