4496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Every Senator who has discussed this ques-
tion has stated in the outset that there was a
large amount of correspondence or Govern-
ment business that must go through the mails
free of postage or the business cannot be done.
All agree to that. All have concurred in the
fact that Senators and Representatives and
heads of Departments should not be required
to pay for postage on Government business.
All have concurred in that proposition. It is
said there are abuses under the present system,
and now you will cut off all our free postage
of Government matter for the purpose of
reaching the abuses. You will kill the patient
to cure the disease! I am opposed to that
kind of legislation ; I think it childish.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am pro-
foundly sorry to be obliged to say a word in
this debate. It was my settled purpose not to
do so up to last evening ; but when the Sen-
ate unmasked last evening I felt called upon
to express my surprise and astonishment. For
a time I was so overwhelmed by it that I could
not get the floor, and so I have postponed the
few things I had to say until now.
I spoke of my surprise last night when the
Senate unmasked. Up to last evening I bad
been induced fondly to believe that the Senate
was hungering to abolish the franking priv-
ilege. I did suppose that the one measure of
reform which all the Senate was agreed upon
was this of abolishing the franking privilege.
Hitherto, when it has come before us in its
regular order on the Calendar, Senators have
said, '' I wish to postpone this for to-day ; con-
sider this other bill; this other bill is in some
doubt; the franking bill is sure to pass; 110
doubt about that; let us to-day consider this."
And so, from day to day, the Senate has
yielded to that argument, constantly postpon-
ing the consideration of this bill to abolish
what you call the franking privilege, until now
and last evening the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] astonished me, and I think
must have astonished the country somewhat,
when he stood up and declared that there was
not probably a single Senator in this Chamber
who wanted to abolish the franking privilege.
The Senator from Nevada was mistaken a
little. He was nearer right than I supposed
he could have been; but he was mistaken a
little. There was one Senator then in the
Chamber, and still here, who wanted to abol-
ish the franking privilege, and who still wants
to abolish it.
Mr. STEWART. Without any substitute?
Mr. HO WIS. Without any substitute on this
bill. I do not suppose that the necessity for
legislation wiil be ended when we have abol-
ished this practice of franking speeches and
Congressional Globes and agricultural re-
ports and Washington Chronicles and your
letters and mine to our constituents. I do
not suppose that the necessity tor legislation
will have ended then. Further legislation will
be required, and I do not suppose that this
Congiess wiil go out of existence when they
lose the franking privilege. They will be here
for the purpose of fuither legislation. 1 trust
they will be able to comeback again after their
terms have expired, although they may be
rifled of this privilege of franking speeches and
documents to their constituents; but for a time
they will be here and they can pass other bills,
and they can supply any new necessity that
may appear in the public service by reason of
the abolition of this privilege of franking.
So I repeat, sir, that I was in favor of the
passage of this bill without amendment, with-
out addition, without subtraction. I am as
much in favor of it to-day as I was last night.
I was as much in favor of it six years ago as
I am to-day. I never have had this question
presented to me when I did not want to secure
the abolition of this great abuse.
Now, Mr. President, why should we not put
an end to this? 1 have listened as well as I
have been able to this debate. I have heard
many, if not all the objections which have
been urged against it. What are they? I have
been absolutely astounded at the time con-
sumed in the debate. It is or it is not expe-
dient to pass this bill; and it does seem to me
the whole argument might be stated in a very
few words and in a very few moments—both
the argument for and against the measure.
What are the objections to the repeal of the
franking privilege? I heard the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumker] say last night—
I did not have the privilege of listening to the
speech which I hear commended in such un-
measured terms last week—but I did hear him
say last night that this was not a working
scheme, and therefore he would not go for it.
Something like that has been urged elsewhere
in the Chamber. It has been urged just now
by the Senator from Nevada. Allow me to
say that, in my humble judgment I think those
Senators are mistaken. I think this is a work-
ing scheme. I think it is an efficient bill. I
think it will accomplish one great measure.
Mr. President, you will pardon the reckless-
ness I manifest when I dare to stand up here
in spite of all the ridicule to which I have lis-
tened and call this a great reform, for I really
believe it to be a great reform. The passage
of this bill, I say, will accomplish one great
reform. It will not accomplish all reforms.
Reform will not have done its perfect work.
Other matters must follow this. Legislation
will not be at an end ; but one thing will have
been accomplished. Just by our recording the
assent of the Senate to this small bill thismuch
will have been accomplished, that from the 1st
day of July onward, members of the Senate,
members of the House of Representatives,
heads of Departments, bureau officers will be
relieved from the labor of spending large por-
tions of their time in putting their autographs
upon envelopes, and can devote that labor and
that time to the public service. So much will
have been accomplished. Iiow much will
have been saved to the revenues I do notknow.
That a great sum will be saved 110 one disputes.
If it were a small sum it would be worth our
while to save it.
But a more serious objection than this is pre-
sented in this form : it is said it will stop the
diffusion of knowledge. Not entirely, I think,
Mr. President. I am inclined to think wis-
dom will not die when we shall have stopped
franking public documents. If I did think so
I should hesitate to give my support to this
reform. We shall not entirely have stopped
the diffusion of knowledge. Mr. President, I
put this question to the Senate, if they really
mean to tell _ an intelligent public that their
object iu insisting upon this right to frank
public documents is to educate the country, to
diffuse intelligence. Is that the primary, the
real object? If so, that object can be accom-
plished in a great deal better and more efficient
manner, I think. That intelligence is ditfused
to a certain extent by the franking privilege, I
do not doubt; but I think, after all, we are
not a convocation of school-masters. I do not
think that it is the primary purpose of this
assembly to educate the public. We are not
teachers. If we are, we are awkward in the
practice of that calling. When I send one of
my speeches to a constituent I have no doubt
he is very much more learned than he would
have been without it: but I can get my speeches
before my constituents without having the privi-
lege of franking one to each one of my con-
stituents.
If this privilege of franking public docu-
ments is first-cousin to the public school, as it
is said here, I have learned it in the course of
this debate for the iirst time. Your public
school is open to everybody. It is offered to
all; all are taxed to support it; all are allowed
to participate in the benefits of it; and it is the
sole purpose of the public school to educate
the mind of the child, and the school is open
to those who need education the most, to the
more ignorant, to the youngest. Just as soon
as the mind is capable of receiving education,
then you throw open the doors of the school.
You do not send your public documents to
children; you do not send your public docu-
ments to the ignorant; you do not send your
public documents to all. I send public docu-
ments. I try to make a faithful use of this
privilege, which you say is accorded me. AH
I can afford to buy, all the Government gives
me, all the newspapers I think worth reading,
go to somebody who is a constituent of mine;
but after all, out of a population of more than
a million, which I have the honor in part to
represent here, there are only about three
thousand names on the book which guides me
in the direction of public documents. Mr.
President, what right have you, or I, or any
man, to tax that million to educate that three
thousand?
Besides that, I am bound, since I am at the
confessional here, to acknowledge that I do
not send these documents to the most needy.
I am inclined to think that as a rule those I
send them to require education rather les3 than
more than the, great body of my constituents,
my fellow-citizens in my own State. I do not
know what is the experience of others ; but I
know, if my purpose was to educate, instead
of sending my documents as I do now to my
Republican friends, I would turn my attention
exclusively to my Democratic fellow-citizens,
and I would ponr light upon them. I take it
my associates on this side of the Chamber do
so. I did not know I was baptized to the call-
ing of a schoolmaster ; I thought I was a Sen-
ator ; indeed, I have been suffering under the
delusion that I was something in lieu of a states-
man, if not a statesman.
Now, Mr. President, I do not think that is
really the purpose for which this privilege of
franking documents was confided to us. I do
not think that is the end to which it is judi-
ciously used. I admit this information ought
not to be kept from the public ; I admit they
ought to know what we are about; but I assert
they can be made to know it without having
this labor imposed upon us, or this privilege
of franking documents accorded to us.
Mr. President, my colleague stated last
night, I think, that more than fifty thousand
dollars were paid here for speeches annually
to be distributed to this great constituency.
That is a large sum. It speaks well for the
liberality, patriotism, and fidelity, if I may be
allowed to use the word, of those who repre-
sent that constituency in the Congress of the
United States. But in all the States where
this constituency is found they have newspa-
pers, and those newspapers would be glad to
publish the speeches, and I do not hesitate to
declare that a great deal less money than that
which is paid in the city of Washington ior
speeches, if paid to the local press, would
induce them to spread those same speeches
before a vastly larger constituency than they
reach now through the public mails and with
our franks.
My colleague will allow me to refer to one
fact stated by him last night. I do it not for
thepurpose of controverting, but of illustrating.
He spoke of the expense to which he subjected
himself in order to send Globes to six thousand
of his constituents 011 a single occasion. It
was a most laudable enterprise ; but I do not
hesitate to say that the money which he spent
in that enterprise, if distributed to the local
press of ^ isconsin, wouldhave laid that speech
before three times six thousand of his con-
stituents.
Sir, we do publish here many very valuable
documents that the public ought to have the
benefit of—the executive reports, the debates
ot these two Houses, the reports which come
from your agricultural bureau, from your me-
chanical bureau, the reports which come from
the Smithsonian Institution, a large portion of
the reports which come from the committees
of the two Houses. They are important to the
information of the country ; the country should
have them within reach; but the country does
