1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
very much that in the passage of the recon-
struction measures the Senate did not have
shed upon it the light of the Senator from Mis-
souri. so that those laws might have been made
perfect at the start, so that there should have
been no occasion for amendment afterward. It
is unfortunate that most of the members of the
Senate are mortal, as I frankly confess myself
to be, and subject to err every day in my life;
and in what little I had to do with framing the
various reconstruction acts of Congress I am
well aware that with the best ability I could
bring to the task I was at last only able to pre-
sent a defective law and one that afterward did
need amendment. If the Senator from Mis-
souri had been here at that time, a member of
this body as he is now, and shedding the light
of his knowledge through the Chamber, there
would, of course, never have been any occasion
for any amendment of the reconstruction laws;
they would have been perfect at their start, and
that grip of his would have been put into them
from which there could have been no escape.
Now, Mr. President, for myself I have no
disposition to put a grip upon any one. I desire
to legislate liberally toward the States. Had
we known, as we have been informed to-day
by the Senator from Missouri—had our recollec-
tions been perfect as our knowledge should
have been, so that we could have remembered,
as the Senator from Missouri does—that eight
years ago Virginia went into the rebellion and
her Senators left this Chamber, facts unknown
to most of us but brought out here to-day;
had we recollected these things, and kept
them in view, no doubt we should have been
able to put those grips into the law.
But the Senator from Missouri tells us that
he wants to put this in now, and that putting
it upon Virginia is very different from what it
would be to put it upon any other State, because
Virginia has been in rebellion. Well, we are
proposing to restore Virginia in our imperfect
way to her practical relations with the Union ;
and when that is done we supposed, in our
imperfections, that she would be a State in the
Union like any other State. I know of no
authority under the Constitution—-because lam
not able to discern as far as some Senators—
for unequal States. I supposed that when the
State of Virginia becomes a State of this Union
with all her practical relations restored, like
the State of South Carolina or of Alabama
to-day, she will stand hero as a State with all
the rights of a State as perfectly even as the
State of Missouri. I suppose the rights of the
State of Alabama in this body and in this
Union are equal to the rightsof the State of
Missouri, or the State oflllinois, or any other
State; and I suppose the rights of the State
of Virginia will be the same when she shall
have been, like Alabama, restored,to her rela-
tions with the Union.
And then, I suppose, if you can put such a
provision as this upon this bill that will have
any force whatever in regard to Virginia you
can put such a provision upon a bill that will
liave force in regard to Missouri, or Illinois, or
any other State. Therefore, with my imperfect
knowledge, I took the liberty of saying that
I thought such a provision would be utterly
useless. It is unnecessary to put such a pro-
vision uponVirginia now before she is restored ;
for the Senator knows if he has taken the
trouble, and ho seems to have taken that
trouble, to obsei-ve my course in this body that
I have maintained from the beginning that the
authority of Congress over the States which
■went into rebellion against the Government and
were subdued by force of arms was paramount;
that we had authority under the Constitution
and under the power to make war to put down
the rebellion and control the people of those
States until Stale governments could be formed
in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States and they could be restored to
their former positions in the Union.
4"1st Conu. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
Now, sir, I do not wish to take up time by
discussing this provision, which, it seems to
me, if it is adopted is a confession on the part
of the Senate that a State may rescind its rati-
fication of a constitutional amendment'; a con-
fession that I am not willing to make, although
the Senator from Missouri tells us that a large
party in the country advocate that doctrine.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I believfe
that Virginia is entitled to be admitted; that
is to say, I believe that she has substantially
complied with the conditions which we pre-
scribed for her admission. But, sir, the adop-
tion of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri will not retard her admission
for a single day. It does not propose to dis-
turb the organization of her Legislature, but
would be a simple precaution against a possi-
ble act of treachery. I do not believe myself
that if we were to admit Virginia her Legisla-
ture, after Senators were seated here and Rep-
resentatives in the other House, would rescind
the ratification of the fifteenth amendment. I
did not think that Georgia, after we passed the
bill of July, 1868, believing that she then had
the game in her own hands, would turn around
and commit an act of treachery by turning out
the colored mtn ; but I was deceived in regard
to Georgia. After she supposed her admission
complete and that the matter had gotten be-
yond the control of Congress she did commit
that act of treachery and turn out the colored
men.
It is possible that Virginia after her admis-
sion, and after her Senators have been sworn in
and taken their seats upon this floor, supposing
the matter has passed beyond the control of
Congress, may commit an act of treachery and
rescind the ratification of the fifteenth amend-"
ment before the 1st of March, or before enough
States have ratified it to make it a part of the
fundamental law ; therefore, to guard against
a possible act of treachery, which, however, I
do not now believe would be committed, but
which is possible, I am in favor of the adoption
of this amendment. We have a right to protect
ourselves in the future by looking at the history
of the past, and we have a right, without dis-
honoring Virginia, to guard against any possible
action there in the future by a simple reference
to her sister State, Georgia, lying almost by
her side.
Now, Mr. President, do we confess by the
adoption of this amendment that a State has a
right to rescind the ratification of an amend-
ment to the Constitution at any time before
its final ratification by three fourths of the
States? We make no confession of that kind.
We have a right to guard against an act of that
kind, without making such a confession. Sir,
the ratification of the fifteenth amendment is
one of the conditions of the reconstruction of
Virginia. We have a right to require it in
advance, and to protect ourselves against its
rescission up to the time that the fifteenth
amendment becomes a part of the law of the
land. It is one of the conditions of reconstruc-
tion, and, for one, I do not intend to be cheated
out of it. TheStateofNewYorkbasrescinded
her ratification. I do not believe that she has a
right to rescind. But, sir, I do not care about
having the fifteenth amendment hang upon a
question of that kind. I would rather that the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment should
be so clear and so perfect that no question of
that sort will remain to be talked about by its
enemies. Sir, we shall have enough States
without counting New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question right
tbere2
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this amendment is
adopted which the Senator now advocates, and
Virginia should next month recall her ratifica-
tion of the fifteenth amendment, and Virginia
should then be put back territorially, would
he then insist that her ratification was good?
Mr. MORTON. If Virginia should rescind,
in violation of this amendmfent, and be pat
back to her present condition we will-hold her
there until she does ratify the fifteenth Amend-
ment again, or until she consents to abide by
her faith.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not my ques-
tion. My question was, where, then, would be
the fifteenth amendment? Do you not there-
by admit that her ratification of the amend-
ment is gone if you put her back in that way?
That is my point.
Mr. MORTON. I think not. I make no
admission of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why hold heruntil
she ratifies again ?
Mr. MORTON. We simply hold the State
as security ; that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator to say that he would hold her for
security for that which he has got? Will he
keep the money and demand security too ?
Mr. MORTON. We expect, Mr. President,
to have the vote of Virginia for the fifteenth
amendment, independent of any attempted
breach of faith of that kind, and we give Vir-
ginia to understand by this amendment that if
she shall attempt to play a trick upon us in
that way she will lose her representation upon
this floor. As to what may be the mere legal
consequences following from that it is unneces-
sary now to discuss; but we say to her that if
she attempts to play a trick of that kind upon
us she is liable to lose her representation in
Congress and to be remanded back to her pres-
ent position. If we shall adopt this amend-
ment, then Virginia will never do anything of
the kind ; wo have perfect security that she
will not. She does not desire to lose her repre-
sentation in Congress after having once secured
it, and it would be security—and that is the
way I use the word—against such an act of-
treachery as was performed by the State of
Georgia.
One word further and I am done. The Sen-
ator from Illinois talks about Virginia when
once restored as being upon the same footing
as the other States. In one sense that will be
true, but perhaps in another it will not be true.
I believe that if we have a right to reconstruct
a State government that has been destroyed by
rebellion we have a right to protect it after it
has been reconstructed; that the right to recon-
struct implies the right to protect the recon-
structed State. If atter a State government
has been reconstructed it has a right to knock
it down and we have no right to interfere to
prevent it being knocked down, but simply the
right to set it up again, then our power is im-
perfect; butif wehavethe power to reconstruct
a State, to reestablish a State government after
it has been once destroyed by a rebellion, then
have we not the power to protect that new gov-
ernment, to continue it as a republican govern-
ment, topreventit being knocked down without
requiring us to wait until it is knocked down,
and after that to set it up again? I should like
to hear the Senator from Illinois on that subject.
Sir, the power to do what we have done
implies the power to protect what we have
done; and I should hold that doctrine in the
case of the State of Tennessee. If she goes
far enough to clearly violate the terms of her
reconstruction, to deny security of life and
property to thosewho have been enfranchised,
and to clearly violate those conditions which
we have prescribed as those of a republican
form of government, we shall have a right to
interfere. It would be folly to say that we
have the power to set up new State govern-
ments, but have no power to protect them after
we have done so; that the people there
have the right to knock them down and then
we must come in and do our work de novo.
want these States to understand that when
they have been reconstructed and readmitte
they are not then beyond our power; that tiiey
are not at liberty to do over what they have
done, or to impair the security they have given
to us, but that we shall "require m the future,
