1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5441;
of the House, it is not competent for the House
to act on the same except by recalling it or
by the committee reporting it; which point of
order the Chair sustains. The resolution is
not before the House.
WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE COMPANY.
Mr. KNA.PP submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question :
Whereas it is currently reported that the stock of
the Washington Market-House Company has been
corruptly and illegally distributed; that the corpor-
ation named in said bill have sold out the charter,
receiving therefor nearly one half the capital stock,
namely, $490,000; that said amount of stock is borne
on the books of said company as having been sub-
scribed for by certain parties "whose names appear
thereon ashaving ten per cent.paid for in cash* when
not a dollar was ever paid by them or either of them;
and that the whole management of the incorporators
has been illegal, corrupt, and detrimental to the in-
terests of the people of the city of Washington, and
subversive of honorable and fair dealing: There-
fore,
Ec.it rexnlved, That the Committee on Appropri-
ations be instructed to investigate the action of said
corporators, and others connected in anywise with
the management of the affairs of said Market-House
Company, with the view of ascertaining, first, whether
the requirements of the charter of said company have
been complied with; second, whether the capital
stock of said company was disposed of legally and
properly, and the first installment of ten percent, was
paid by the subscribers therefor; whether the charter
of said company has been sold, and if so by whom,
and for what consideration; and generally to investi-
gate all the facts and circumstances attending the
procurement of the charter and the actionof the cor-
porators and others connected with the subscription
and the distribution of the stock of said company.
l&xolved., That said committee have power to send
for peisons and papers, and to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, and that they be instructed to
report to this House at the earliest practicable day
the tacts in the case, and to recommend such action
as they may deem wise and proper.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KNAPP moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
Mr. FERRISS submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the fourteenth and fifteenth articles
of amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, having been duly ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States, are valid to
all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution
of the United States, and as such binding and oblig-
atory upon the Executive, the Congress, the judi-
ciary, the several States and Territories, and all
citizens of the United States.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. FEIUUS5. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 32, not voting
go; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axteli, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barry.Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
jjlair, Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buckley (Bui-
fintou. Buxchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Rod-
erick iv. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amnsa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode,
Cowles, Oullom, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Degener,
Dickey. Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Parnsworth,
Ferriss, Einkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Gilfillan, Harris,
Hawlev, Hay, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersolf,
Jenckes, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapt>, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Mavnard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
MeKenzie, Mercur, Milnes, J esse H.Moore, William
Moore, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley,
0 'Neill, Orth, Packard. Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Roots. Sanford,
Sargent. Sawyer, Sclienck, Scofieid, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, JWn-
vend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
wml. Cauwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wolker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Yril-
Urd. Williams, John T. Wilson, and WHchcr—13S.
iN AYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Beck, Biegs, Bird,
Burr, Dickinson, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Hawkins,
Holraan, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Ivnott, Lewis,
jtfayham, McXcely, Mungen, Niblack, Potter,
4 1st Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 341.
Reeves, Eiee, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Swann,
Sweeney .Trimble, Van Trump, Voorhees, Winches-
ter, and Woodward—32.
NOT "VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Beam&n, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Dockery, Box. Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Garfield, Gib-
son, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hamilton, Hays, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Alexander _ H.
Jones, Julian, Kerr, Lynch, Marshall, McCorrnick,
Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Newsham, Peree, Pomeroy, Prosser, Randall,
Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Slo-
cum, Stevenson. Stone, Strador, Van Aukcn, Wal-
lace, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, and
Wood—60.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FERRISS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the resolution just passed by the
House, which undertakes to limit the decision and
action of the judiciary in reference to the construc-
tion and validity of the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments of the Constitution, is foreign to our
duty as legislators and mischievous in its tendency
and effect.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New York has introduced
one resolution already under this call, and
under the rule he cannot move another one.
Mr. COX. The resolution I introduced
before was after the roll-call had been gone
through with.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman intro-
duced any under the present roll-call?
Mr. COX. I am not aware of any.
Mr. ALLISON. This is not an important
resolution.
Mr. COX. Yes; it is a most important res-
olution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move it be laid on the
table.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question: and there were—
ayes 35, noes 82.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The previous question not
having been seconded, and debate arising, the
resolution under the rule goes over.
Mr. COX. That resolution is the expression
of the opinion of this side of the House.
message from tub senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Gorhaji, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (II. R.
No. 2082) making appropriations for the sup-
ply of the Army for the year ending June 80,
1871, andforotherpurposes, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 2209) to
carry into effeet a decree of the circuit court
of the United States for the southern district
of New York in the ease of the schooner L. S.
Davis and her cargo, with amendments, in
which concurrence of the House was requested.
The message announced, in conclusion, that
the Senate had passed a bill_(S. No. 969) to
relieve certain persons therein named from
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, and
for other purposes, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No.
2082) making appropriations for the supply
of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, and that they be
referred to the Committee oa Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
naturalization.
Mr. DAYIS. I mo.ve to. suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up and concurring in
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 2201) to amend the naturalization laws
and to punish crimesagainst the same.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to know whether my
colleague introduces this proposition under the
call of the State of New York ?
The.SPEAKER. He does it under the right
to suspend the rules.
Mr. WOOD. But the call of New York has
not yet been exhausted.
The SPEAKER. He doesitunder the sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. WOOD. Will that cut off the right of
New York?
The SPEAKER. It will if two thirds say so.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 132, nays 53, not voting
45 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Allison, Ambler, Ames,Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood. Ayer, Bailey, Banks,Beattv, Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Buck. Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butlqr, Cake,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Cullom,
Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley,
Duval. Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton,
Harris. Hawley, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, MeKenzie, Mercur,
Jesse H. Moore, AVilliam Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Palmer. Peck, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schcnek, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shel-
, don, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthing-
• ton C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,Townsend, Twichell,Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Witcher—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum, Beck, Bennett,
Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Fox, Got7., Griswold,
Haight, Hay, Holnaan, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McConnick,
McNeely, Milnes, Morgan, Mungen, Niblacl:, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Rice. Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnc!l,
Barry, Beaman, Bowen, Cessna, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Eldridge,
Gibson, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hays, Hoge. Hotchkiss. Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Lynch, McCrary, McKee, Eliakim
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Newsham,
Perce, Pomeroy, Ridgway, Sanford, Scofieid. Sho-
ber, Strader, Strong, Voorhees, Wallace, Wells,
and Winans—45.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
During the roll-cal!,
Mr. CONGER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Beamax, was absent on account of sickness in
his family. If present he would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
tax and taiue1? bill.
The SPEAKER announced that he^ had
appointed as conferees on the part of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, Mr. Schexok of
Ohio, Mr. Kblley of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Brooks of New York.
business of committee of elections.
Mr. PAINE. The contested-election case
of Ziegler vs. Rice, from Kentucky, comes up
this morning as unfinished business. It is in
charge of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bother,] who yields the floor to me to make
a statement in regard to other business of the
committee for the information of the House.
The pending case, that of Ziegler vs. Rice, from
Kentucky, will consume an hour and ten min-
utes. There is only one other case that will
consume any time during the present session,
