1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1665
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. t
Theamenduient was rejected; there being on
a division—ayes 15, noes 28.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiiursday, March 8, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BARK LIVH OAKK AMD SHIP AURA.
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON. by unan-
imous consent, thfeHouse took from the Speak-
er's table Senate joint resolution No. 98, to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
an American register to the bark Live Oake
and to the ship Agra of Boston; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
settlers on sioux reservation.
Mr.WILSON, of Minnesota. Imovetotako
up Senate joint resolution No. 109, in relation
to settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in theState of Minnesota. It proposes to amend
the act of Congress approved March 6, 1868,
entitled "An act for the relief of settlers on
the late Sioux Indian reservation in the State
of Minnesota," so as to allow the settlers
therein provided for until the 1st day of March,
1871, in which to make proof and payment for
their claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to the
joint resolution being taken up if it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. We have had
the same joint resolution under consideration
in the Committee on the Public Lands, and I
have been unanimously authorized to report
in its favor. It has been recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
I ask that his letter be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Intbbiok,
General Land Office.
January 26,1870.
Sib : Referring to your personal interview of this
morning, 1 hare the honor to incloee you herewith
copy of a draft of a joint resolution, prepared in
accordance with a prior request from Hon. Alexan-
deb Ramsey, for the relief of certain settlers on the
late Sioax Indian reservation in Minnesota, which
extends the time until March 1, 1871, for making
proof and payment, and thus gives them an exten-
sion of time for one year. I have to recommend the
passage of said resolution.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
jos. s. wilson, Commissioner.
Hon. M. S. wilkinson, House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope there
will be no objection to taking the joint resolu-
tion up for action at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall object to taking
this up unless the proposition I made, that the
joint resolution bo referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, is accepted by the gentle-
man from Minnesota.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It has already
been before the Committee on the Public
Lands.  
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on my objection.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
explained the facts of the case to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and lie
now finds that he made his objection.under a
misunderstanding of the case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not understand that
the exigencies of the case were such as I have
now learned them to be. I therefore with-
draw the objection.
The joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table, received its several readings,
and waspassed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 105.
was passed ;■ and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brig ocean belle.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table for reference the
Senate bill (S. No. 466) for the relief of the
owners of the brig Ocean Belle.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
s. b. bissell.
Mr. SCOFIELD, I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table for reference
the Senate joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for
the relief of S. B. Bissell.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken frotn the Speaker's table, read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution of the Newark Board
of Trade against the renewal of the income tax
law; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means..
change 0? name.
Mr. HAMBLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1403) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of a certain vessel; which was read a
first and second'tlme, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
elizabeth carson.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to j
take from the Speaker's table for reference I
the Senate bill (S. No. 449) for the relief of j
Elizabeth Carson.
Mr. HOLMAN. After this reference I shall
object to any more business being taken from
the Speaker's table.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
lydia e. carhart.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Patents, presented a
report on the petition of Lydia E. Carhart,
administratrix, for relief} and moved that the
report be printed and recommitted to the same
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
manufactures of brick.
Mi% GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Remlved. That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to inquire as to the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue laws as to plaoe the
manufactures of brick upon the free list.
quarrying blub stone.
Mr. GRISWOLD also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he directed to inquire as to the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue laws as to exempt
*om revenue tax persons engaged in quarrying blue
stone.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
various votes of reference taken this morn-
ing ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distillation of brandy.
Mr. HEATON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to inquire whether it is not compatible
with the public interest to cause ftdecided reduction
in the rate of taxation upon the distillation of brandy
exclusively from grapes, peaohes, and apples, and
report by bill or otherwise.
little bock and fort smith railroad.
Mr. WINANS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 1069) to amend an act
entitled "An act to extend the time for the Lit-
tle Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company to
complete the first section of twenty miles of
said road," approved April 10, 1869, and
moved that it be printed and recommitted to
the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
the piegan massacre.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Searetary of the Interior be,
and ho hereby is, directed to furnish this House
with copies of alt papers on file in his Department
which relate to the late Piegan massaoro in the Ter-
ritory ot Montana.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to know
what tribe he belongs to. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I object because the
gentleman assumes there has been a massacre.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I insist that I
have a right to assume that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I have a right to
object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well.
st. james and little rock railroad.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order brings
on the morning hour, the pending business
being the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
265) reported by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingeksoll] from the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals, granting lands and the right
of way to the St. James and Little Rock Rail-
road Company.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment I offered yesterday has been
adopted?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The amend-
ment adopted yesterday was the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Williams] in relation to the power of Con-
gress to control the rates of passenger fare and
freight. The amendment of the gentleman
•from Indiana [Mr. Julian] was not voted on
yesterday, and is now pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will accept it.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of
the gentleman to accept it. The Clerk will
read the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to section two the following:
Provided, That the lands hereby granted shall bo
gold to actual settlers only in quantities not greater
than oae hundred and sixty acres to one purchaser,
and for a price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian} to offer a
further amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I offer the following addi-
tional proviso;
Provided further. That shoulfauylands be sold in
violation of said condition* the sale shall be void
and the lands shall revert to the United States and
at once be subject to homestead entry and settle-
ment.
Mr. TAFFE. I suggest to the gentleman
from Iadiana.that be insert the words "and
preemption" after "homestead."
Mr. JULIAN. I will modify it by inserting
those words.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I am willing to accept
that amendment so far as I am concerned.
The amendment, as modified* was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Roots} to offer an
amendment. .
Mr. ROOTS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And  e it further ptaeidtd, That the Mid company
shall complete twenty miles ot their railroad within
two years after the acceptance of this grant, and torty
miles each year thereafter until the said railroad is
completed, and a failure to do so shall annul all
rights, privileges, and immunities granted by this
act.
Mr. Speaker, because I was not permitted
