1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3553
be if tbe proviso should not be adopted; and
that is all I desire to state. If the proviso
should be adopted, and the statutory pay of the
Navy should remain without addition, it would
be as follows: the Admiral would receive,
when at sea, $10,000; with the thirty-three and
a third per cent, added it would be $13,333;
the Vice Admiral would receive $7,000; with
the thirty-three and a third per cent, it
would be $9,333; the rear admirals would
receive $5,000 without it, with it $6,666 ; the
commodores would receive without it $4,000,
with it $5,333; the captains would receive
without it $3,500, with it $4,666; the com-
manders would receive without it $2,800, with
it $3,733; the lieutenant commanders would
receive without it $2,343, with it $3,124 ; the
lieutenants would receive without it $1,875,
with it $2,500; the masters would receive with-
out it $1,500, with it $2,000; the ensigns would
receive without it $1,200, with it$l,600. That
is the sea pay and the statute pay as put down
in the Naval Register, which is what I have
read from.
Mr. WELKER. Which proviso does the
gentleman speak of?
Mr. DAWES. The proviso of the gentle- j
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.] If j
the proviso of the gentleman from New Hamp- j
shire [Mr. Stevens] is added to that, then a !
master will receive greater pay than A com- j
modore.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; the gentleman
cannot show that.
Mr. DAWES. A captain will receive greater
pay than a commodore. I submit that a fixed
salary is what we ought to adopt. If the com-
pensation which I have read here, beginning
with $10,000 and ending with $1,600 for the
lowest officer, is not enough, then let ns fix it
at some particular limit above that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. The pay which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] refers
to is the sea pay. A majority, perhaps, of
the officers of the Navy are on shore duty or
waiting orders, and their pay is very much
less. But, sir, they were not waiting orders
during the war. And they would not be wait-
ing orders to-morrow or a month hence if the
exigencies of the country required their ser-
vices. The pay of Navy officers ought to be
at least enough to enable them to live and to
let their families live with something of gen-
eral propriety, and their pay is not more than
that now. These men, perhaps educated by
the country, are not generally men of fortune.
The nation has no right to doom them to celib-
acy, or, if they have families, to doom their
families to poverty.
The pay of naval officers as adjusted by the
late Secretary of the Navy, under the order
which has been so much commented upon
here, was not a personal act of his. I was at
that time a member of the Naval Committee of
this House. I know that the members of the
Naval Committees of both Houses of Congress
were fully consulted by the Secretary of the
Navy, and that the action of Congress was then
invited upon the question. And each year then
and thereafter Con gress has approved that order
by making appropriations consistent therewith.
Now, if Congress is to reduce the pay of the
officers of the Navy, let it be done fairly and
squarely. Say openly that men who are liable
to be upon the ocean, two or three years at^ a
time, who are called upon to represent its
dignity at home and abroad, and its hospitality
abroad, and to maintain their families at home,
shall not have pay commensurate with the pay
of officers of the Army.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to interrupt the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
long enough to say that I do not think the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. DAWEs] were quite ingenuous, when he
undertook to apply my amendment to commo-
dores, rear admirals, vice admirals, and the
Admiral of the Navy, for they are specially
41st Congk 2d Sess.—No. 223.
excepted from the operation of my amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I am glad the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] has pressed
these facto upon the attention of the Commit-
tee of the Whole. This is to pay the increase
of salaries to the subordinate officers of the
Navy, the young men, the poorer men of the
service.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment I will renew it.
Mr. DAWES. It is the amendment of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] He has the control of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
say this for my friend from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Stevens,] 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] renew the
amendment to the amendment ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to apply it to commodores, for the purpose of
saying 
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
1 f:,
Mr. STEVENS. I want to inquire what
amendment is pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is what the Chair
is endeavoring to find out.
Mr. HALE. I understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment, and I propose to
renew it.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment to the
amendment is in the control of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens.] He
can withdraw it.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I prefer not to withdraw i t.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment, and upon the amendment to the amend-
ment, has been exhausted.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Stevens, to add to the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin,
the following
Provided further. That the payment pf the tlnrty-
threeand one third per cent, additional provided for
and ordered in and by the (jeneral erfler-ef the Sftc-
retary ef the Navy, dated May 28,1866, shall be «on-
tinued and paid out of this appropriation to all offi-
cers of the Navy below the grade of commodore.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 32, noes 49; no quorum
voting.
Mr. STILES. I naove that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rase; and Mr.
Cessna having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Eldridoe reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the etate of the
Union, according to order of the House, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, House bill
No. 1533, making appropriations for the naval
service for tho fiscal year ending 30th June,
1871, Mid had cone to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Tbe motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
Court of the United States, for reasons set
forth under oath.
Also, the petition of the same party, praying
the impeachment and removal from office of
Ogden Hoffman, judge of the district court of
the United States for the district of California,
and preferring charges under oath.
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of S. G. Fer-
guson and others, for the passage of an act
releasing V. S. Hay, late quartermaster of the
eleventh regiment of Kentucky volunteers,
from the payment of all quartermaster and
commissary charges against him.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of
Mitchell W. McCoon, of Sevier county, Ten-
nessee, praying the removal of his political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Caroline McGhee,
widow of Lemuel McGhee, company F second
regiment Tennessee infantry volunteers, pray-
ing for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Avery M. Beck, of
Tennessee, praying for the emolument of her
late husband.
By Mr. PAINE: A petition of Cigar Makers'
Union No. 25, of Milwaukee, for modification
of tax on cigars.
By Air. PORTER: The petition of J. Thomp-
son, jr., of Goochland county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
PETITIONS.
The following petiticras were presetted under
the rule, wkd referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the American Cable Company for
aid in laying a cable to Europe via the Azores
Islands.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of W. Has-
tings, of California, praying the impeachment
and removal from orace of Stephen J. Field,
one of the associate justices of the Supreme
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 18, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
Approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1890) to remove legal
and political disabilities from Isaac H. Chris-
tian was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If it is in order to do so,
i I move that that bill he put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by Unanimous consent.
Mr, JOHNSTON. Then I ask unanimous
consent to put it on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill removing
j disabilities from Isaac H. Christian.
; Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not like that way
11 of doing business.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill ought to be referred.
I must insist on its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
; Massachusetts insists on the reference of the
; bill, and it will be referred to the select Com-
| mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
! petitions and memorials.
i Mr. CONKLING. I present the proceed-
j ings of a public meeting recently held in the
' city of New York. It was a large assemblage,
comprising some of the wisest and most far-
seeing men of that great city, as well as some
of the most patriotic; and the meeting pro-
nounced in strong language and with entire
unanimity in favor of any measure or oppor-
tunity which may arise for the acquisition of
the bay of Samana and the territory of 8an
Domingo. Inasmuch as I know of ho legis-
lative business pending before any committee
of this body which would render it appropriate
for these proceedings to go there, I ask simply
that they lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will lie on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor ol an
appropriation for: the completion of the water
route from the Mississippi to Lake Michigan,
by way of tbe Wisconsin and Fox rivers ? which
were referred to tin Committee on Coowierce.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
CharleaColburn, praying payment of a balance
