1870.
TffiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
revived and brought into play again in this
case.
Why, sir, it is paraded in one of the journals
this morning, for the benefit of Senators, that
the President of the United States has so com-
pletely gone into this great discussion which is
oil the streets and in the market-houses of this
city that he has rendered himself entirely worthy
of the commendation of certain delegates from
Georgia, and henee it is written down in the
resolutions which are printed that they'1 thank
him for his sympathy and the exercise of his
influence in opposition to the Bingham amend-
ment;" just as if you and I, sir, would believe
that the President of the United States was
busy working side by side with them against
us in this Senate who differ for the purpose of
overthrowing the Bingham amendment. The
design of this publication is to let you and me
understand that, as is the idea of these people,
no doubt, our master iti the White House, who
lipids political power before us, is oil their side
of the question. They insult the dignity of all
the representatives of the people here by such
clap-trap as that; they insult a President of
the United States'who takes no improper part
in these discussions whatever, a man who
stands by and exercises his constitutional pre-
rogative, and then enforces the laws of this
country whether he approbates them or not.
But, sir, that is not the half of it. These
people are organized into a general admiration
society, and they become the reporters and the
keepers of the fair fame of Senators and mem-
bers of the other House who work for them,
and they use the telegraph and they use the
newspaper press of the country for the purpose
of adding to the eminence of those colossal
men who espouse their cause in the Senate and
in the House of Representatives. All that they
can make by such a process as this tliey can
garner up and keep. I am not responsible to
them, I go to a constituency of men who are
honest and competent to judge.
But wo are told, and with doleful wailings,
that if we do not come to the rescue and per-
petuate by law these officers in the State of
Georgia We shall hand over the colored men
to what some gentlemen term the woes of a
second death. I do not apprehend that there
is any danger of that calamity coming upon
them. They tell us that the people of Georgia
do not intend that there shall be a fair elec-
tion in the year 1870. Why they confine it to
the year 1070 I do not understand, except it
iie that that is the time when the first election
is to take place for members of the Legislature.
Now, sir, mark this: at the time when there
v.-ere expelled from the Legislature of Georgia
twenty-live colored members the deed was done
without any precedent; it was done without
any consultation from abroad ; it was done on
account of the stubborn, arbitrary will of the
then majority. What kind of enlightenment
have they received from that hour up to the
present time? Why, sir, the supreme court
of the State of Georgia has decided that that
action was illegal. Therefore, in the future if
they undertake to tamper with the right to
exercise the elective franchise in the State of
Georgia they do it in the face of the supreme
court of Georgia.
What else have they? They have learned
a little of the spirit of the American people.
Since then that people have been'adopting the
fifteenth amendment, which guaranties the right
to vote irrevocably everywhere, and pledges
the military power of this nation, if neeessary,
to carry out the amendment of the Constitu-
tion. That is a second item which has been
brought forcibly to their knowledge-
There is another item, and that is the spirit
of Congress. They have ascertained by our
legislation of the 2'2d day of December last that
we believe there is power enough in the Con-
stitution to protect'the colored men of the State
of Geoigia, and that we intend that they shall
be protected. There they have a third item
of intelligence on the subject of expelling eol-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 1G4.
ored members from their Legislature. Then
they also have evidence of the fact, under the
recent military rule in that State, that the Army
of the United States can absolutely be .cm-
ployed to enforce the laws of the United States.
But, back of all that, they have a little more
information still. It was boasted in tl^is coun-
try when General Grant was noitiinated for the
Presidency that' the probability was that he
would be a conservative President, and.thathe
would not enforce the Radical legislation of a
Radical Congress. These gentlemen in Geor-
gia were trying to lay that flattering unction to
their souls when they were preparing for their
cattipaignofruthlessness; but they have learned
that the President of the United States will
enforce Radical legislation, and there is no hope
from that source. Therefore they are cut off
from sympathy and sustaining influence every-
where, and there is no inducement as politi-
cians now for them for one single moment to
undertake to interfere again with the legitimate'
legislation of the State of Georgia. Hence you
cannot terrify any man who has canvassed this
subject with any such dread apprehensions as
these.
But, Mr. President, policy has dictated to
them that this wholeprocedure shallbe changed.
It happens that the Washington City Chron-
icle a day or two since published a statement,
whereby it is affirmed that the Governor of
Maryland returned a hill to the Legislature of
that State, which does not boast a single Re-
publican member, and that he returned it
because it " prescribed that in the election of
town commissioners only while citizens should
vote. Cause : that said legislation was in eon-
flietwiththe fifteenth amendment, and (though
this was not proclaimed) the Democracy can-
not hold Maryland against the harmonious
colored and white Republicans. At the elec-
tion for'town commissioners at Towsontown
and Frostburg on the 4th the Republicans
were victorious, and the colored men_regis-
tered and voted without any interruption ; "
and then the editor calls our attention to the
fact that " the Democratic attorney general
of New Jersey, Robert Gilchrist," has decided
that—
"The fifteenth amendment makes void so much of
our State constitution as on account of color denies
the right of any citizen of the United States to
vote."
The article proceeds with action after action
of distinguished Democrats all over the North
everywhere, in order to satisfy us that the time
for indignation and threats and interference
has passed by and that hereafter the colored
man is to have the privilege of voting without
let or hinderance. It refers us to the position
taken by ex-United SUtes Senator Thomas A.
Hendricks, of Indian!*, recently when in the
South. It refers, also, to the voting in the
city of Cincinnati, and then it says:
'' There are, indeed, no serious exceptions to tho
rule. The revolution is complete. The colored man
rio longer votes in a section under the protection of
tjje bayonet. Ho is sovereign in his own right all
around tho circle."
That is the testimony of the editor of the
Chronicle in regard to the state of things now
all over tho northern country. And in that
view of the case, I say that policy in the South
will dictate a course of justice hereafter rather
than a course of ruthlessness in regard to the
exercise of the franchise by the colored popu-
lation.
I apprehend, Mr. President, that I have said
about all upon this subject that it is necessary
for me to say. I desired only to set the ques-
tion in such a light that it should be understood
what was the process by Which the people of
Georgia arrived at a recognition of their right
to representation in the Congress of the United
States. If that did exist at any time it was
never interfered with in" the least except by the
action of their own Legislature. That Legis-
lature expelled members without cause. The
Congress of the United States sent an army
into Georgia, and that Legislature was restored
again. Then if the Legislature is restored; and
if it stands as it did the very, day before the
members elected were expelled, Georgia is just
in the same condition now that she Was at the
time Of the expulsion, and so far as she is Con-
cerned she is ill the possession of a Legislature,
and as fair a Legislature as though no obstruc-
tion whatever ha'd ever been thrown in'the way
of legislation in the State. ,So far as that Legis-
lature and its action are concerned the Gov-
ernor of the State of Georgia, 'on the 10th of
Fcbrtlary, 1870, says:
" It is therefore, I think, apparent, from the uni-
form action of the courts and of tho United States
authorities, that tho laws of tho Legislature of 1868
and 181®, and its acts which wero not of a political
character, aro perfectly valid, notwithstanding tho •
United States, by tho act of -December 22,1869, has,
in effect, declared tliat 'no legal State government
existed in this Stato' at that time; and that the
imprcssioh which is sought to foe created that eon-
tracts aro invalidated, that Stato bonds aro repu-
diated, and that corporations organized upon tho
basis of tho lato legislation aro without legal found-
ation, is entirely groundless. Such impression is
only crcatedfor the purpose of misleading the public
mind and defeating the full effect and true intentand
purpose of tho reconstruction, acts. Argument upon
this point seems to bo superfluous, added to the ma-
terial fact that our bonds nre salable at a higher
rato than thoaoof tiny other southern State, and that
tho bonds of railroads, which havo indorsed under
the authority of the legislation of H68, are selling at
their full value."
Now, Mr. President, while the officers of the
State of Georgia are hero asking us to a'How
them to perpetuate their offices on ac count of
tho calamities that hang around them, they
come here boastfully proclaiming that their
standing as a State is better than that of their
neighbors; that with this Legislature, mutilated
as it was, with this Legislature overpowered as
it, was, now that it is restored the State stands
with a credit entirely unimpaired, and that her
bonds aro better than the bonds of tho sur-
rounding States. Georgia, then, is iiot in a very
calamitous condition in regard to her material
interests.
I tell you, Mr. President, that if it was not
because of apolitical contest there, there would
bo no question here in reference to tho attitude
of the Stato of Georgia. Having compelled
her to do her duty, we would admit her with
the advice and the admonition that if ever
again a hand is raised against the' legally con-
stituted representatives of the people of the
State of Georgia, we shall send forth the power
of this Government for the purpose of demand-
ing and restoring to them their rights, and no
men in this Chamber will bo more prompt, to
vindicate the people of the State of Georgia
than those who this day stand lip and plead for
the Bingham amendment. 1 will do anything
that, I may do legitimately, but I will not per-
form an act toward Georgia which I would not
perform toward my own State.
In conclusion, 1 wish to suggest that if the
same thing had been done m the State of
Nebraska that is done in Georgia, I would be
found this day united with all men there, be
they Democrats or be they Republicans, in
resisting the erieroachment and in resisting the
tyranny. Why, sir, when Nebraska was ad-
mitted it was on the fundamental condition that
she should never interfere with the right of all
men of all colors and complexions to vote in
the State of Nebraska. Suppose the De'mo-
oratic'party, who opposed that measure at that
time, should get into power in the State of
Nebraska and expel colored members from
the State Legislature, I would demand of the
President of the United States that he slioald
send into that State power sufficient to enable
the Governor to recall and to reorganize that
Legislature thus in a state of revolution. And
after that was done, and after the troops were
withdrawn, if a Democratic Governor of Ne-
braska should say, "I now have been holding
under the constitution' of the State for two
years: but inasmuch as the Legislature was
obstructed for tf- time, although it is restored
now, I propose to hold two years more without
submitting my claims to a vote of the people,"
ori'F the members of the Legislature were to
