1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4497
not get them in any available shape through
the ase of this franking privilege.
Why, what is the practice? In one Con-
gress a certain individual represents a particii-
iar district, and he has his own limited number
of friends, and to them he sends, to one the
agricultural report, to another the Globe, and
so on. They have odd volumes. To tb&next
Congress comes another Representative, and
another set of recipients are found for these
same favors. Consequently you find nowhere
in any of your communities—you may travel
through one half the counties of your State,
sir; I think you may travel over nine counties
out of ten, and yon cannot find anywhere in
one of them a set, a series of the public docu-
ments ; and really there is but very little value
in having an odd volume. No man sits down
* and reads the Congressional Globe. I thank
God that the public taste is too highly educated
for any one to sit down and read the Congres-
sional Globe, or even the mechanical report,
as he reads a history of Motley's or a romance
of Dickens's. It cannot be done; but it is very
valuable to have these books collected at some
^central point and in series, so that when the
^investigator wants to ascertain a fact he can
" go and have the whole series to refer to.
Now, Mr. President, abolish this distribution
of documents to the members of Congress, abol-
ish this right to frank them; but make deposit-
ories in every town, if you please, in your coun-
try, wherever you can get security that they will
be carefully preserved ; make every post office
in your country, if you choose, a depository for
these documents, and then you can have sets
and series of them which will give light not to
the individual, which will give not any uncer-
tain, confused light, but will give clear, accu-
rate, brilliant light to the whole community
surrounding that depository. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, instead of stopping the diffusion of intel-
ligence by repealing the franking privilege you
would increase and quicken that diffusion very
much, it seems to mo.
But what shall come after this? I have in-
dicated how you can get your speeches and
how you may get your public documents for
your several constituencies; but what else is
there to this franking p-rivilege? It is said the
great value of it is in sending letters to and
from, sending letters to me and from me to
my constituents. Now, whenever I send any-
thing, I do not care what it is, a letter, a speech,
or a document, to another individual, it is either
a privilege to me or a privilege to him. It is
either a favor granted to the sender or a favor
granted to the recipient. If it is a favor granted
to me I am willing to waive it, and so ail my
distinguished friends about me say. They are
willing to waive this right, they are willing to
forego this favor, but they cannot bear to sacri-
fice the recipient. It is his interest for which
they plead.
Mr. President, what right has the recipient to
this favor? What right have my three thousand
friends, whose names are carefully registered
on my books, to these favors any more than
all the rest of my constituents? When a man
writes nie a letter he writes on his business or
on mine. If he writes on mine, can I not afford
to pay the postage on it? If he writes on his,
cati he not afford to pay the postage on his
letter, and should he not do it? Why should
that million of people be taxed to enablo one
man to send me a letter? It would not bo a
heavy taxation, I admit; but then the aggre-
gate of the letters sent does amount to consid-
erable. What reason can bo given for taxing
the whole for the benefit of the few?
It has been said that this Post Office Depart-
ment is like other Departments of the Govern-
ment; it is for the good of the public, and
therefore the public should support the Depart-
ment. It has been said that it is like the De-
partment of War, like the Navy Department,
like the Treasury. It has even been said in
the course of the debate that the duty by the
Constitution was imposed upon Congress, be-
: 41st Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 282.
cause they had reserved the right to establish
post offices and post roads, and to regulate the
carrying of the mails.
Mr. President, is aur right to festahlish post
offices" and regulate the carrying of the mails
any more clearly provided in the Constitution
than our right to regulate commerce ? No one
will stand up here and argue that because we
have a right to regulate cotftmeree, therefore
the Governmeotis bound to bring roe my coffee
and my sugar free of cost; that because we
establish a port at New York for the receipt of
these foreign commodities, therefore we are
bound to receive them free, and not only re-
ceive them free, but pay the transportation
upon them ? There was a great public neces-
sity for Congress to have the right to regulate
this matter, and that necessity was wisely pro-
vided for in the Constitution when to Congress
was reserved the right to regulate or provide
for the transportation of the mails,
Mr. CARPENTER. Willmycolleagueallow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. My colleague certainly
cannot fail to see the distinction between the
case which he supposes and the case on whieh
he is commenting. A power in Congress to
regulate commerce supposes commerce in
existence between parties engaged in com-
merce, and the Government merely regulates
their proceeding in that branch of business.
But a governmental power conferred upon the
Government to carry the mails is a very differ-
ent thing from the power to regulate the carry-
ing of mails by all persons who choose to
embark in it. Now, I concede, as I said last
evening, that if the Constitution were strictly
construed, if it were construed without refer-
ence to the anterior history and subsequent
practice, there would be great force in the
argument that the sole power of the Govern-
ment consisted in establishing post offices and
post roads, over whieh and to whieh any pri-
vate company or individual might engage in
carrying mail matter, aud upon suc'u rates
as they might affix themselves ; but the prac-
tice of the Government has fixed the con-
struction of the Constitution and made it to
be that the Government shall have power to
establish post offices and post roads and carry
the mails. They do not regulate the carrying
of the mails by every individual who chooses
to go into that business, as they do regulate
commerce by any person who chooses to
embark in commerce. There is, therefore,
all the difference in the world between regu-
lating a proceeding which is entirely in the
control of another person and performing a
duty which the Constitution as construed has
cast on the Government.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am not pre-
pared to say precisely how much weight should
be given to the criticism which my colleague
has just stated. Somehow or other it has hap-
pened that Congress does provide for carrying
the mails ; but it does not do any more than
legulate commerce, and I suppose my col-
league will concede, whatever the Constitution
may say about it, that its right to carry the
mails is just as well established as its right to
regulate commerce to-day. That right is no
more to he disputed ; but he says that the right
to regulate commerce presupposes the exist-
ence of commerce.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to suggest
the point more distinctly to my colleague. Ee
does not seem to apprehend my point. I take
it there is all the difference in the world be-
tween the power of Congress to declare and
prosecute war and a power to regulate the
carrying on of wars between third persons
other parties. One is a power to superintend
the business of others, of the people of the
country, in which the Government has no per-
sonal interest. The Government does not be-
come a common carrier, and eaunot properly,
under that provision of the Constituuon. It
may regulate commerce carried on among the
citizens of the Government either internally or
with foreign nations; bat it does itot embark
in commeree itself. Therefore the "Govern-
ment, in carrying the mails, is  6t regulating
commerce,,nor is it regulating m^il-carrying;
it is carrying tMe tnail, Instead of exercising
a superintending powgr over th$ business of
the community, its citizens ajid people, it is
doing, it is performing what it says is a gov-
ernmental duty."
Mr. HOWE. It is very true that Congress
does hire men to carry the mail; it does not
hire men to transport commeree. That is very
•true; but I suppose my colleague does not
deny that Congress may provide by law for
hiring men to import coffee and sugar and tea
and silk and wines.
Mr. CARPENTER. Lest my silence might
be construed into a concession of that, I desire
to enter my protest at this point against that
doctrine. I admit the power of Congress as
amply as my colleague can claim it to regulate
commerce, not to embark in commerce, either
directly or by its officials or agents.
Mr, HOWE. I was a little thoughtless in
submitting that proposition to my colleague.
He does not acquiesce in it so readily as I sup-
posed he would. After all, on reflection, I am
inclined to think that he will see that the right
to regulate commerce is absolutely without
limitation and without restriction, and that it
can put any regulations, any restrictions, any
conditions upon commerce that it pleases.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand my
colleague to claim that the power to regulate
commerce would authorize the General Gov-
ernment to monopolize commerce, to become
the sole importer of coffee, tea, sugar? Does
my colleague claim that that would be a regu-
lation of commerce? That would be embark-
ing in commerce, which the Constitution does
not empower the Government to do, and not
regulating transactions entirely within the Uni-
ted States and between its citizens.
Mr. HOWE. That would bear a strong re-
semblance to embarking in commerce. I do
not know why embarking in commerce is not-
regulating it to some extent, and regulating it
very severely if it embarks in it to the exclu-
sion of everybody else.
Mr. President, who shall be judge of the
regulations which Congress shall put, upon
commerce? If my colleague and myself were
the judges we should agree that that was not a
proper way to regulate it; but we do agree that
it is a proper way to regulate the carrying of
the mails by letting them by contract, do we
not?
Ml-. CARPENTER. I seem to be very
unfortunate in making my colleague under-
stand the distinction which I try to make. If
the power of Congress over post offices and
post roads was like the power over the mails, a
power of regulation merely, the subject-matter
being left to the control and in the hands of
citizens, save as carrying it on is regulated by
law, then the two cases would be similar : but
that is not the fact. Commerce, as I under-
stand the theory of the Constitution, is a thing
supposed to be in existence between persons
citizens of the country, or citizens of the coun-
try and subjects or citizens of foreign coun-
tries. Congress regulates it; that is, it says
how, when, and under what circumstances and
conditions this man shall trade with that. That
is regulating commerce. That is not embark-
ing in commerce ; nor does the Constitution
authorize Congress to embark in commerce.
But the power over the post office is not a
power to regulate the carrying of the mails;
it is, as we have construed it, a governmental
duty to carry them. The power to raise aa
army, the power to suppress an Indian war, is
not a power to regulate Indian wars; it is a
power to make war. In one case the Govern-
ment is superintending the conduct of others
engaged in a certain transaction ; in the other
case the Government is the participator.
Mr. HOWE. I see my colleague and myself
