1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Miirdi 3,
to say a word in faror of this bill yesterday
some inferred I was opposed to its passage.
My every vote yesterday was in favor of the
bill. Who compose this company we of Ark-
ansas know not, or where they come from we
know not; but that shall not canse to be with-
held from them a hearty and heartfelt welcome.
Some of us feel a sort of sympathetic affection
lor "carpet-baggers," and we all welcome men
who come to develop our country, so im-
mensely lull of latent wealth. Bat we want
them to come, not merely provide that they
may come; we want the pick and shovel pre-
ceding and closely followed by the locomotive's
whistle; and we do not want grants given just
to be held for eight years, and for that reason
I offer this amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for fur-
ther debate. I will yield to the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Boles,] that 1 may hear
an amendment he desires to offer.
Mr. BOLES. I desire to offer the following
as a proviso to the first section of the bill:
And provided further. That in case the grant of
lands b ereby made shall conflict with any grant here-
tofore or hereafter to be made to any railroad com-
pany the title to the lands of the grants so conflicting
shall accrue to and become vested in the company
that first builds the road along such portion of the
roads so conflicting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think that amendment
ought not to be adopted. It would only create
a conflict down there. I decline to yield to
have it offered. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the previous question shall not be
sustaiued will it be in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will be in
order.
The question was pnt on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 45, noes
58; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmjlk and
Mr. Ikgersoll were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report- !
ed—ayes 50, noes 68.
So the previous question was not seconded,,
Mr. JULIAN. 1 am not certain what dis-
position ought to be made of this bill. I want
to say to the House, however 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate.
There is no motion before the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order; but
the Chair would inform the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] that he recognized him
on the presumption that the judgment of the
House was that the bill should be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands. It would
hardly be fair to take from the Committee on
Railways and Canals the remainder of their
morning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to say but a few
words. This is a bill involving a very large
grant of lands. It never would have been re-
ferred to an inappropriate committee without
my objection if 1 had known of it at the time;
for it is a subject peculiarly proper for the
consideration of the Committee on the Public i
Lands. It comes here, however, through i
another channel, and I have no complaint to !
make about it* Bat the bill has never been
printed, and nobody seems to understand it.
Therefore, inasmuch as amendments hare been
refused, I having three or four that I was not 1
allowed to offer 
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman never j;
asked leave to offer them. !
Mr. JULIAN. I asked leave to offer them
and was denied. I think it is best to have
this bill either referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands or recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals, for I have none
but the kindest feelings for that committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not want it any
longer.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
I he motion was agreed to.
Mr. J ULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTKIIOCEAN'IC TKLBOUAPII.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs House bill No. 1163, relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries. I ask that the
bill be printed, with the accompanying report,
and that the bill and report be recommitted to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to know what this bill is before I consent to the
printing asked for.
i| Mr. WOOD. It i3 a bill relating to inter-
oceanic telegraphic communication between
the United States and foreign countries. I ask
that the bill and accompanying report be printed
for the use of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. I do not ask action on the bill at this
time.
The motion to print and recommit was
agreed to.
Mr. BEAM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington and new york railway.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Railways and Canals, reported back, with sun-
dry amendments, House bill No. 19, to author-
ize the building of a military and postal rail-
way from Washington, District of Columbia,
I to the city of New York, with arecommenda-
; tion that the same do pass.
1 The bill was read at length. The first sec-
i tion provides that John McManus, W. McEvoy,
James Duffey, James Andrews, William B.
; Willey, James D. Cameron, of Pennsylvania;
1 William T. Walters, of Maryland ; H. S.
McComb, of Delaware; Erastus Corning, H.
H. Baxter, H. W. Chittenden, George W.
Quintard, Alexander S. Diven, William F.
Drake, Roswell Hart, E. M. Madden, David
Dows, Charles W. Durant, George K. Otis, D.
: W. C. Wheeler, H. W. Gray, Elias W. Leaven-
worth, Azariah Boody, Austin Myers, and F.
H. Tows, of New York; J. C. Potts, C. B.
Guthrie, Calvin Goddard, and R. M. Henning,
of New Jersey; Henry Farnham, of Connec-
ticut: John S. Eldridge, George 0. Brastow,
William Schouler, and R. M. Ponaeroy, of !
Massachusetts; E. B. Phillips and John F.
Tracy, of Illinois: Rush R. Sloan and William
Baker, of Ohio ; Halmer H. Emmons, of Michi-
gan ; S. J. Bowen and J. H. Lathrop, of the
District of Columbia; John J. Mitchell, of
Missouri, together with such persons as may
become associated with them for that purpose,
together with their successors, are hereby cre-
atedand erected into a body corporate and
politic, in deed and in law, by the name and
title of the New York and Washington Rail-
way Company, and by that name shall have
perpetual succession, and shall be able to sue
and be sued, to plead and be impleaded, to
defend and be defended, in all courts of law
or equity, within the United States, and may
make and use a common seal, and may adopt
by-laws for its regulation and government, and
that the corporation shall also have power to
execute mortgages and deeds of trust upon its
property and franchises, real and personal,
and to borrow money and negotiate loans upon
their bonds or other securities.
The second section provides that the said
corporation is hereby authorized and empow-
ered, in the name and on behalf of the United ;
States, to survey, locate, lay nut, construct, ;
equip, maintain, operate,use,collecttollsupon, :
and enjoy a continuous line of railway, of one
or more tracks, with all the appurtenances, j
between the cities of Washington and New j
York, upon a route to be surveyed and desig- i
nated by a competent engineer, appointed by
them, and approved Ijy the Secretary of the
Interior, commencing at some point in the ciiy
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, and
runningthence through theStatesof Maryland,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey, or
any part of them, to the Hudson river; and
shall have power to construct a railway, which
shall have a double track, from a point in the
city of Washington to the Hudson river, oppo-
site the city of New York, and to cross the
Hudson river by ferry, from such point in the
ji State of New Jersey, into the city of New York;
!1 and that the said corporation shall be further
authorized and empowered to erect or purchase
and possess, use and enjoy, within the afore-
said city of New York, a pier and its appur-
tenances ; which pier shall be so located and
1 used as to insure the prompt delivery of the
l United States mails at the general post office
in the said city of New York.
The third Bection provides that the capital
stock of the New York and Washington Rail-
way Company shall be $10,000,000, and shall
consist of one hundred thousand shares of $100
each, which shall be subscribed for on the
books of said company, and shall be trans-
ferable in such manner as the by-laws of said
company shall prescribe; and that the persons
herein named as corporators, or any fifteen of
them, may give notice to the corporators to
assemble at the city of New York tor the pur-
pose of prescribing regulations for opening the
books of subscription to said capital stock at
some convenient place in Washington, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, and New York, at such
time as they may designate by public notice at
least ten days in one daily paper in each of
J 8aid places; that the books shall be kept open
until the whole amount of said capital stock
shall be subscribed, or such amount as they
shall deem sufficient for the purposes of this
act; that a cash payment of ten per cent, on
all subscriptions shall be paid at the time of
subscribing to the person or persons properly
authorized by the above corporators to receive
the same; and that whenever an amount not
less than $3,000,000 shall have been subscribed
in good faith to said capital stock, and ten per
cent, of the same paid in as above prescribed,
it shall be the duty of the above-named corpor-
ators, any fifteen of whom shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business, to call
a meeting of the stockholders at either of the
above- named places, for the purpose of electing
thirteen directors for said corporation; and
each share of said stock shall entitle the owner
to one vote; that the corporators herein named
shall designate five of their number to act as
inspectorsofsaid election, which five inspectors
so designated shall certify under their hands
the names of the directors thus duly elected,
and shall also notify them of their election and
the time and place of holding the first meeting
of said board of directors, at which meeting
the above corporators shall deliver to the said
directors the books of subscription to the stock
of the Baid New York and Washington Rail-
way Company, together with the amount paid
thereon, with a full report of their proceedings
under this act; and thereupon the duties of
the corporators hereinbefore named shall cease
and determine forever; and thereafter the said
directors, with their successors or assigns, shall
constitute the said bodypolitic and corporate;
that the directors thus chosen shall hold their
office for gone year and until others are elected
and qualified to fill their places; and that a
majority of said directors shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of busiuess.
The fourth section provides that the said
directors shall, at their first meeting, elect from
their own number a president and vice presi-
dent; that they may also from time to time
elect a treasurer, secretary, chief engineer, and
general .superintendent, together with such
other officers, agents, and employes as they
may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold
office or position only during the pleasure of
