3554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
which he alleges to be due to him for services
as yeoman in the United States Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, asking the construc-
tion of a suitable building for the use of the
United States Government on the block of
land situated in the city and county of San
Francisco, known as the custom-house block;
■which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking to have the city of
Yallejo lawfully declared a port of entry under
the laws of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE. I also present the petition of
Enoch Lott, who represents that 011 the 3d day
of July, 18G8, while in the employ of the quar-
termaster's department at Kodiac, Alaska ter-
ritory, he met with a serious accident while
some soldiers of the United States Army were
engaged in firing an old Russian cannon some
thirty feet distant from where he was standing,
when the piece exploded, and a portion of
which struck his left leg below the knee, caus-
ing a fracture of the larger bone and dislocat-
ing the other, and not having them properly
set at the time of the accident he was left with
a short, deformed leg ; while in this condition
his name was dropped from the pay-rolls of the
quartermaster's department, to date from July
3, 1868, the date upon which the accident
occurred. He therefore prays that Congress
may grant him compensation from the time he
left San Francisco until he returned to it, in
accordance with the terms of his agreement. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it a claim for
military services? Such claims have frequently
been referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I hardly know to what com-
mittee it should be referred; but I think it had
better go to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. COLE. I also present a concurrent reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Cali-
fornia, representing that the Presidio reserva-
tion in that State, only a small proportion of
which is needed for military uses, should be
devoted, as has been suggested by a bill intro-
duced in Congress, to the use of the city of San
Francisco for a public park. They set forth
some very strong reasons why that use of the
reservation should be made; that it is well
watered and the soil productive, and is capable
of being beautified and made a place of attrac-
tion for the people of that city. They set forth
also that a good deal of the outside lands of
the city are drifting sand and not, therefore,
capable of being converted into an attractive
and beautifnl park.
Aside from this resolution, I can state that
the people of that city are exceedingly anxious
to have such use made of the Presidio reser-
vation, which occupies the point or angle formed
by the Golden Gate and the Pacific ocean,- and
contains some sixteen or seventeen hundred
acres of ground. There certainly can be no
reason why so large a military reservation
should be retained by the Government actually
in the city of San Francisco, and not far from
the center of the city. There has been, to be
sure, an adverse report upon the bill on this
subject; but the case is on the Calendar, and I
move that this resolution lie on the table for
consideration at the time that bill is called up
for action.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
H. W. Carter, of Culpepper county, Virginia;
of Thomas L. Jones ana of William J. Car-
penter, of Hanover county, Virginia; of J. A.
Buckner, of Washington county, Virginia; of
E. A. Drumright, of Mecklenburg county, Vir-
ginia ; of Robert B. Chappell, of Mecklenburg
county, Virginia; of John R. Chambliss, of
Hicksford, Virginia; of Thomas D. Lewis,
of Accomac Court-House, Accomac county,
Virginia; of J. H. Warren, W. T. Penning-
ton, aud J. B. Northington, of Mecklenburg
county, Virginia, and of Alexander Bowie,
of King George county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of John Dab-
ney, of Alleghany Springs, Montgomery county,
Virginia; of M. H. Fitzpatrick, of Nelson coun-
ty, Virginia; of Thornton Triplett, of Campbell
county, Virginia; of James C. Gregory, of
Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of Robert A.
Camm, of Campbell county, Virginia; of Wil-
liam A. Gray, of Chapel Hill, Fluvanna county,
Virginia; of Samuel W. Hensley, of Bedford
county, Virginia; of Booker F. Smith and A.
M. Jennings, of Campbell county, Virginia;
ofS. D. McDearmon, of Appomattox county,
Virginia; of James L. Arthur, of Bedford
county, Virginia; of A. A. North, of Appo-
mattox county, Virginia, and of Jonathan
Browning, of Albemarle county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities. ,
He^also presented the petitions of M. P. Shel-
ton, of Nelson county, Virginia; of Thomas
F. Perkins, of Buckingham county, Virginia ;
of Thomas A. Kasey, of Bedford county, Vir-
ginia; of Robert Johnson, of Bedford county,
Virginia; of Samuel R. Jackson, of Westmore-
land county, Virginia, and of Gabriel H. Page,
of Nelson county, Virginia, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, asking the estab-
lishment of a semi-weekly mail route between
the town of Snelling and the town of San Luis,
in Merced county, via Hopeton, Alexandria,
Dover, Hill's Ferry, and Cottonwood; and
also the establishment of post offices at Hill's
Ferry, Cottonwood, and San Luis Ranch;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking the passage of a
bill granting land in aid of the construction of
a canal for mining and irrigating purposes from
the mountain lakes in El Dorado county, via
Placerville, to the city of Sacramento ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of California, asking the
speedy construction of a ship-canal between
the Atlantic and the Pacific across the Isthmus
of Darien; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam M. Slaughter, of Orange county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
John McMillan, late private company H, sev-
enth Michigan infantry volunteers, praying for
a pension on account of disability incurred in
the United States military service ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
bill recommitted.
Mr. SPENCER. Some time ago the bill
(S. No. 182) for the relief of the heirs of Wil-
liam A. Hines, deceased, was indefinitely post-
poned. I ask that by unanimous consent that
vote be reconsidered and the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks that the bill to which he
refers, which was indefinitely postponed, may
be regarded as reconsidered by unanimous
, consent and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none, and that order will be made.
order op business.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
to take up House joint resolution No. 86.
t Mr. SUMNER. I havesome morning busi-
i ness to introduce.
| Mr. STEWART. I will yield to the inorn-
1 ing business after this matter is taken up.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i Nevada ask unanimous consent to take up the
I joint resolution indicated by him.
! Mr. THURilAN. Let it be read forinform-
i ation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. SUMNER. I have some resolutionsto
offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is called for, and reports of committees are in
order.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1899) for the relief of Captain David
Beaty's company of independent scouts, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the letter of the Treasurer of the United States
transmitting the accounts current for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fis-
cal years 18G7 and 1868, have instructed me
to report back the motion to print adversely,
and I ask that the documents be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
I hope they will take good care of them.
[Laughter.} I do not know what the law is that
requires the transmission of these documents,
that are very expensive to copy and of no use
when they are copied; but the law ought to be
revised.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the adverse report of the committee
will be regarded as agreed to, and the docu-
ments will be referred to the Committee 011
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Susan H. Kearney for the con-
firmation of title to certain land in New Mex-
j ico, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
! (S. No. 926) to confirm the title of Benjamin
I E. Edwards, his heirs, assigns, or legal repre-
j sentatives, to a certain tract of land in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report wa3 ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 771) forthe relief of Zacha-
riah Pettijohn, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale of
! certain lands reserved for the use of the Men-
1 omonee trihe of Indians, in the State of Wis-
consin, reported it with amendments.
arkansas iiot springs.
Mr. RICE. I wish to make a report from
; the committee of conference in relation to the
i Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas; and I
ask for its adoption.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This report was
j recommitted to the committee for the purpose of
correcting some clcrical errors. It will be read.
I The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conferenoe on the disagreeing
; vetes of the two Houses on the amendment of tiio
' House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. &o) in relatiou
| to the Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House, and agree to tho sumo
with the following amendments: _
Section one, line four, after institute insert
"against the United States."
