354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
as we do now, that that security shall be pre-
served unimpaired.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I wish to say
on? word on the subject of the power claimed
by some of the States to retract their ratifica-
tion of,an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. It is in its very nature a
serious, question- I should very freely vote for
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Missouri if I did BOt think at the same time
I was recognizing an extremely mischievous
principle in reference to the power of the States.
It seems to me that the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois as to the concession
which we are making impliedly by adopting
this amendment are very weighty and very im-
portant. It seems to me that by passing this
amendment, though it may be very necessary
under the circumstances I agree, wo are yield-
ing the principle for which we all on this side
of the Chamber contend, that when an amend-
ment of the Constitution has been once ratified
it has passed completely from the power of the
Legislature of the State, and that after that the
State has nothing to do with it; it is bound by
its ratification for all time. I so understand
the Constitution; and I do not wish by my vote
here to throw any doubt upon that principle.
I cannot imagine how any enlightened court
of justice, how any well-instructed judge would
ever come to any other conclusion upon the
subject. The Constitution declares that amend-
ments may be proposed by Congress or by the
States in convention, "which in either case
shall be valid to all intents and purposes as
part of this Constitution when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States."
An amendment may originate in Congress
or it may originate in a convention of the
States. Jn cither case it is submitted to the
consideration of the States of the Union, and
when the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States^ of the Union have ratified it, then I
hold, in the language of the Constitution, that
it becomes a part of the instrument, and is as
binding as any other portion.
Now_, sir, whence does the State Legislature
derive its authority to act upon an amendment
of tlio Constitution of the United States ? Not
from its own constitution, not from any inher-
ent political sovereignty of its people, but
simply and solely from the Constitution of the
United- States. That, and that only, gives to
a btate Legislature the power of considering
and acting upon an amendment to the Consti-
tution; and what is it to do, if it does any
thing? it is to ratify the amendment. The
power is conferred by the Constitution of the
United States upon the State Legislature to
ratify the amendment, and it has no power
beyond this. If it shall have once ratified an
amendment of the Constitution, then its power
over that amendment has totally ceased ; it
lias become, in the language of ihc law, functus
officio; its power over the whole subject has
ended, and it has no authority whatever to
reconsider its vote upon the question of ratify-
ing the amendment. The whole thing has there
ended, and the State Legislature has acted in
pursuance of the Constitution of the United
States upon the subject-matter.
It is sometimes said that a State has a ri^ht
to withdraw its ratification at any time before
the amendment has become a part of the Con-
stitution by a vote of three fourths of the State
Legislatures. Sir, I hold that if the Legislature
oi a btate has a right to revoke its ratification
before toe amendment has become a part of
the Constitution it has upon the same reason
umi upon the same logic authority to withdraw
its ratification even after the amendment has
1« come a part of the Constitution. There is
no! liin^ ill the Constitution against it; the Con-
stitution is entirely silent upon the subject. It is
>u.-;o en tirely silent upon the subject of the revo-
cation of its ratification before the amendment
has taken effect as a part of the Constitution. I
see no reason for any distinction between the
power of a State to revoke^ before the taking
effect of an amendment and its power to revoke
after it has taken effect. If it be true in one
case it is true in the other, for the logic applies
with equal force to both cases; and we all
know very well that if a State can exercise the
power of revocation after an article of amend-
ment has taken effect as a part of the Consti-
tution the Constitution itself is no better than
a rope of sand. It is liable to be destroyed at
any time by a single revocation of the acts of
ratification of several of the States, which
would leave the Government entirely at the
mercy of the State Legislatures.
But, sir, the point which I make here, and
about which I wish to be distinctly understood,
is that the sole authority is given by the Con-
stitution, and that authority is the authority
of ratification if the Legislature sees fit to
ratify, and when it has once ratified an article
of amendment its power over the whole sub-
ject is gone ; it has no right to retract an act
of ratification, or in any way to modify it.
Holding this doctrine, I will not by any vote
of mine here bring into doubt the correctness
of the great principle upon which I insist. I
will not by my vote fix a precedent from which
it may be inferred that Congress is of opinion
that a State after having ratified an amend-
ment to the Constitution can retract its rati-
fication.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not like
to vote on a question of this magnitude with-
out explaining my views upon it. The ques-
tion which presents itself to the Senate now
is, is reconstruction complete; have we the
same power over the reconstruction of the
lately rebellious States now that we had here-
tofore? I maintain that though we have passed
reconstruction acts_, and Congress has spent an
immense deal of time on that subject, recon-
struction is not yet complete; that we have
the same power over the admission of Vir-
ginia to-day that we had over the admission
of any rebel State heretofore; and if Con-
gress in the exercise of its appropriate powers
required the rebel States to ratify the four-
teenth amendment before they were admitted
as States into the Union, then the reconstruc-
tion of Virginia not being complete Congress
lias the same power, and it still continues to
impose such conditions upon the State of
Virginia.
l am not to be told here in the Senate that I
am inconsistent when, having required of States
which have been admitted, like Arkansas and
Alabama, that they shall pass no laws restrict-
ing the equal rights of all men, I now deny the
doctrine that we have no right to impose con-
ditions upon the admission of Virginia. There
is no distinction in principle between the cases.
The only distinction there is is this: that times
have changed a little; our feelings have be-
come modified ; the war is over and we are for
the exalted principles of magnanimity and for
sharing together, North and South, East and
West, this glorious heritage of the American
Union. I participate in that sentiment to the
highest extent. But in the condition which
the Senator from Missouri proposes to propose
is there anything different from that which was
imposed upon all these other States, and is
there anything unreasonable in it?
Why should Virginia, the mother of States
and of Presidents, come in upon different con-
ditions from any other State ? Is it unreason-
able that she shall conform to the will of the
American people as expressed in the late elec-
tions, and come into this Union as a Union
State, ratifying the action of the people and
the action of Congress on this subject? Shall
we after the admission of her Senators sit
here and have a filibustering campaign or cru-
sade in the State of Virginia to set aside the
action of the American people ? Sir, as a mem-
ber of the Republican party, of that Union
party which carried forward the war, which
oDtained the victory, and which demanded sub-
mission on the part of the rebel government, I
still maintain the policy for which I have ever
contended, and I here assert that there is noth-
ing unreasonable in it.
I admit the doctrine contended for by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, and I cer-
tainly would hardly dare to present an opinion
against so able and good a lawyer as lie is;
but his argument does not apply here. Vir-
ginia is not a State of the Union as Ohio and
South Carolina are States of this Union ; and,
as was said most pertinently by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, when we admit the
State of Virginia she comes as a loving sister
into this great Confederacy of States, but in a
few days after her Senators have taken their seats
rebel filibustering may begin ; Virginia may
unite her potent voice with Ohio and New
York to upset the decrees of the American peo-
ple aud the policy of the Republican Union
party.
I believe in State sovereignty to a certain
extent; but upon questions which concern the
rights of citizens, the legal rights of all men in
this country, I deny the authority of any State.
My rights and your rights as individuals are
above all constitutions and all laws, accord-
ing to the theory of republican government.
Neither Congress nor the States can constitu-
tionally, morally, or legally subvert those
rights. I propose now simply to impose the
same restrictions and conditions upon the State
of Virginia which I would impose upon any
other State of the Union. We have to draw
distinctions now between what are termed State
rights and what are State rights. There is a
different construction placed by the American
people upon that question from that which was
formerly placed upon it. The time lias come
when it has been decided by the American
people that we are not to have thirty-six or
forty different State governments each legis-
lating for itself and in contrary directions upon
the innate principles and the inherent rights
of men to which I have referred, but that there
"shall be one arbiter, one supreme judge, and
that shall be the people of the United States
through their Senators and Representatives in
Congress; and what they decide to be State
rights shall be State rights upon these ques-
tions. _ We want no more discussions such as
led this country into fierce and bloody civil
war. We want Virginia to understand that if
she is reconstructed she is reconstructed upon
the plan of the American people, not upon the
plan of the State of Virginia.
^ Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, when the
States lately in rebellion withdrew their Sen-
ators and Representatives from Congress and
organized a confederacy in hostility to the
Government of the United States, it was my
judgment, and has always been my judgment
since that time, that the jurisdiction of Con-
gress attached to those States or to the territory
embraced within the confines of tl\e confed-
eracy, so that Congress could legislate in any
way it might see proper for the suppression of
the rebellion and the restoration of those States
to the Union. But, sir, 1 have always doubted
the rightof Congress to impose conditions upon
those States, conditions that could bo enforced
by Congress after those States were once re-
stored to their relations to the Federal Union,
and their Senators and Representatives were
allowed to take their seats m Congress. I
understand that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States requires all the States to stand in
the Union upon an equal footing, and I have
doubted very muck the constitutionality of the
conditions that have been imposed. They may
have a moral influence upon the country: but
it their constitutionality should over be tried
before a judicial tribunal, I doubt very much
whether they would be sustained.
But, sir, this ^ amendment submitted by the
Senator irom Missouri, it seems to me, irf taking
one step in advance of any position that Con-
gress has heretofore taken in reference to thcrfe
reconstruction measures. The Senator pro-
poses by this amendment to declare that in case
