652
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
may conduct the proceedings to a conclusion, if
the company delays or omits to prosecute the
same.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That
such company may, from time to time, borrow
such sums of money as they may deem neces-
sary for completing or operating their railroad,
and issue and dispose of their bonds for any
amounts so borrowed, for such sums and at
such rates of interest as may be agreed upon,
and mortgage their corporate property and
franchises to secure the payment of any debt
contracted by such company ; and the direct-
ors of the company may confer on any holder
of any bond issued for money borrowed as
aforesaid the right to convert the principal due
or owing thereon into stock of said company,
at any time not exceeding fifteen years from
the date of said bond, under such regulations
as the company may adopt; and such company
may sell their bonds whenever they may deem
proper, and such sales shall be as valid as if
such bonds should be sold at par value. But
such corporation shall not have power to issue
any bonds or to execute any mortgages upon
its property or franchises until at least one
half of the capital stock shall havo been fullv
paid.
Sue. 26. And be it further enacted, That if
at any time after the location of the track of
such road, in whole or in pari, and the filing
of the map thereof, it shall appear to the direct-
ors of such company that the line thereof may
be improved, such directors may, from time to
time, alter the line, and cause a new map to be
filed in the said register's office, and may there-
upon talce possession of the lands embraced
in such new location that may be required for
such construction and maintenance of'sueh road
on such new line, either by agreement with the
owner or by such proceedings as are authorized
under the preceding sections of this act, and
use the same in place of the line for which the
new is substituted.
Sue. 27. And be it farther enacted, That
whenever the track of such railroad shall cross
a road or highway, such road or highway may
be carried under or over the track, as may be
most expedient; and in cases where an embank-
ment or cutting shall make a change in the line
of such road or highway desirable, with a view
to a more easy ascent or descent, the said com-
pany may take additional lands for tho con-
struction of such road or highway, or such new
line as may be deemed requisite by the direct-
ors. Unless the lands so taken shall be pur-
chased or voluntarily given for the purposes
aforesaid, compensation therefor shall be ascer-
tained in the manner in this act provided, as
nearly as mav be, and duly made by such cor-
poration to the owners and persons interested
in such lands, and the same, when so made
and compensation made, to become part of
such intersecting road or highway, in such
manner and by such terms as the adjacent parts
ot such highway may be held for highway pur-
poses.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That
every conductor, baggage-master, engineer,
brakeman, or other employGs of any such rail-
road corporation, employed on a passenger
tiuin, or at stations i'or ptissenijei's, shall wear
upon his hat or cap a badge which shall indi-
cate his office, and the initial letters of the
styleofthecorporation by which he is employed.
No collector or conductor without such badge
shall demand, or be entitled to receive, from
any passenger any fare, toll, or ticket, or exer-
cise any ot the powers of his office; and no
other of said officers or employGs without such
badge shall have any authority to meddle or
interfere with any passenger or property.
Sec. 2y. And be it farther enacted, That
every such corporation shall make an annual
report to tho clerk of said supreme court of
the operations of (he year ending on the first
day of January, which report shall be verified
by the oath of the treasurer and acting super-
intendent of operations, and filed in his office
by the tenth day of January of each year, and
shall state: First, the capital stock and the
amount actually paid in. Second, the amount
expended for the purchase of lands, for the
construction of the road, for buildings, and
for engines and cars respectively. Third, the
amount and nature of its indebtedness, and
the amounts due the corporation. Fourth,
the amount received for the transportation of
passengers, of property, of mails, and from
other sources. Fifth, the amount of freight,
specifying the quantity, in tons of the products
of the forest, of animals, of vegetables, food,
other agricultural products, manufactures, mer-
chandise, and other articles. Sixth, theamount
paid for repairs, engines, cars, buildings, and
salaries. Seventh, the number and amount of
dividends, and when paid. Eighth, the num-
ber of engine-houses and shops, of engines
and cars, and their character.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That any
such corporation shall, when applied to by the
Postmaster General, convey the mails of the
United States on their road ; and in case such
corporation shall not agree to the rates of
transportation thereof, and as to time, rate of
speed, mariner, and condition of carrying the
same, the said supreme court may appoint three
commissioners, who shall fix and determine the
same.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That if
any passenger shall refuse to pay his fare or
toll, the conductor of the train may put him
out of the cars at any usual stopping-place.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That
every such corporation shall start and run their
cars for their [the] transportation of persons or
property at regular times, to be fixed by pub-
lic notice, and shall furnish sufficient accom-
modation for the transportation of all such
passengers and property as shall within a rea-
sonable time previous thereto olfer, or to be
offered, for transportation at the place of start-
ing^ and the junction of other railroads, and
at siding and stopping-places established for
receiving and discharging way passengers and
freight, and shall take, transport, and discharge
such passengers and property at, from, and to
such places, on the due payment of tolls, freight,
or fare therefor.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That in
case of the refusal by such corporation or their
agents so to take and transport any passenger
or property, or to deliver the same at the regu-
lar appointed place, sueli corporation shali pay
to the party aggrieved all damages which shall
be sustained thereby, with costs of suit.
Sec. 3-1. And be it further enacted, That in
forming a passenger train, baggage, or freight,
or merchandise, or lumber cars shall not be
placed in_ rear of passenger cars; and if they
or any of them shall be so placed, and any
accident shall happen to life or limb, the officer
or ageutwho so directed or knowingly suffered
such arrangement, and the conductor or engin-
eer of the train, shall each and all be held
guilty of intentionally causing the injury, and
be punished accordingly.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That the
railroad companies may increase the amount
of their capital stock only by filing in the office
of the register of deeds a certificate stating the
amount of such desired increase, and the rea-
sons or necessity for the same, signed by the
president and a majority of the directors, and
attested by the secretary, and seal of such
company, and in no case to a greater amount
than the actual cost of building and equipping
said road.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That no
railroad shall be built, under tho provisions of
this act until tho route and termini of said road
shall have been approved and sanctioned by
Congress; and Congress may make all needful
rules and regulations for the operation and
management of said railroads, and may regu-
late the rates of fare and freight upon such
roads: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to limit the right of
the municipal authorities of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, respectively, to regu-
late the running of trains, or to establish tho
grade upon [which] said roads shall be built,
jvithin said cities respectively.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That the
Congress of the United States mayat anytime
alter, amend, or repeal this act, saving and
preserving all rights which may become vested
under the same, and may amend or repeal any
incorporation formed or created under this act;
but any such amendment or repeal shall not,
nor shall the dissolution of any company formed
under this act, take away or impair any rem-
edy given against any such corporation, its
stockholders, or officers, for any liability which
shall have been previously incurred.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for all companies formed and
incorporated, or which shall hereafter be incor-
porated, under the provisions of the foregoing
act, to sue for and collect any installment or
subscription to stock due or to become due
to said companies formed under said act, in
like manner as other debts are now collected,
and before any court having jurisdiction of
the amount claimed: Provided ', however. That
nothing contained in this act shall be so con-
strued as to authorize any corporation organ-
ized under the same to construct or own any
railroad outside of tho District of Columbia.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
Chai\ LXXXL—An Act legalizing certain
Locations of Agricultural College Scrip
therein designated.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of llep-
resenlatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all locations of agri-
cultural college scrip allowed prior to Decem-
ber first, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, at
the several land offices in the State of Wiscon-
sin, in excess of the maximum quantity author-
ized by the act entitled "An act donating pub-
lic lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
be, and the same are hereby, legalized; and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is authorized to issue patents upon such loca-
tions : Provided, That the same shall be in all
other respects legal'and valid.
Awhoted, May 5, 1870.
Ciiap. LXXXIL—An Act authorizing the First
National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its Location.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the First National
Bank of Delhi, now located m Delhi, Delaware
county, State of New York, is hereby author-
ized to change its location to the village of
Port Jervis, Orange county', State of New
York. Whenever the stockholders represent-
ing three fourths of the capital of said bank,
at a meeting called for that purpsse, determine
to make such change, the president and cash-
ier shall execute a certificate under the cor-
porate seal of the bank specifying such determ-
ination, and shall cause the same to be i ecoi ded
in the office of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, and thereupon such change of location
shall be effected, and the operations of dis-
count and deposit of said bank shall be carried
on under the name of the First National Bank
ot Poit Jervis, in the village of Port Jervis,
Orange county, State of New York.
