5442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
the case of Joseph Segar, who claims a seat
as Representative of the State of Virginia at
large. That case will consume one hour. The
other cases will require only a vote of the
House, without any discussion.
ELECTION TRAUDS.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to make a report in connec-
tion with the bill (H. R. No. 477) to prevent
and punish election frauds. This bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and I
was instructed to report it back to the House
that it might be put upon its passage. But
while it was still pending it appeared better to
have it added by the way of an amendment to
the bill providing for the enforcement of the
fifteenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States. This was done while that bill
was in the Senate, and it has already become a
law. I move, therefore, that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
election case digest.
Mr. PAINE. I also ask the House to adopt
a resolution which I send to the desk. It is to
order the printing of the digest of cases of con-
tested elections, so that the clerk during the
recess may be able to make an index. This
will involve no additional cost.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That tho digest of contested elections in
the House since 1864 prepared by the clerk of tho
Committco of Elections, by order of said committee,
bo printed, to enable him to index the same during
the recess.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under
the law, will be referred to the Committee oil
Printing.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] to
call up the contested-election case of Zeigler
vs. Eice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
three minutes for a personal explanation.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I send
to the desk to be road an extract from the
New York World of .Tuly 0, instant:
The Clerk read as follows:
"Believers in Benjamin Butlek will bo shocked
to learn that he has ejccted several hundred negro
squatters from his estates near Hampton, Virginia.
The noble freedmen made no resistance, but they
are disappointed in Ben."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
rise as a privileged question to refer to a news-
paper statement where it only involves per-
sonal abuse. In this behalf I accept as my
motto the saying of Josh Billings, "Blessed
is he who can pocket abuse, and is not ashamed
to be bit by a dog." But this statement is one
I cannot allow to pass unchallenged, for the
facts ought to go to the country.
In 1864 about five hundred negro families
were, by the order of the commanding general
of the department of Virginia, put upon the
farm of a rebel colonel, then in the service of
the confederacy, where they have remained
till last May, when the owner of the farm,
having refused to sell it at any price, got pro-
cess of ejectment in the courts of Virginia, and
ejected them from that farm ; and I am sorry
to say that a company of United States sol-
diers was sent from Fortress Monroe there to
superintend the operation ; but that was done
without the consent of the Secretary of War
or authority of law.
When these negroes were ejected from
their homes they were left, men, women, and
children, in the highway, and the gentleman
who represents that district of Virginia [Mr.
Platt] called upon tne and desired me to unite
with him in endeavoring to find a place where
the negroes might have a temporary home at
least. Happening to have, by the foreclosure
of a mortgage, a piece of laud near Hampton,
I told him that that land was at the service of
the negroes, and they might move on to it, and
they have moved on it, and are there now. So
that the paragraph stating that I ejected them
came so near being true, that they were ejected
by somebody else, and I gave them a home—
which is about as near the truth as any news-
paper gets when it talks about me—I appeal
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt,]
who represents the district, for the facts of the
statement I have made.
Mr. PLATT. I wish only to say that I
made an appeal to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and asked him to aid me in taking
some measures to provide for the protection
of these persons, who had been driven from
their homes which they had occupied for four
or five years, and which they had cultivated.
I asked him to aid me in raising money to
pay S5,000 for lands in that district, and I
was about starting for that vicinity to purchase
the lands; but he gave me a letter to his agent
which enabled them to settle upon his prop-
erty. They are now occupying the gentleman's
property, and have homes there, and it is only
due to his generosity to-day that they are not
thrown out homeless and hopeless wanderers,
dependent on the cold charity of the world.
That is all I desire to say.
TAX ON MANUFACTURERS.
Mr. ALLISON, from theCommitteeofWays
and Means, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill (II. 11. No. 2404) to amend section four
of the act of March 31, 1868; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. The bill provides that
there shall not be assessed or collected, under
or by virtue of section four of an act approved
March31,1868, entitled "An act to exemptcer-
tain manufacturers from internal taxes," upon
pork-packers, lard Tenderers, or those engaged
in smoking hams, curingmeats, or othersknown
in the provision trade as "manufacturers,"
within the meaning of the said section, and that
if any such tax shall have been assessed, but
not collected, the same shall be remitted.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST—ZEIGLER YS. RICE.
Mr. PAINE. I now call up the contested-
election case from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky, of Zeigler vs. Rice ; and I
will state that after thateasehas been disposed
of I will yield to gentlemen for any purposes
they desire, and as long as the House will
permit.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing resolution, reported by the majority of the
committee :
^ Jiesohrd, That Hon. John M. Rice is disqualified by
the third section of the iourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States from holdingaseat
in Congress, and that the seat occupied by him as a
Representative from the ninth district of Kentucky in
the Forty-First Congress is hereby declared vacant,
andthatthe Speakerofthcllouse of Representatives
notify the Governor of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky that such vacancy exists.
Jiemtved, That General John L. Zeigler contested
the seat of Hon. John M. Rice m the Forty-First
Congress in good faith, and should bo paid 
dollars lor expenses incurred m said contest.
Mr. BURR,, from the minority of the com-
mittee, offered the following amendment:
Resolved, That Hon. John M. Rice is justly enti-
tled to his scat as Representative in the Forty-First
Congress from the ninth district of the State of
Kentucky.
Mr. PAINE. I ask that one hour and twenty
minutes be devoted to this case; and I now
move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin asks that by unanimous consentan hour
and twenty minutes be devoted to this ease,
allowing forty minutes to each side, and if
there be no objection that arrangement will be
made. The Chair hears no objection.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
' Mr. BURR. I suggest that the gentlemen
representing the majority of the committee be
now allowed to occupy half an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Iam willing
to agree to that arrangement.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. This contest
arises in the ninth congressional district of tbe
State of Kentucky, at an election held in that
district for the purpose of electing a Represent-
ative to the Forty-First Congress. The can-
didates were Hon. John M. Rice and Colonel
John L. Zeigler, the contestant. The sitting
member received a majority of all the votes
cast, and received the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky as
being entitled to his seat as such Representative.
Within the time prescribed by the statute for
such cases made and provided the contestant
gave notice to tbe sitting member of contest,
setting forth the grounds upon which he would
contest his right to the seat as such contestant.
The notice sets forth as follows:
"First. That under article fourteen, amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, section
three, you are, and were at the time you v/ere voted
lor at the election held on the 3d day of JNovember,
1868,ineligible to the place of Representative in the
Congress of the United States, or to any other offaco
of trust or profit under the United States, or under
any State thereof, and for the reason—
"1. That, as a member of the Legislature of tho
State of Kentucky, prior to or about the beginning
of the late rebellion against the (J-overument of tho
United States, you took an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and thereafter gave
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof.
*' 2. That, as a member of the Legislature of the
State of Kentucky in the year 1861, you voted for a
resolution, which passed the house of said State by
a large majority, pledging the State of Kentucky to
rebibt by force, and with all her powers, and to the
last extremity, any attempt to coerce by arms the
people of tho southern States into submission to the
laws of the United States; the people of thesouthern
States being at that time in open rebellion.
"3. That you engaged in rebellion yourself, being
present with and aiding the enemies of the United
States in their rebellion and insurrection against tho
Government of the United States.
"Second. That notice of this disqualification on
your part was given publicly to the voters of the
district prior to the said election held on the 3d day
of November, 1868, and during the time you stood
as a candidate before the people; that this disquali-
fication existed at that time; and that by reason
thereof all votes cast for you were and are illegal
and void; wherefore I was duly elected by the legal
vote ot said district on said 3d day of November last,
and am lawfully entitled to and claim the seat in
the Forty-First Congress of the United States as
Representative for said ninth district of Kentucky.''
The fact that the sitting member, Hon. John
M. Rice, was a member of the Legislature
of Kentucky, and took an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, is not denied
by him. In his answer he admits that he was
a member of the Legislature of Kentucky, and
that he took an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, but he denies that
he afterward engaged in the rebellion or gave
aid or comfort to the enemies of the United
States. And the only question that was sub-
mitted to the Committee of Elections that made
this report was whether John M. Rice did
engage ia the rebellion or give aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the United States.
There were certain resolutions passed by the
Kentucky Legislature while Mr. Rice was a
member of it, and for which he voted. Now,
while the Committee of Elections were not
willing to say in their report that voting for
thoseresolutions gave aid and comfort to tbe
enemies of the Government of the United
States, nevertheless they were embodied in this
report for the purpose of showing the feeling
that Hon. John M. Rice had at the early part
ot this struggle, and as an index to his heart,
and as an evidence of his intention. Coupling
that vote with his acts, the committee came to
