1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
"VVby did we seek in 1867 to reconstruct the
governments of the recusant and rebellious
States ? The reasons were assigned in the act
of March 2, 1867. You remember them. We
said that those governments were illegal, and
that they did not furnish protection to life or to
property. Were these allegations true or false ?
If true, they ought to be reconstructed if there
was authority anywhere to reconstruct them.
If false, we are answerable.
I do not know but that our friends in the
Opposition have forgotten what was the con-
dition of affairs at that time. The question of
the legality of those governments 1 shall not
stop now to consider. The question of their
efficiency or sufficiency to protect life and
property—it is upon that I stand. That I say
was true. A government which does not fur-
nish something like adequate protection to
these great human interests is not fit to stand,
and ought to give place to something better.
It is the very purpose of human government,
and a government which does not fulfill that
purpose answers no human purpose.
Was this allegation true or false ? We hesi-
tated a long time before we answered that our-
selves. We took testimony upon that ques-
tion ; you know we had a committee which we
called the Committee on Reconstruction. They
occupied a winter, they occupied a session in
taking testimony on this very point. They
came to the conclusion that those govern-
ments could not be intrusted with all the pow-
ers and all the prerogatives which, under the
Constitution of the Union, then belonged to a
State, and they proceeded to ask their assent
to some new amendments, the same which are
now included in the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution; asked to have a new
amendment incorporated in the Constitution
which should to a certain extent abridge the
prerogatives oftheStates. Those governments
werequestioned as to whether they would assent
to this amendment or not; and they said no,
they would not, The committee reported that
they could not be intrusted with the protection
of life and property. They said life was habit-
ually insecure ; property was habitually unsafe
under the protection of those governments.
They took the testimony of the officers of your
Army. They referred you to the actual work
of those governments, and without reading a
single passage from the testimony of witnesses
I am going to call the attention of the Senate
to some of the laws which those governments
enacted. I have in my hand a volume of the
laws of Mississippi, the last State but one, I
believe, which we have restored to the fellow-
ship of the Union. I read from chapter four
of the laws of 1865, an act approved the 25th
of November, 1865. The first section provides :
" That all freedmen, free negroes, and mulattoes
may sue and bo sued, implead and be impleaded in
all the courts of law and equity of this State, andmay
acquire personal property and ehoses in action, by
descent or purchase, and may dispose of the same in
the same manner and to the same extent that white
persons may: Provided, That the provisions ofthis
fcection shall not be so construed as to allow any freed-
man, free negro, ormulatto to rent or lease any lands
or tenements, except in incorporated towns or cities,
in which places the corporate authorities shall con-
tiol the same."
There is a statute enacted by that govern-
ment which the reconstruction laws denounced,
and which declaresthat no one of a race num-
bering many thousands of the citizens of that
State should own any real estate, or should
rent or lease any real estate outside of the towns,
and there only by consent of the corporate
authorities, and should hold it "under the
control of the same."
This is a law enacted by the Legislature of
that government which the act of March 2,
1807, denounced, and proscribed, if you please
to use that word. I know these men were not
white, all of them, who were thus prohibited
from holding real eslate; but I appeal to the
Senate, I appeal to the Demoeiatie members,
I appeal to the common sense of the whole
■world, if thatis a reason for saying men shall not
hold real estate if they can pay for it. This is
not all. In that same act they declared that—
"Every frcedman, free negro, and mulatto shall,
on the second Monday of January, 1866, and an-
nually thereafter, have a lawful home or employ-
ment;"—
It is not a bad thing to have—
" and shall have written evidence thereof, as fol-
lows, to wit: if living in any incorporated city, town,
or village, a license from the mayor thereof,"—
To have a home and to have an employment!
" and if living outside of any incorporated city, town,
or village, from the member of the board of police
of his beat, authorizing him or ,her to do irregular
and job work, or a written contract."
Section seven provides:
" That every civil officer shall, and every person
may arrest and carry back to his or her legal em-
ployer any freedman, free negro, or mulatto, who
shall have quit the service of his or her employer
before the expiration of his or her term of service
without good cause; and saidofficcr and person shall
be entitled to receive for arresting and carrying back
every deserting employe aforesaid, the sum ot live
dollars, and ten cents per mile from the placc of
arrest to the place of delivery, and the same shall
be paid by the employer and held as a set-otf for so
much against the wages of said deserting employe."
Mr. President, I am repeatedly asked what
the date of this statute is. It is November,
1865. This is the Legislature that Mr. John-
son erected; this is the Legislature that the
reconstruction act of 1867 superseded. That
same Legislature passed another act, chapter
six; I find it in the same volume. This act
was approved on the 24th of November, 1865.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That all freedmen,
free negroes, and mulattoes in this State, over the
age of eighteen years, found on the second Monday
in January, 1866, or thereafter, with no lawful em-
ployment or business, or found unlawfully assem-
bling themselves together either in the day or night
time, and all white persons so assembling with freed-
men, free negroes, or mulattoes, or usually associat-
ing with freedmen, free negroes, or mulattoes, on
torms of equality, <fec.," * *     "shall be
deemed vagrants, and on conviction thereof shall be
fined in the sum of not exceeding, in the case of
a freedman, free negro, or mulatto, S50, and a white
man #200, and imprisoned at tho discretion of the
court, the tree negro not exceeding ten days, and the
white man not exceeding six months."
That is another section in another law
enacted by this same Legislature, under the
provisions of which every man on this floor
would be a criminal if in the State of Missis-
sippi, because we do, Mr. President—I am
bound to make the confession—habitually asso-
ciate with a man of another color, a Senator
on this floor. Two hundred dollars' fine and
imprisonment would be the penalty in Missis-
sippi! 1 read from their statutes. I wished to
read to you a statute of another State, the
State of Florida, but the Library of Congress is
not furnished with those statutes. I am about
to recite the project of a law reported by the
commission organized in that State, which I
understand afterward was enacted into a law,
though I have never seen it in the statutes
of Florida, and cannot find those statutes.
It was entitled "An act for the education of
the children of freedmen." That was sub-
stantially the title—not a bad purpose; a
good purpose for a statute to aim at; but the
provisions of the statute strike me as peculiar.
I can state them from memory, and I think
I never shall fail to be able to state from mem-
ory what those provisions in substance were.
It provided that a fund should be raised for
the education of the children of cobred men.
Funds are very necessary for this purpose we
all know. That fund was to consist of one
dollar per head, to be paid by every colored
man between the ages of twenty-one and fifty-
five. No matter how much the colored man
was worth, he was to pay but a dollar, and no
matter if he was not worth fifty cents he must
pay a dollar. If he had property he was to be
taxed on that property for the education of
everybody else. Whether he had property or
not he was to contribute a dollar for the edu-
cation of colored children. Ihere were under
the census of 1850, as I remember, twelve
thousand four hundred colored men between
the ages of twenty and fifty-five in Florida.
This required all those who were twenty-oue
and under fifty-five to contribute. That would
yield just about twelve thousand dollars for
the education of the colored children of Flor-
ida : not a very large sum, but how to be dis-
bursed? First, there was to be a superin-
tendent of colored schools, who was of course
to be a white man, and who was to have a sal-
ary of $2,000, to be paid out of this $12,000
fund. That-would reduce it to $10,000. Then
there was to be an assistant superintendent of
colored schools in each county of the State,
who was of course to be white, and who was
to have a salary of $200, which was to be
paid out of this fund of $10,000. There were
then thirty-seven counfies ill the State of Flor-
ida, and $200 each would amount to $7,400, to
come out of the remainder of the fund, or
$Vi,400 to come out of the $12,000 which the
colored men were to pay for the education of
the children, leaving $2,600 to be devoted'to
the purposes of teaching!
That was a statute framed for the purposes
of education, claimed to be in the interests of
the colored race; but, Mr. President, do you
not know that in any well-regulated commun-
ity where there exists even a rudimental sense
ot' what justice and honesty require, every
man employed in the framing or enacting of
such a statute as that should be sent to the
State prison for getting money under false pre-
tenses. Levying $12,000 on poverty in the
name of education, in the name of the educa-
tion of the colored race, and appropriating
$9,400 of it to pay white superintendents for
disbursing the money!
This was mere legislation, the act of Legis-
latures. What do you find if you come down
to the consideration of what individuals did and
of what individuals are still doing? I am not
going to try to shock the Senate by any general
view of those scenes of violence and blood-
shed which are being enacted in those States.
I call your attention to one single incident.
All of you are familiar with it. It was trans-
acted but a short time ago in the State of Mis-
sissippi. A white man, a man, I am told, of
culture, of wealth, a lawyer by profession,
tried to provoke a quarrel with an officer of
the Government of the United States whose
duty it was to collect a tax of him. He as-
sailed him with every opprobrious epithet he
had heard or could invent, and the officer
would not resent it, and finally turned to leave
him, and finding that words would not provoke
in the officer an act which could be considered
by anybody as a justification for a blow, when
the officer turned to leave him he threw one
arm about him and with the other hand plunged
a dagger into him and he fell dead. It is only
one case. That man to-day, I am told, walks
abroad upon all the highways of Mississippi,
with his head up, with his whole form as erect
as any uudispuled citizen of that State. Tho
law does not touch him. They say law cannot
reach him. Sentiment shields him against the
consequences of a crime like that. That is
only one instance.
Mr. President, when this incident was re-
ferred to the other day on this floor, what was
the reply to it? The Senator from Ohio says
" Of course they murder in Mississippiand
be says they murder in New York ; they mur-
der in Ohio. So they do. Murder. I know,
is not confined to any one State. Who mur-
der in New York and in Ohio? Felons, out-
laws, brigands, men for whom all your-prisons
yawn ; men for whom all your scaffolds ache.
They are the men who murder in those States,
only they. What do they murder for there?
For greed, perhaps, lust of gain, some deep-
seated personal hatred. The motives are vari-
ous ; but their motives, all of them, everywhere
so odious and infamous that whenever seen or
declared, all men set their heels upon them.
Who murder in Mississippi, in Georgia, in
Florida? Democrats. Why? In the interest
of a party. Not such Democrats as sit lieie.
but Democrats in the interest of a party, and
against a party; and for what? Not lor any
