1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5443
the conclusion that he did give aid and comfort
to the enemies of the United States. The res-
olutions for which Hon. John M. Rice admits
he voted are in the following language:
"Resolved by the Generul Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That this General Assembly has
beard with profound regret ol the resolutions recently
adopted by the States of New York, Ohio, Maine,
and Massachusetts, tendering men and money to the
President of the United States, to be used in coercing
certain sovereign States of the South into obedience
to the Federal Government.
"Resolved, That this General Assembly receives the
action of the Legislatures of Now York, Ohio, Maine,
and Massachusetts as the indication of a purpose, on
the part of the people of these States, to further com-
plicate existing difficulties by forcing the people of
the South to the extremity of submission or resist-
ance; and so regarding it, the Governor of the State
of Kentucky is hereby requested to inform the Execu-
tives of each of said States that it is the opinion of
this General Assembly that whenever the authorities
of those States shall send armed forces to the South
for the purposes indicated in said resolutions the
people of Kentucky, uniting with their brethren of
the South, will, as one man, resist such invasion of
the soil of the South at all hazards, and to the last
extremity."
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. Does not the Commit-
tee of Elections report that voting for that
resolution was not giving aid and comfort to
the enemy as contemplated by the law ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Certainly, it
does.
Mr. SARGENT. Than why read it ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I read it to
show the index to his feelings, and for the pur-
pose of coupling it with his subsequent acts.
Mr. SARGENT. If voting for this resolu-
tion was not giving aid and comfort to the
enemy, then it is not evidence against the sit-
ting member.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. That is a
question for the House to determine.
Thus it will be seen that the contestant
charges that the contestee is ineligible under
the fourteenth article of the Constitution, sec-
tion three, by reason of having, as a member
of the Legislature of the State of Kentucky,
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States and afterward gave aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof, by voting in
said Legislature in .the year 1861 for the reso-
lutions 1 have read. *
If voting that, if the States of New York,
Ohio, Maine, and Massachusetts should,
through the President of the United States,
use men and money to coerce the southern
States into obedience to the Federal Govern-
ment, that Kentucky, uniting with their breth-
ren of the South, would resist such invasion
of the soil of the South at all hazards and
to the last extremity, was giving aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the United States, then
the contestee was, and is, ineligible under the
article and section aforesaid. The committee,
looking to the state of the country and the
status of the chief Executive, declaring that
the Federal Government had no right to coerce
a sovereign State, and no war existing at
the time, only save two or three States hav-
ing, as they declared, separated from the Union
of States, have come to the conclusion that
the voting for said resolution was not giving
aid and comfort to the enemies of the United
Sates in the sense contemplated by the funda-
mental law. But the committee are. well
satisfied that if the vote on said resolutions
had been given after the policy of the Govern-
ment had been announced, that it was notonly
the right, but the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment to coerce a sovereign State into obedience
to the Federal Government, it would have been
giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the
United States.
The contestee alleges that his action on these
resolutions was in keeping with the position of
the Union party of the State of Kentucky. If
that had been the position of the Union party
north of Mason and Dixon's line, the confed
erate States would have achieved their inde-
pendence without much sacrifice of blood or
treasure. If resistance to the loyal men was
the Union platform in Kentucky, it was not so
t understood outside of the State, as Kentucky
furnished many regiments of troops for the
Federal Army, who did not resist the loyal men
of New York, Ohio, Maine, and Massachusetts,
but resisted the rebel troops under Breckinridge
and Buckner, whose commands in part were
composed of Kentuckians. While the com-
mittee believe that the voting for said resolu-
tions was not giving aid and comfort as contem-
plated by the law, they believe his subsequent
acts, after a state of war existed and the policy
of the Federal Government was announced and
well understood by all, did give aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the United States. The
testimony all goes to show that he was a seces-
sionist. His influence, from the time he gave
the vote on said resolutions up to his capture,
was on the side of the rebellion. When the
rebel army was driven from Kentucky to Vir-
ginia, he came oat before it, and returned when
it returned, and was captured near the rebel
army, and stated when he was captured that he
had authority to recruit for the rebel service.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I would not make any
statement for the purpose of putting a parti-
cle of coloring upon the testimony. All I
desire is to present the facts as they are pre-
sented by the witnesses who have testified in
this case. Colonel Dils, a witness for the con-
testant, is a man of high character, as shown
by the record, a merchant in the town in which
Mr. Rice had resided, a warm and intimate
personal friend of Mr. Rice, the man who
when Mr. Rice was arrested went bail for his
appearance at the Federal court. He swears
that Mr. Rice told him that when he was cap-
tured in Kentucky, after Marshall's army had
gone back into that State, he had authority to
recruit for the rebel army, that he was then on
his way to recruit, and that, in the language of
another witness, if he had been searched the
papers authorizing him to recruit would have
been found upon his person; that if General
Gaefield had known the fact he would have
sent him to prison; that he (Mr. Rice) de-
stroyed those papers on the first opportunity
after his capture.
These are the facts as testified by the wit-
nesses in this case. If it was giving aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the United States for a
man to receive authority to recruit and to be
on bis way for the purpose of recruiting for the
rebel service then Mr. Rice is disqualified
under the third section of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. As evidence of Mr. Rice's feelings
toward the Government of the United States
let me read from the testimony of Colonel
Dils:
"Queition. Was Hon. John M.Rice, Representa-
tive-elcct from the ninth congressional district of
Kentucky to the Forty-First Congrets of the United
States, armed when in Piketon, Pike county, Ken-
tucky, in October, 1861, and while the I own was occu-
pied by the rebel forces? Did he, in the month of
October, 1801, buy a gun? If so, for what purpose did
he say he bought the gun ? Did he name the gun?
If so, what did he call it ?
"Answer. X saw John M. Hice with a side-arm, I
think a pistol, at that time. I do not recollect dis-
tinctly seeing him with a guni at that time. Isold
Mr. Rice a nlle gun in the month of May, I think,
1801. Mr. Rice spoke of it to me afterward of being
well pleased with the gun, and called it his Yankee-
"Question. State if you have any knowledge that
Hon. John M. Rice was in any way connected with
the rebel army, either in the years 1861 or 1862; if so.
state all you know about his connection with the
army, and how you derived your information. Did
he have any office in the army?
"Answer. All I know of Mr. Rice holding any po-
sition, or acting with the confederate army, is from
what ho told me himself. Mr. Rice told mc, in the
year 1862, afterl wenthis bail in abond at Louisville,
Kentucky,for his appearance before the United States
court, that he was veiy lucky when ho was captured
by the Union forces near Hatches, lloyd county,
Kentucky, for if the boys had searched him they
would have found his commission and recruiting
papers; but they did not do so, and ho destroyed them
the first opportunity he got. He also said if General
Garfield had got those papers he was satisfied he
would have been sent off to some prison.
' Question. Is it not a fact thatHon. John M. Rico,
Representative-elect from the ninth congressional
district of "Kentucky to the Forty-First Congress of
the United States, in the year 1861 was a man of
influence, and at that time was an open advocate of
the southern confederacy andthe then existingrebei-
lion against the United States ?
"Ansioer. Mr. John M. Rice was anlan of promi-
nence then and now, and a warm advocate of the
southern cause m the years 1861 and 1862.
"Question. State it you know that Hon. John M.
Rice had any correspondence with the rebel author-
ities at Richmond, Virginia, in the year 1861?
"Answer. There was a letter read in my behalf ly
JudgeBraxton, I think, written by Mr. Rice, which!
knew nothing of until Iwas broughtbefore thej'udge
out of Libby prison, in Richmond, Virginia, for trial
or examination. Toe purport of the letter was stating
the facts about my arrest that caused me to be sent
to pri-on by Colonel Williams, and the object was to
have justice done me in the matter, so that I might
he released.
"Question. Was it not a warm advocacy of your
release from the terrible Libby prison ; and was not
the same carried there by your wife, and had it not
the desired object?
"Answer. I do not know how the letter came to
Richmond—whether my wife brought it or whom;
my wife was there, and J udge Braxton seemed to pay
a great deal of attention to the purport of Mr. Rice's
letter; the letter advocated warmly in favor of my
release.
"Question. What was you arrested for and impris-
oned in Libby; was it notfor your known opposition
to the confederacy and a Union man; and had you
not taken warm part in the Union cause at the time
of arrest, and your position well known ?
"Answer. I do not know for what particular cause
of my arrest; I know that I was at that time and
am now a warm friend and advocate of the Union.
Colonel Williams wrote to Judge Braxton that I was
adangerous Union man, the most dangerous and
influential he found in the mountains of Kentucky."
I read this, Mr. Speaker, to show that when
Colonel Dils was arrested and taken to Libby
prison by the rebels, Mr. Rice wrote a letter in
his behalf, which I have no doubt from the
evidence procured the release of Colonel Dils.
The latter had nothing but the kindest feelings
toward Mr. Rice, and when Mr. Rice was in
turn arrested and taken before a Federal court
at Louisville Colonel Dils, his neighbor and
personal friend, went to the city of Louisville
and went bail for his appearance. Then it was
that Mr. Rice told him that it was fortunate for
him that he was not searched, because if he
had been papers would have been found on his
person showing that he had authority to recruit
for the rebel service, and was on his way to do
so at the time of his capture.
The evidence shows another fact; that Mr.
Rice fled from the Union Army. If he was a
friend of the Government of the United States,
if he had not been giving aid and comfort to
the enemies of the United States, why did he
get out of the way when the Federal Army
came into his own neighborhood ? An effort
is made in the testimony to show that he did
this for his own personal safety, cot because he
had committed any act of hostility to the Fed-
eral Government; that his leaving his own
State and going into Virginia at the approach
of the United States forces was not because he
had given any aid or comfort to the enemy.
Why, Mr. Speaker, if he was a friend to the
Union, if he was not giving aid and comfort to
the rebel enemy, instead of fleeing when the
rebel army approached the country where he
lived he would have gone out to meet the Fed-
eral Army as all the Union men did.
The proof further shows that he alleges that
he got of the way for fear of being arrested and
held as a hostage. That evidence is in this
record. He did not leave the State for the pur-
pose of giving aid and comfort to the enemy,
but to prevent his being arrested and held as a
hostage. Now, sir, no person was held as a
hostage by the Federal Army who was not un-
friendly to the Union cause. No citizen was
arrested by the Federal Army who was at home
quietly attending to his business and not giving
aid and comfort to the rebel army. No quiet,
peaceful citizen was arrested or harassed by
any Federal officer unless he believed that he
was a dangerous citizen, or had something to
base his action on that the person arrested was
aiding and abetting the enemy and was a source
of danger to the Federal Army and the cause
of the Union.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to Mr, Rice's giving
