1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65 S
Laws of the United States.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained shall be so con-
strued as in any manner to release the said
bank from any liability or affect any action or
proceeding in law in which the said bank may
1)C a party or interested. And when such
change shall have been determined upon as
aforesaid, notice thereof and of such change
shall be published in at least two weekly news-
papers in each of the counties of Delaware and
Orange, in the State of New York, for not less
than four successive weeks.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That this
act shall take effect and be in force from and
after its passage.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to change the Time
for holding the Circuit and District Courts
of the United States for the District of Wis-
consin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cony) ess assembled, That the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States in the district
of Wisconsin shall commence at the city of
Milwaukee on the first Monday of April, and
on the second Monday of October, in each
year, and on the fourth Monday of June, in
each year, in the city of Madison.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
special terms of said court may be ordered and
held, by the judges of said courts, respectively,
at either the city of Milwaukee or the city of
Madison, as business may require ; and that
a venire may issue for a grand or petit jury, to
attend any such special term: Provided, That
no special term of the circuit court shall be
called without the concurrence of the circuit
judge.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
recognizances, indictments, writs, process, and
other proceedings, civil and criminal, now
pending in either of said courts, shall be
entered, heard, and tried at the times for
holding said courts respectively, as herein
provided.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That this
act shall take effect and be in force from and
after the first day of June, eighteen hundred
and seventy, and all acts and parts of acts
authorizing the holding of stated or special
terms of either of said courts be, and hereby
are, repealed.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
Chap. LXXXIV.— An Act to create Addi-
tional Land Districts in the Territory of
Dakota, to be called the Springfield and
Pembina Districts.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President oi the
United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to establish additional land districts in
the Territory of Dakota, which districts shall
be respectively bounded as follows, viz: com-
mencing on the Missouri river, it the inter-
section of the line between ranges fifty-seven
and fifty-eight west; thence north with said
range line to the intersection of the line between
townships one hundred and twenty and one
hundred and twenty-one north; thence west
on said township line to the west line of the
Territory; thence down said line to the south-
ern line of the Territory ; thence east to the
place of beginning. Said district, as above
bounded, shall be known and designated as
the Springfield district; and the office of said
district shall be located at the town of Spring-
field. or such place as thePresident shall direct
m the Territory of Dakota; that portion of the
Territory bounded as follows, viz: on the east
by the western boundary of the State of Min-
nesota ; on the south by the line between town-
ships one hundred and twenty and one hun-
dred and twenty-one north; on the west by
the west line of the Territory ; and on the
north by the forty-ninth degree of north lati-
tude, which districtshall be known as the Pem-
bina district; and the office of said district
shall be located at the town of Pembina, or at
such place as the President shall direct in said
Territory; and the President of the United
States shall have power to change the location
of said land offices, in said Territory, from
time to time, as the public interests may seem
to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
registers and receivers for said land districts,
who shall be required to reside at the site of
their respective offices, have the same power,
responsibilities, and emoluments, and be sub-
ject to the same acts and penalties which are
or may be prescribed by law in relation to
other land offices in said Territory.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
Chap. LXXXYII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled- "An Act providing for the Taking
of the Seventh and subsequent Censuses of
the United States, and to fix the Number of
the Members of the House of Representatives,
and to provide for their future Apportion-
ment among the several States," approved
May twenty-three, eighteen hundred and fifty.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time allowed for
transmitting the said [a] copy of the returns
of the assistant marshals to the Census Office is
hereby further limited so that the returns of
population upon schedule numbered one, in
the act of May twenty-three, eighteen hundred
and fifty, shall be sent to that office on or before
the tenth day of September next, and the com-
plete returns upon all the schedules annexed
to and made part of that act, excepting upon
the schedule therein designated as number two,
which schedule is hereby revoked, canceled,
and declared to be no longer a part of said act,
shall be forwarded to the Census Office before
the first day of October following: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Interior shall be
authorized to extend the time allowed for re-
turns on the schedules, other than those of
population, in any case where it shall appear
to him to be necessary: Provided, further.
That whenever, from the loss or destruction of
returns, or from causes beyond the control of
the officers charged with the enumeration, it
shall be shown to be impracticable to comply
with the requirements of this section, the Sec-
retary of the Interior is authorized to extend
the time allowed for rendering retnrns of popu-
lation, not beyond thefirstday of Octobernext.
Sec. '2. And he it further enacted, That the
penalty provided in the fifteenth section of
said act of May twenty-third, eighteen hundred
and fifty, shall apply to any refusal whatever
to answer either of the inquiries authorized by
said act.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That,each
assistant marshal or agent shall be paid for
making out and returning complete copies of
the original census returns, as required in the
eleventh section of the act to which this is a
supplement, eight cents for each page of the
two copies of the original census returns re-
quired by the said eleventh section.
Sec. 4. And be it f urther enacted, That the
oath to be taken by assistant marshals em-
ployed to take the census shall be the oath
required by the act of eighteen hundred and
fifty, of which this is an amendment.
Approved, May G, 1870.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act to authorize the
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company, or its assigns, to change the estab-
lished Line of said Road in the State of
N ebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Burlington and
Missouri River Railroad Company, or its
assigns, in the State of Nebraska, may so far
change the location of that portion of its line
that lies west of the city of Lincoln, in said
State, as shown by the map thereof now on
file in the General Land Office of the United
States, so as to secure a better and more prac-
ticable route, and to connect with the Union
Pacific railroad at or near the Fort Kearney
reservation, said new line to be located within
the limits of the land grant made by the Uni-
ted States to aid in its construction: Provided,
however, That said line shall not be located
further south than the so[u]thern boundary
line of township number seven, in said State,
and said change shall not impair the rights to,
nor change the location of the said land grant,
and the said company, or its assigns, shall re-
ceive no different or other or greater quantity
of land than if this act had not passed, and no
change had been made in the located line of
said railroad.
Approved, May 0, 1870.
Ciiap. LXXXIX.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to enforce Mechanics'
Liens on Buildings in the District ot' Co-
lumbia."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any sub-contractor,
journeyman, or laborer employed in the con-
struction or repairing of any building, or in
furnishing any materials or machinery for the
game, may give, at any time, the owner thereof
notice in writing, particularly setting forth the
amount of his claim and the service rendered,
for which his employer is indebted to him, and
that he holds the owner responsible for the
same, and the owner of the building shall be
liable for such claim, but not to exceed the
amount due from him to the employer at the
time of notice, or subsequently, which may
be recovered in an action.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any sub-contractor, journeyman, or
laborer shall recover any such claim from the
owner of the building, the same may be set off
by such owner in any action brought against
him by the person who otherwise would bo
entitled to recover the same under the con-
tract.
Appr.ovED, May 6, 1870.
Chap. XC.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to Incorporate the Freeduian's
Savings and Trust Company,'' approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the filth section of
the act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Freedman's Savings and Trust Company,''
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, be, and the same is hereby, amended
by adding thereto at the end thereof the words
following : "And to the extent of one half in
bonds or notes, secured by mortgage on real
estate in double the value of the loan ; and
the corporation is also authorized hereby to
hold and improve the real estate now owned
by it in the city of Washington, to wit: the
west half of lot number three ; all of lots four,
five, six, seven, and the south half of lot num-
