4500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
veyed. The cities are not all built. The sea lias not
given us all wo have a right to exact. Our country
is not finished. Until it. is finished he is not a wise
nor a sagacious man who assumes that the postal
service will pay for itself."
These are very sensible and practical re-
marks, made by an experienced and able offi-
cer. But the Postmaster General does not even
now profess by this "measure of affected re-
form" to make the Post Office Department pay
its own expenses. He proposes that an appro-
priation shall be made in stamps as a substi-
tute for franks, and not the total abolition of
franking. Now, sir, it seems to me that accord-
ing to the view of the Senator from Nevada, it
would be better, to make this bill a practical
one, to amend it and place in it such a pro-
vision for the furnishing and regulation of
stamps as may be proper. It can be done in
this bill, or by an amendment to it, much better
and more appropriately than by placing su<fih
a provision iu an appropriation bill. There
are a number of regulations and details which
ought to be incorporated in a bill of this char-
acter, and there ought to be some guards, if
possible, to prevent frauds. Perhaps it might
be necessary to curtail in some measure the
privilege of franking, all of which could be done
by an amendment of this bill, but which cannot
properly be done in an appropriation bill;
such a mode would be like keeping the promise
of reduction to the ear and breaking it to the
hope.
The idea of paying the postage of the De-
partments by taking money from the Treasury
is only to leave the general Treasury that much
less in funds ; and although it may have the
appearance of making the Post Office Depart-
ment pay its own expenses, it is only in appear-
ance ; it is not so in fact. The Treasury of the
United States is taxed for it, and I can sec no
reason why money should be taken from the
Treasury and paid to the Post Office Depart-
ment instead^ of stamps being furnished or
franking continued.
_ Mr. President, the true cause for the defi-
ciency in the revenues of this Department
arises from several considerations: first, the
reduction of postage ; second, the extent of our
country and the extended mail facilities, which
are extended to districts of country where the
population is sparse and the distances to bo
traveled are considerable. It also arises from
the agricultural employment of a large portion
of our people. We know that in agricultural
districts postage to any large amount is not
paid, and yet it is necessary that those sec-
tions of the country should have mail facilities.
It is, then, the reduction of postage, the extent
of country over which the mails have to be
carried,_ and the character of the population in
many districts that has caused the diminution
of postage, and which prevents the bringing
up the revenues of the Department to its ex-
penditures. The expenses of the Department
increase in a greater ratio than the revenues,
and this is owing to the reasons which I have
just stated. In 1862 Postmaster General Blair,
in his report, said in reference to this subject
of the diminution of the receipts from post-
age and the causes of it:
" During the first six years, with high rates prevail-
ing, both revenue and expenditures, with the excep-
tion of one year, wore nearly stationary and nearly
'equal. After the reduction of rate to five and ten
cents, the revenues fell off for three years, the
expenditures continuing about the same; but the
expenditures End mail facilities steadily increased
from 1849, and the revenues came up with them so far
that during the three years 1819,1850, and 1851, the
Department was self-sustaining, the only period
during the twenty-two years in which it proved so.
Ou the 1st of July, 1851, the three-cent prepaid rate
■went into operation. The revenues again fell off for
three years following; but the expenditures went on
largely increasing with the accompanying increase
of postal facilities, and continued to expand in a
greater ratio than the revenues during the remain-
ing period. There was also a steady and -largo in-
crease in the population and business of the coun-
try, for which due allowance should be made during
each period.
"So in England the cost of management has in-
creased, during the period since the reduction of
rates, from £756.999 in 1839, to £2,003,116 in 1861. The
gross revenue in 1839 was £2,390,763, and the net reve-
nue £1,063,764. The gross revenue in 1861, although
over one million pounds greater than in 1839, yielded
a net revenue less than in 1839 by oVer One hundred
thousand pounds.
"Thus, also, our deficiency under tho last yearef
high rates U8-15) was only S30.890 10, while in 1860, tho
last complete year before tho interruption of our
postal service, it amounted to $6,356,533 33, although
tho gross revenue was increased at the same time by
§1,288,225 51. The increase of postal revenue from
1845 to I860, exclusive of congressional grants", was
98.50 per cent., while tho increase of postal expendi-
tures ill tho same period was 2U.20 per cent."
Thus we see that as the postage has been
reduced, and population and mail facilities have
increased, deficiencies must necessarily exist. It
isnot because the representatives of the people
have a right to send papers and documents free
of postage to them, and receive communications
from them, not because of frauds upon the rev-
enue. Those aro not alleged by Postmaster
General Blair as the reasons; but he has stated
them truly and explicitly. The reasons which
existed then must continue to exist. The conn-
try is increasing in population, mail facilities
must continue to be extended, and the expense
mustnecessarily increase in a greater ratio than
the revenue. That is the experience of all the
Postmaster Generals who have managed the
Post Office Department. Whatever laws we may
pass in respect to the franking privilege cannot
control these great principles which regulate
the revenues and expenses of the Post Office
Department. They must continue as they have
continued. While the abolition of this privi-
lege will deprive the people of much of the
information which they have been accustomed
to receive, it will not enable the Department to
pay its expenses. This deficit will continue,
and the next report of the Postmaster General
will show it.
There is but one means by which the people
can ascertain the detailed operations of the
Government, and that i-3 through tho reports
which aro made to and the publications made
by Congress, it, is impossible for the local
press to do this. It has not the dimensions or
space to contain it, nor the capacity to furnish
the information which tho people desire and
which they ought to have.
I am sure there is not a member of the Sen-
ate who would not willingly and cheerfully
forego the labor and the toil of franking docu-
ments, and pay tho expense of his own postage.
The money which would be saved to each Sen-
ator by the abolition of this privilege, or rather
laborious and irksome employment, would be
perhaps three times as much as^iis private
postage, because of the expenses which he
necessarily incurs as incident to franking.
There is-an idea in the community—i know
it prevails to some extent—that, all t,he speeches
which are published and sent from Washing-
ton under frank arc paid for by the Govern-
ment ; that the printing which is done for mem-
bers of Congress is paid for by it, and that these
speeches cost nothing to those who deliver them
or who purchase and distribute them. Tins
is a great mistake, for porhajw each member of
Congress expends several hundred dollars at
each session'for the publication of speeches to
be forwarded to the people through the mails.
T do not believe that they desire that this mode
of being furnished with the opinions and views
of their Senators and Representatives and of
the acts of public men and the administration
of the Government should be discontinued.
1 say that the people ought to have this in-
formation, because ihey can obtain it in no
other way. What aro a few thousand dollars
or a few hundred thousand dollars to a Gov-
ernment like this? I have always understood
that intelligence was one of the foundations
of our Republic, and as we make the people
moreiutelligent we consolidate and strengthen
its very foundations.
I should much prefer to see the bill pro-
posed by the Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] adopted than that this bill should pass,
That Senator has produced a bill in many of
its features very important, and which com-
mends itself to the.consideration and judgment
of every meaxber of the body. But as the
country may not be prepared for the reduction
of postage to the smallest denomination of
coin, I would suggest that it be reduced to two
cents instead of one.
The Post Office Department is one of great
interest to the people. Judge Story in bis
Commentaries has made some appropriate
and eloquent remarks upon' the subject of this
Department. He says:
"The Post Office establishment has already become
one of tho most beneficent and useful establishments
under the national Government. It circulates intel-
ligence of a commercial, political, intellectual, and
private nature wilh incredible speed and regularity.
It thus administers iu a very high degree to the com-
fort, the interests, and tho necessities of persons iu
every rank and station of life. It brings the most
distant places and persons, as it were, in contact with
each other; and thus softens tho anxieties, increases
the enjoyments, and cheers tho solitude of millions
of hearts. It imparts anew influence and impulse
to private intercourse, and, by a wider diffusion of
knowledge, enables political rights and duties to bo
performed with more uniformity and sound judg-
ment. It is not less effective as an instrument of the
Government in its own operations."
By reducing postage, information and intelli-
gence are more freely and generally dissem-
inated ; business and social and friendly cor-
respondence increased. If we mean to retrench
expenses let us begin, for instance, iu the Army,
which consists of fifty-two thousand men. That
may be materially reduced, and the saving
would be considerable. In a speech in the
other House upon the subject of the saving to
the Government by the abolition of this frank-
ing privilege Mr. Dawes said :
"I suppose that he TthePostmaster General] ex-
pected to save £5,000,000 by making the Govern-
ment pay it? own postage ; i othcrwords, by taking
money out of one pocket and putting it into the other;
by appropriating money here to pay lor tho postage
of the Departments (ind the execulivo officers in the
discharge ot their duties. Wo were told yesterday that
t hat was the way it was understood, and I supposed
that wns the \v;r.. Anil, Mr. Chairman, I beg par-
don if tho absurdity of a proposition for the Govern-
ment to make ski,000,000 by ohaiging itself with its
own postage so pressed itsolf upon me in the heat of
debate that I was tempted, I confess a little out of
propriety, to indulge in the remarks I did about the
mathematics of such a proposition."
Again, speaking of the saving proposed by
the Secretary of the Navy of $2, 000,000 in the
article of coal, when the whole cost of the
article was only §l.r;0,000 a year, he says :
"Sir, that is an achievement of mathematics that
finds its parallel only in the attempt to save <5,000,-
000 by abolishing the franking privilege, when all
the paper bought by this Government and thirty
tetters a day to every member sent through the mails
at regular postage would pay less than §500,000."
Mr. President, I have drawn up a proposi-
tion to recommit this bill to the committee,
that it may at a very early day mature a meas-
ure which will meet with -the approbation of
the Senate.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maryland that the
pending motion to postpone has priority of a
motion to recommit; but the Senator can read
his proposition for information.
Mr. \ 1CKRRS. I will read it for the inform-
ation of the Senate, and with that I will con-
clude my remarks:
hill bo recommitted to the Committee on
t est, Unices and Post Bonds, with instrur-tio s to re-
!i0rna bill Wtiich shall contain provisions -• i secure
toe j. Oinoe Department against fiauds an 1 abuses,
while it snail secure to those who are now entitled
to tho Iran king privilege the reasonable exercise of
it or a Lub-itil.ule lor it; and to iaqun-e into the pro-
pi-K-ly ot M-oviding in tho same bill for restricting
tae tiee receipt ot letters, papers, and documents to
.-ucii a:- ill'.y no on o^iciai business, except petitions
to Cun '-i ess - andwncthur the franking privilege eon
oe cui'taiicd anu postage reduced without detriment
to the public service.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, 1 was
called out of the Senate Chamber a few min-
utes ago, and when I went oat the Senator
iiom \\ iscoasin [Mr. was speaking on
this bill; and as 1 passed out of the Chamber
1 heard him say that if the. object of this frank-
ing privilege was to enable us to be school-
