654
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 6,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ber eight, in square number two hundred and
twenty-one, as laid out and recorded iji the
original plats or plan of said city: Provided,
That said corporation shall not use the prin-
cipal of any deposits made with it for the pur-
pose of such improvement."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
Congress shall have the right to alter or repeal
this amendment at any time.
Approved, May 0, 1870.
Chap. XCI.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to establish in the District of
Columbia a House of Correction for Boys,"
approved July twenty-five, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the board of trustees
of the house of correction, which shall here-
after be known and designated as the Reform
School of the District of Columbia, may, at
their discretion, receive, take, and keep in
their exclusive care, control, and custody:
First, any boys under the age of sixteen years
•who shall or may be liable to punishment by
imprisonment under any existing law of the
District of Columbia, or any law that may be
enacted and in force in said District. Second,
any boy under sixteen years of age, with the
consent of his parent or guardian, against
whom any charge of committing any crime or
misdemeanor shall have been made, the pun-
ishment of which, on conviction, would bo
confinement in jail or prison. Third, any boy
under sixteen years of age who is destitute of
a suitable home and adequate means of obtain-
ing an honest living, or who is in danger of
being brought up, or is brought up, to lead an
idle and vicious life. Fourth, any boy under
sixteen years of age who is incorrigible or
habitually disregards the commands of his
parents, father or mother, or guardians; or
who resorts to immoral places or practices ;
or who neglects or refuses at the request or
command of his parents, father or mother, or
guardian, to perform labor suitable to his years
and condition, or to attend school.
Sec. "i. Andbeitfurther enacted, That when-
ever any boy under the age of sixteen years
ahull be brought, before any court of record of
the District of Columbia, or any judge of such
court, and shall be convicted of any crime or
misdemeanor punishable by imprisonment,
other than imprisonment for life, such court or
judge, in lieu of sentencing such boy to im-
prisonment ill the county jail, may, with the
consent of such boy or his parent or guardian,
suspend the sentence of punishment in the
case, and commit the said boy to the care,
control, and custody of the said trustees, to
be taken to the said reform school, to remain
until he shall arrive at the age of twenty-one
years, unless sooner discharged by the board
of trustees. And in all cases where a boy,
under the age of sixteen years, shall be brought,
before any such court or judge upon the charge
of crime or misdemeanor, when the accusation
against him is deemed supported by evidence
sufficient to put him on trial, such court or
judge shall have full power to stay all proceed-
ings in the case, and to commit him, in like
manner, for such period as such court or judge
may determine, but not less than six months.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
mayors of the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the president of the levy court of
the District of Columbia, respectively, shall
have full power to commit to the care, control,
and custody of the board of trustees of said
reform school, with the consent, and at the
proper expense, of his parent or guardian, for
such term as the board of trustees may determ-
ine, any boy such as is described in the third
and fourth clauses of section one of this act.
And the members of the said board of trustees
shall, also, individually, have the same power
as is herein given to the mayors of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and the president of the
levy court.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
thirteenth section of the act above mentioned
be amended by inserting " a sum not exceed-
ing one dollar and a half per week," in the
place of the words " fifty cents."
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
case any boy shall be committed to the care
and control of the board of trustees, for the
benefits of the reform school, by either of the
mayors aforesaid, the president of the levy
court, or either of the trustees, as before pro-
vided, the said board of trustees may, if they
deem it proper, require security to be given to
them by the parent or guardian of any boy so
committed, for the payment of the expense of
maintaining such boy in the said school, for
such period as he may remain there. And in
all cases a statement of the age of the boy
committed to the care of the board of trustees,
together with the reason for such commitment,
shall be furnished at the time of the commit-
ment of each boy, to be delivered to the said
board; and until such statement shall be so
delivered the trustees may decline to receive
such boy. No commitment shall remain in
force longer than until the committed shall
have become fully reformed, nor after he shall
have attained the age of twenty-one years.
But the said board shall have power to dis-
charge any boy from their custody by an order
duly entered on the records, whenever they
shall deem the object of committing him fully
attained. The trustees shall have full power to
place any boy, committed as herein described,
during his minority, at such employment for
or on account of said School of Reform or
otherwise, and cause him to be instructed in
such branches of useful knowledge as may be
suitable to his years and capacity, and as they,
the said trustees, may see fit; and they may,
with the consent of any such boy, bind him
out as an apprentice during his minority to learn
such proper trade and employment as in their
judgment will be most conducive to his reform-
ation and amendment, and as will tend to his
future benefit; and the said trustees shall, for
such purpose, have power to appoint a com-
mittee of one or more of thoir number with
power to execute and deliver, on behalf of the
said board of trustees, indenturesof apprentice-
ship for any boy whom they may deem a proper
person for an apprentice, and such indentures
shall have the same force and effect as other
indentures of apprenticeship under the laws
of the District of Columbia, and be filed and
kept among the records and in the office of
the said Reform School, and it shall not be
necessary to record or file them elsewhere.
Seo. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior shall cause so much
of the tract of land known as the Government
Farm, in the District of Columbia, as may not
be deemed necessary for the use of the aque-
duct. to be set oil" by metes and bounds, to the
board of trustees of the School of Reform, in
accordance with the provision of the first sec-
tion of the act of July twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, of whioh thin is an
amendment; and thereupon the said board of
trustees shall have exclusive possession and
control of such portion as shall be thus set off
to them.
Appkovep, May G, 1870.
CllAP. XCII.—An Act in relation to the Iowa
River in the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted bythe Senate and Mouse of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the Iowa
river, in the State of Iowa, as lies north of the
town of Wapello, be, and the same is hereby,
declared not a navigable river or public high-
way.
Approved, May 0, 1870.
Chap. XCIII.—-An Act, to extend the Time for
the completion of the Military Road from
Fort Wilkms, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the con-
struction and completion of the military road
from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the
State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin, be, and the
same is hereby, extended until the first day
of January, one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-two.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That all
the grants, rights, and privileges contained in
the original grant be continued in full force
and virtue for said time.
Approved, May 6, 1870.
Chap. XCIY.—An Act to fix the Point of
Junction of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and the Central Pacific Railroad
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the common term-
inus and point of junction of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company and the Central Pacific
Railroad Company shall be definitely fixed
and established on the line of railroad as now
located and constructed, northwest of the sta-
tion at Ogden, and within the limits of the
sections of land hereinafter mentioned, viz:
section thirty-six of township seven, of range
two, situate north and west of the principal
meridian and base line in the Territory of
Utah, and sections twenty-five, twenty six,
and thirty-five of township seven, of range
two, and section six of township six, and sec-
tions thirty and thirty-one of township seven,
of range one, and sections one and two of
township six, of range two, all situate north
and west of said principal meridian and base
line; and said companies are hereby authorized
to enter upon, use, and possess said sections,
which are hereby granted to them in equal
shares, with the same rights, privileges, and
obligations now by law provided with reference
to other lands granted to said railroads: Pro-
vided, however, That the Secretary of the In-
terior shall designate a section of land in said
township severi, of range two, belonging to
said companies, and reserve the same for the
benefit of s'chools in said Territory, in accord-
ance with the act of February twenty-ono,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, establishing
the office of surveyor general of Utah, and to
grant land for school and university purposes:
Provided also, That said companies shall pay
for any additional lands acquired by this act
at the rate of two dollars and fifty cents an
acre: And provided farther, That no rights
of private persons shall be affected by this act.
Approved, May ti, 1870.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act to establish an
Additional Land District in the State ot
Kansas.
Be U enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That ail that portion of
the State of Kansas lying south of the fourth
standard parallel, and west of the east line of
range twelve, east of the sixth principal merid-
ian in said State, shall constitute an additional
land district, to be called the Arkansas district,
the location of the office for which shall be
