1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
Laws of the United States.
41st Cojtg....2d Sess.
designated by the President of the United
States, and shall by him, from time to time,
be changed as the public interests may seem
to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized,
whenever the public interests shall require, to
isfpoitiS, in accordance with existing laws au-
thorizing appointments to office, a register and
a receiver for the district hereby created, who
shall each be required to reside at the site of
the office for said district, have the same
powers, responsibilities, and emoluments, and
be subject to the same acts and penalties
which are or may be prescribed by law in
relation to other land officers of the United
States.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That all
sales and locations made at the offices of the
districts in which the lands embraced in this
district have hitherto been included, situated
within the limits of this district, which shall
bo valid and right in other respects, up to the
day on which the new office shall go into
operation, be, and the same are hereby, con-
firmed.
Approved, May 11, 1870.
Chap. CII.—'An Act limiting the Appointment
of certain Officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Be itenacted by tlic Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be, and is hereby, authorized
to appoint special agents, not exceeding fifty-
three in number, for the purpose of making
the examinations of the books, papers, and
accounts of collectors aud other officers of the
customs, required to be made pursuant to the
provisions of the twenty-first section of " An
act to regulate the collection of duties on im-
ports and tonnage," approved March second,
seventeen hundred and ninety-nine, and to be
employed generally, under the direction of
said Secretary, in the prevention and detec-
tion of frauds on the customs-revenue; and
the expense thereof shall be charged to the
"appropriation to defray the expense of col-
lecting the revenue from customs."
Sec. 2. And be itfurthei enacted, That said
special agents shall be divided into three classes:
the first class shall consist of nineteen agents,
two of whom shall each receive, in addition to
the expenses necessarily and actually incurred
by him, a compensation of ten dollars per day,
and seventeen of whom shall each receive, in
addition to expenses necessarily and actually
incurred by him, a compensation of eight dol-
lars per day ; the second class shall consist of
sixteen agents, each of whom shall receive, in
addition to expenses necessarily and actually
incurred by him, a compensation of six dollars
perday ; the third class shall consistof eighteen
agents, each of whom shall receive, in addition
1o expenses necessarily and actually incurred
by him, a compensation of five dollars per day ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to make such rules and regulations,
not inconsistent with law, for the government
of said special agents as he may deem expe-
dient and necessary : Provided, That no sum
shall be paid to any such agents for mileage,
cr any other expenses except such as are
actually incurred in the discharge of their offi-
cial duties.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
uresent number of special agents shall be re-
duced to fifty-three, and no special agent, in
addition to the number authorized by this
act, shall be hereafter appointed or employed
upon any business relating to the customs
revenue.
Approved, May 12, 1870.
Chap. CVI.— An Act, for the Relief of the
Widows and Orphans of the Officers, Sea-
men, and Marines of the United'States ves-
sel of war Oneida, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the widow or child
or children, and in case there be no widow or
child or children, then the parent or parents,
and if there be no parents, the brothers and
sisters of the officers, seamen, marines, and
others in service who were lost in the United
States vessel of war Oneida, on the twenty-
fourth day of January, eighteen hundred and
seventy, shall be entitled to and receive, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sum equal to twelve mouths'
sea pay of their respective deceased relations
aforesaid, in addition to the pay due to the said
deceased at the date of the loss of said vessel,
and the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department are hereby authorized to com-
pute said pay up to and including the said
twenty-fourth day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, the day upon which said
vessel was sunk in Yokohama bay, Japan ;
and the said accounting officers are hereby au-
thorized, in adjusting the accounts of such of
the officers who were lost onboard the Oneida
as were entitled by law or regulation to exam-
ination for promotion, to allow them the in-
creased pay from the date they became entitled
to examination, and the Secretary of the Navy
is authorized to issue the commissions of those
who were confirmed by the Senate.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to settle upon the principles of justice and
equity the accounts of the officers, sailors,
marines, and others, including captain's clerk,
on board the said vessel of war Oneida-, and
to assume the last quarterly return of the pay-
master of said vessel as the basis of computa-
tion of the subsequentcredits to those on board
to the date of such loss, if there be no official
evidence to the contrary.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and are hereby, authorized and
directed to settle the accounts of Thomas L.
Tullock, junior, late paymaster in the Navy,
who was lost in the said vessel of war Oneida,
with all his accounts and vouchers, for ex-
penditures and payments made by him, and
with all the money, stores, and supplies, pro-
cured for the use of said vessel, and to allow
him a credit for whatever sum appears to be
due from him on the books of the Department.
Approved, May 18, 1870.
Chap. CVIIL— An Act to Incorporate the
Washington Market Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Thomas Berry, D.
W. Bliss, Henry D. Cooke, William B. Todd,
Peter Gardner, Henry S. Davis, George W.
Riggs, Byron G. Daniels, M. G. Emery, I< red-
erick P. Stanton, Thomas C. Connolly, 8. P.
Brown, John S. Crocker, Alexander K. Shep-
herd, William Clark. Hailett Kilbourn, John
R. Elvans, B. F. French, C. H. Michner.
James L. Barbour, I. 1'. Mitchell, T. T. Fow-
ler, T. H. Alexander, J. W. Angus, W. W.
Rapley, and Thomas Lewis, their successors,
and each of their assigns, be, and they are
hereby, created a body corporate and politic,
by the name andstyle of the Washington Mar-
ket Company, and by that name shall have
perpetual succession, and shall be able to sue
and be sued, to plead and be impleaded, to
defend aud be defended, in all courts of law
and equity ; and may make and use a common
seal, ordain and establish such by-laws, ordin-
ances, and. regulations, not inconsistent with
this act or of the laws of the United States, as
may be necessary and proper for the manage-
ment of the concerns of said company. Said
company shall have power to issue and sell
bonds, or to borrow money and execute mort-
gages and deeds of trust upon its property and
franchise.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That said'
company is hereby authorized and empowered
to locate and construct a suitable building or
buildings upon the following described grounds,
namely: commencing at the intersection of the
center line of B street north, with the west line
of Seventh street west, running thence north
along the west side of Seventh street to the
southerly side of Pennsylvania avenue; thence
westerly along the southerly side of Pennsyl-
vania avenue to the southerly side of Louisiana
avenue; thence westerly along the southerly
side of Louisiana avenue to the east side of
Ninth street west; thence along the east line
ofNinth street to the center line of B street;
thence along the center line of B street to the
place of beginning; and to use and occupy the
same by the erection of a suitable building or
buildings for a public market-house, including
the necessary stalls and sheds, and also for
stores, public halls, and such other purposes
as may be determined by said company, not
inconsistent with its use as a public market.
The buildings herein designated to be used for
the purposes of a market shall be used for no
other purpose inconsistent therewith, but the
same shall remain i public market as herein-
before described. And the said company shall,
whenever any part or j srts of said buildings,
stalls, stands, and soioKh, for market pur-
poses are ready for use or occupancy, offer
the same for sale at public auction for one or
more years, to the highest bidder or bidders,
subject to the payment of an annual rent, the
amount of which to be fixed by the mayor and
common councilof thecity of Washington aud
the directors of this incorporation, and public
notice shall be given of the day of said sale m
two or more daily newspapers published in the
city of Washington, for two weeks previous to
said sale, and by handbills to be posted up in
said market grounds, ten days previous there-
to ; and all subsequent sales and leases thereof
shall be made on similar notice and in the
same manner; and the said company shall
have full power to assess and collect rents for
the use of said buildings, stands, stalls, and
grounds aforesaid. The stalls, stands, and
privileges of all kinds in said market to be
used for market purposes, when offered at pub-
lie sale, shall be let to the highest bidder, and
there shall be no bidding on the part of said
company, directly or indirectly; but said com-
pany with the consent of the mayor and alder-
men of the city of Washington, may fix a min-
imum rate of bids at such sale; and the person
who shall offer the highest price at or beyond
such minimum for any such stand, stall, or
privilege, shall be entitled to the occupation
thereof, and shall be considered as having the
good-will and therightto retain the possession
thereof so long as he chooses to occupy the
same for his own business and pay the rent
therefor; and the rent shall only be raised on
application to the mayor and common council,
who, after hearing the parties, may change and
determine the same: Provided, however, That
such right to the possession of such stands or
stalls may be sold and transferred by such pur-
chaser, under regulations to be fixed by the
by-laws of said company, and in the case of
the death of any such purchaser during the
existence of his lease, it shall be disposed of
as other personal property ; and the municipal
government of said city shall at all times have
power to make and enforce such regulations
