1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
State would affect the act. My belief is that the
true principle of the Constitution is that the
exclusion of a single State, much less of ten or
eleven, would vitiate the action of Congress in
relation to the submitting of amendments of
the Constitution to the States.
Sir, that is the grave, the fundamental, the
radical, the immovable objection in my mind
to the validity of this fifteenth amendment and
of the other so-called amendments of the Con-
stitution which have been proposed within the
last five or six years. When States, even
though they have been in rebellion, have sub-
mitted to the Constitution and authority of the
United States, have grounded their arms, have
made their submission and elected their Sen-
ators and Representatives and sent them here
for admission into the two Houses of Congress,
1 take it that Congress cannot keep them ex-
cluded from their representation in the two
Houses and legitimately propose amendments
to the Constitution.
Sir, this is an objection in relation to these
amendments that cannot be removed. The
people of America are not in a temper now to
hear, they will not hear now; but time with
its wisdom and with its lessons will bring the
people of the United States to have this ques-
tion made in proper form and to have it decided
with all due solemnity with the sanctions of
the Constitution and of the majority of the
people acting in the execution of that Consti-
tution. And whenever such a hearing of this
question can be obtained, in my judgment, the
great forum of the American people, the only
sovereign power in this nation, will by its ap-
propriate officers and representatives hear and
decide this great question, and will determine
that in the absence, forcible, involuntary, of
Senators and Representatives from ten or eleven
States of the Union, it was not competent for
the residue of the Senators and Representa-
tives to submit amendments to the Constitu-
tion, and that all their acts in that respect are
to bo regarded as utterlf^Poid and of no effect.
I, therefore, with great respect to the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, and after a delib-
erate and respectful consideration of his amend-
ment and of what would be its effects in all the
aspects of the subject which have presented
themselves to my mind, will vote against the
amendment; but I am profoundly indifferent
whether the Senate adopts it or rejects it.
Mr. DRAKE. It is very evident, Mr. Pres-
ident, after the discussion this amendment has
received, that there is but one single objec-
tion urged to it which would prevent any Sen-
ator on this floor from voting for it who de-
sires that the fifteenth amendment should be
adopted, and that'objection is that the adoption
of this amendment would be an admission of
the legality of a rescission by the Legislature
of Virginia of its previous ratification of the
fifteenth amendment. I should be very glad if
in attempting to reply to this objection I could
have the attention of my honorable friend from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and my honorable
friend from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] whose
position upon tin's subject surprised me very
much. I think I can show in a very few words
that they have taken an erroneous view of this
point.
The addition of my amendment to the joint
resolution, so far from being an admission of
the legality of a rescission by a State of its rati-
fication of a constitutional amendment, is the
direct opposite. It is in effect a prohibition of
any such action on the part of the Legislature;
and I need not tell two such lawyers as they
that every prohibition makes the thing prohib-
ited illegal. The implication here, so far from
being that the a£t would be legal, is an impli-
cation directly the other way, that it would be
illegal; and the purpose of the amendment is
that the Legislature shall not attempt to do this
illegal act, and thereby complicate matters
connected with the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment; and that is the whole thing. We
do not propose to prohibit a lawful act. We
propose to prohibit an act which by the terms
of the prohibition is made unlawful.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Is it not very ordinary in
legislation to prohibit things from being done
and make them illegal that otherwise would be
legal ?
Mr. DRAKE. It may be.
Mr. CONKLING-. It is not a question of
legality, but a question of power.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; there it is. The
Senator from New York says it is not a ques-
tion of legality here, it is a question of power.
Now, sir, if the view that I have taken be cor-
rect, that the adoption of this amendment in
effect prohibits the doing of an act and thereby
makes the act illegal, then the objection made
by the honorable Senators from Illinois and
Michigan and Oregon is done away with, and
we are turned back upon the objection made
by the Senator from New York as to power.
The question of power is an old one in con-
nection with the insurgent States. The Senator
from New York has stood in official connection
with those questions of power, either at the
other end of the Capitol or this,during the whole
period of reconstruction ; and now at this late
day, after we have legislated year after year
upon reconstruction, and with his votes given
for the reconstruction acts, he casts a cloud of
doubt over the validity of all that we have done.
Well, sir, if it is, indeed, to the mind of the
Senator from New York so doubtful whether
what we have done will stand the test, why
should he have voted for those measures? I
do not understand this thing, I do not com-
prehend it, that I, who have been here for nearly
three years a participant in the legislation on
this subject of reconstruction, should find the
very men who have voted with me declaring
to the country and the world the doubtfulness
of the validity of our legislation.
Mr. CONKLINGr. 'I hope the honorable
Senator has not understood me to express any
doubts of the kind he intimates.
Mr. DRAKE. I certainly did understand
the honorable Senator so.
Mr. CONKLING. Without being altogether
responsible for the understanding of the Sen-
ator, I beg to say I have expressed no such
doubt.
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps that would be a
larger responsibility than the honorable Sen-
ator from Mew York might deem it expedient
to take upon himself.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree to thatentirely.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
New York talked about fundamental condi-
tions as things that had been talked about here-
tofore, and lie did, as I understood him, ex-
press this idea: that when they come to be
tested it might be doubted what would be their
efficacy. If I ara wrong the honorable Sen-
ator will correct me.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, I will say that he is quite
right in that I did say that, and I say now,
should it turn out that the fundamental condi-
tions which have been talked about or imposed
are or are not wholly nugatory, it will not
affect, in my judgment, even in the estimation
of a hair, any essential or useful part of the
legislation known as the reconstruction meas-
ures.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I do not pereeive why
there should be this expression of doubtful-
ness here on the part of one of the Senators
who himself was a part of that legislation.
Sir, I have no doubt on this subject myself. I
am troubled with no doubts with regard to the
accuracy and efficiency of what Congress has
done. There are some things about this whole
business which I confess myself at a loss to
see to the bottom of—this letting go of our
firm hold upon one of the principal and most
nefarious of the rebel States ; this disposition to
slacken the hold that we have had upon those
communities heretofore; and that this disposi-
tion should be manifested, too, upon this side
of the Chamber only, our Democratic friends
on the other side sitting by with perfect com-
placency looking upon the differences of opin-
ion that arise and are expressed here between
their Republican associates. Their equanimity
is beautiful, seeing that these differences all
take'fish into their nets.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Would he prohibit the
Democrats from looking on with complacency
at the doings of himself and his brethren?
Would he be so tyrannical as to deprive us of
that poor privilege ? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. All I have to say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware is that I am not so tyran-
nical as to take away small- comforts from my
Democratic friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if he holds that it is necessary
for a man, in order to be a good Republican,
to support every proposition that he himself
makes in the Senate ?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir, I do not; but I
think it is a pretty good test of whether a man
is a true Republican to know whether he stands
up to his own measures as a Republican. That
is the point. When I have voted in favor of
imposing fundamental conditions upon rebel
States I will abstain from proclaiming to the
world the doubtfulness of the validity of those
fundamental conditions. Sir, we are going
back upon ourselves if we declare that we
have no right to impose these fundamental con-
ditions. We have imposed others. Did we do
it from conviction? Did we do it because we
believed it right, or did we do it simply from
the dictates of tyranny? If we did it for the
latter reason, then we are unworthy of onr
places here. I never did it on any such ground.
I did it because it was a necessity in dealing
with those rebel communities; and lam not
going back one hair's breadth from what I
have done heretofore, nor will I ever, under
any circumstances, admit for an instant the
doubtful constitutionality and validity of the
measures of reconstruction I have voted for
here.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Missouri if in any of the reconstruction
measures hitherto passed there has been any
condition put into those measures which was
to be fulfilled after the State was admitted to
her previous relations with the Union ? I ask
him if this is not the first proposition of that
kind which has been made, if this condition
is not one the fulfillment of which is to come
after the State stands in precisely the same
relation as every other State of the Union ?
Mr. DRAKE. It is a proposition to tie the
hands of that State so that it shall not do a
particular actafter itis admitted into the Union;
and, sir, this Government has repeatedly in
the history of the admission of States into the
Union done that very thing.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that it has done it in the case of Nebraska very
recently.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly, sir; done it time
and again, imposed fundamental conditions
under which the State came into the Union ;
and now we find them questioned upon the
floor of the Senate by the very men who voted
for the imposition of those fundamental condi-
tions. I do not comprehend why this should
be done. Are we to let go all our hold upon
these rebel States ? Are we going to back down
from what we have done before, or are we going
to stand up to it straight, firm, and true to the
end ? Shall we never learn that we are dealing
with communities who have..shown heretofore
the very height of perfidy in dealing with their
Government and country; and are we to expect
