1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4501
masters and educate the people he would send
all his speeches to his Democratic friends to
enlighten them. Last night the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] said he was in favor
of this bill because he would like the Demo-
crats to have an opportunity of printing their
speeches on the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I always listen to the
Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator from
Nevada with great interest. I trust that my con-
stituents, having afforded me the great pleasure
of sitting here and listening to them, of taking
advantage of their grace of manner as well as
their beauty of diction, it will be long before
they recall me from these Halls and deprive
me of that inestimable privilege. [Laughter.]
But, sir, in the ordinary course of human events
I may be taken away; and then what a consola-
tion in my declining years to be able to road
the beautifully-rounded periods of my friends
on the other side, to be enabled to lay down
those1' grand old masters whose footsteps sound
through the corridors of time" and take up
the speeches of the Senator from Nevada and
the Senator from Wisconsin, to console the
closing hours of my life. A happy retirement
passed in receiving tho3e valuable documents!
[Laughter. ] But, sir, I hope that I shall always
have two cents on hand to pay for the docu-
ment when it arrives ; and if I do not, perhaps
a grateful constituency may make some pro-
vision, so that I may console myself in my
declining years in that way without putting the
country to the enormous expense now imposed
upon it.
Mr. President, these petitions have come in
here as the great spontaneous outpourings of
an overburdened people. They come to Con-
gress praying you to abolish this enormity
which is pressing them. They poured in
their petitions day by day and hour by hour,
until the Senate had not time to receive them,
but had to make a general rule that they should
be handed in at- the Secretary's table without
the ceremony of presentation. The House of
Representatives passed this bill in hot haste
to please their constituents; and yet the Senate
seems to be inclined, not to kill it decently,
not to kill the measure promptly, not to vols
directly upon it, but to worry it to death, as a
dog would worry a cat; to make it die in
spasms, in fits. Can they not let it die decently?
Mr. President, remember that it was stated
last night by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Cakpentek] there were thirty-three thousand
people who had the franking privilege. Out
of that thirty-three thousand who have the
franking privilege how many of them are
Democrats ? There is not an office-holder who
is a Democrat. Nobody but members of the
House of Representatives and the Senate—
seventy-five Democrats—out of thirty-three
thousand franking officials, at the outside.
But, sir, why is it the people come here
to beg you to abolish the franking privilege ?
The Senator from Wisconsin tells us that he
has spent $300 out of his own pocket to send
Republican speeches all over the country, and
that $80,000 was spent in sending speeches
from Washington throughout the country. I
should like, as I said before, to pass my de-
clining years in readingthose speeches. But I
have an infatuated constituency. [Laughter.]
They have become sick, they are nauseated with
this stuff that has been, sent from Congress to
them under these thirty-three thousand franks,
and they hope and pray you to abolish it.
Their stomachs will stand no more of what has
been sent to them. [Laughter.] They have
asked you for a fish, and you have sent them a
serpent. -They have asked you for bread——
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator 
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no; do not interrupt.
Mr. STOCKTON. The country will never
know now how that sentence would have ended,
on account of the Senator's interruption.
[Laughter.] The Senate will never know;
posterity will never know ; you, Mr. President,
will never know; the world will never know
how that sentence would have terminated had
it not been for the unfortunate interruption of
the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator from New
Jersey when he scintillates on that side of the
Chamber will not confine it to that particular
region, but will allow us to hear him on this side.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, can you
imagine—perhaps some of you have witnessed
such scenes—a boat at sea with a shipwrecked
crew, and women and children on board. On
the third or fourth day the last drop is out of
the fresh-water. After a day or two a man
becomes insane and jumps overboard ; and
then another, unable to endure his agony any
longer, leans over the side and drinks the salt
water, and drinks his own destruction, driuks
poison at every drop he drains. Sir, that has
been the effect of the franking privilege on the
people. The people were athirst and they cried
out for relief, and you sent them, not pure
water, not what would quench their thirst, but
you sent them a nauseating draught that drove
them to delirium. Therefore, the people have
come here, with one voice, demanding that you
keep your medicine ; they want no more of it.
Mr. President, I remember wheh I was a boy,
reading I think in one of Walter Scott's histories,
of a torture invented in the Highlands for an
enemy, which has been considered by many as
one of the most severe that has ever been in-
flicted. The prisoner was let down into a deep
cavern and kept there for many days without
food, and when the craving of his hunger had
become most intense they let down a piece
of salt beef, which he seized and greedily
devoured. After a time, when thirst almost
choked him, they let down a cup, which he
seized with avidity, but the cup was found
empty. So have the people of this country
grasped at this yellow covered literature; so
have they seized this empty cup; and so have
they come here to Congress and said, "Abol-
ish the franking privilege; give us no more
documents; no more empty cups to tantalize
our thirst beyond endurance."
Sir, I shall cast my vote, heartily, freely,
and do all that in my power I fairly can, to
abolish it, because GongfesS is not the school-
master of the nation. The speeches and the
lessons that are scat out from Congress to tho
people do no good, but harm.
One would have thought that after this war
was over doctrines like those to be found in
the fifth -chapter of Matthew, the Sermon on
the Mount, would have gone out from Congress,
that peace was to be spread throughout the land;
that the doctrines of peace would have been
disseminated from out the North to the South
and all through the country. Oh, with what
joy would I have franked those documents 1
With what joy would the people have received
such documents! What a glorious name would
you have made for yourselves. Then Senators
would not have been seen rising in this Cham-
ber and saying ''my Democratic friend" or
"my Republican friend." We would have
been one party and one people in this country
from north to south, from ocean to ocean. But
no; that was not the spirit that prevailed; those
gentle words were not uttered; but in their
place "Rebel; " " traitor;" "such things will
never be forgotten." The fact that a civil war
existed, that men differed in their construction
of the Constitution, is overlooked altogether.
This is forgotten, but not the bitter phrases !
It is said that "the men who went out of this
Chamber violated their oaths, committed per-
jury ;" calling political offenses, for the purpose
of making an argument, by a name only found
in the criminal calendar. Such were the terms
and sueh were the speeches that have been sent
broadsast throughout this land, and hence the
people come to you and say, "Send us no more
of them ; no more Radical speeches.''
" No more on't. Hal, an thou lov st me,"
Nov/, Jir. President. 1 do not pretend to be
a prophet; I am as likely to be mistaken as
any other person; but I tell you, abolish or
do not abolish this franking privilege, and you
will find out that at the bottom of the signing
of these petitions was much more than the
Postmaster General and his diputies conceived,
much more than the arguments that have been
used in this Chamber seem to indicate; it was
the outspoken voice of the people who want no
more such talk as we have so often heard in
this Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] to postpone the further con-
sideration of the pending bill until the second
Monday of December next.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from Dela-
ware to give way for a motion for an executive
session. It is absolutely indispensable for the
public business. There are som,e confirma-
tions of officers reappointed where their terms
are about to expire which should be madfe,
for as the law now stands officers do not hold
over. Therefore I ask Senators to allow us a
short executive session, not with a view to
embarrass this bill, but to do necessary busi-
ness ; and I make that motion if the Senator
from Delaware will allow me.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us vote on the hill first.
We have half an hour or an hour before the
usual time for adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The doors can be opened
again.
Mr. RA MSEY. There is no evening session
for to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make that motion, if
my friend from Delaware will give way for that
purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has a recess
been ordered?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No recess has
been ordered to-day. This is not one of the
alternate days on which an evening session is
to be held.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
the Senator from Minnesota whether he intends
to have a session to-night?
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senate will stand by
me, I should like to sit tho bill out to-day and
dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware yield to allow the motion to be
made ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to prolong
this debate, and I think it is full time that a
vote should be taken upon this measure ; yet
at the same time, as I propose to vote against
this measure proposed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral in the shape in which it now stands, I
should like to give a few of my reasons for
doing so. I think I shall occupy probably
twenty minutes or half an hour ; not longer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the motion for
an executive session.
Mr. BAYARD. I think business will be
expedited by my proceeding now.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The floor is in
the possession of the Senator from Delaware,
and the motion cannot be made without his
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the Senator
to,yield for the purpose of a short executive
session.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 propose to go on now,
and get through what i have to say. I think it
will expedite business. I do not wish to make
a long speech, but simply to give my reasons
for opposing this measure in its present shape.
When we came here last December, there
had been a vacation of some six months, during
which time members of Congress had been at
home with their respective constituencies. I
had spent those months among the people whom
I in part represent here. Upon coming here in
December and receiving, as I did, large num-
bers of numerously signed petitions, and see-
ing other Senators receiving them in myriads
and shoals. I was amazed to think that so
