1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5445
that when his presence, his influence, his con-
versation and bearing, prevented men from
going into the rebel array who had already gone
into camp to form rebel companies and sent
them home, in numbers sufficient to have formed
a regiment in case they had remained, he has
done nothing to give aid and comfort to those
who were in hostility to the Government of the
United States; his influence has been directly
the reverse, and he is entitled to some respect
for that adverse influence which he exerted.
I now yield the floor for ten minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] before
whom he was examined at the time he was
under arrest.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not design
to say anything on this subject; I did not sup-
pose it would be necessary; but I have been
so much surprised at some of the points made
in this case that I feel it to be my duty to say
a word. As I understand it, there are two
grounds on which gentlemen supposed Mr.
Kiee ought to be unseated or declared ineligi-
ble. The first is that he was a member of the
Legislature of Kentucky and voted for some
resolutions denouncing the action of Ohio or
Massachusetts, or some other State, in tender-
ing men and money to the Government. The
date of that resolution was the 21st of January,
1861, nearly two mouths before the war began.
Now, if we can go back to the vote of persons
in the State Legislatures at that period we can
go back to the days of "fifty-four forty or
fight," or to any other date we please. I can-
not conceive how, by any possible stretch of
judicial jurisdiction, we can bring in any vote
which Mr. Ilice may have cast in the Kentucky
Legislature at the beginning of the rebellion
to oear upon his loyalty and his fitness to take
his seat m this House; and especially as Ken-
tucky never went out of the Union, was not a
rebel State, never was so regarded, and there-
fore did not come, in form at least, into the
catagorv of rebel States.
Mr. PETERS. That would take Horace
Greeley.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 'Some one near
me suggests that it would take a large number
of people of our own party and put them in
the ranks of ineligibles if that rule should
prevail.
The second and the only other point which
I will notice why this gentleman should be
declared ineligible is that at the time he was
arrested, in January, 1862, he is reported
to have told his captors that he had a rebel
commission in his pocket, and to have told
others that, he had been offered a rebel com-
mission. The concurrent testimony would be
that he had said that he had been offered a
commission, and also that he had a rebel com-
mission in his pocket.
Now, all I have to say about that is that Mr.
Rice was brought to my headquarters when I j
was in the command of the eastern district of
Kentucky. The men who brought him there
were not soldiers ; they were no part of my com-
mand, but were citizens who patriotically and
properly aided the Army in bringing before it
all persons they regarded as aiding the enemy.
When they came to me I asked them to give
me all the facts they had to state, all they knew
about Mr. Rice, what they had against him,
why he should be held as a prisoner, &c. After
a full statement, during_ which was present the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,]
thenalieutenant colonel and the actingcolonel
of the forty-second Ohio regiment of volunteers,
we found no reasonable ground on which we
could either send him away as a prisoner of
war or even to hold him in camp under arrest;
and on that examination and finding, merely
requiring him to give his pledge, his word of
honor that he would remain a peaceable citi-
zen, I granted him a safe-conduct to his home,
not far distant.
1 believe it is not alleged that Mr. Rice com-
mitted any act subsequent to that period that
brings him under the baa of the legislation on
that subject. It would bo very singular, in-
deed, that these men who had arrested him,
and to whom it is alleged that he said he had
a rebel commission in his pocket, should have
forgotten to have told me of it when they brought
him to my headquarters under arrest.
The gentleman in charge of this ease, the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] says
what stronger evidence can you have that Mr.
Rice gave aid and comfort to the rebels than
that he was tendered a commission in the rebel
army? I should say it would have been a little
stronger if he had accepted the commission and
served under it. It occurs to me that it would
have been a considerably stronger case if he
had done that.
Now, if we may constitutionally and lawfully
reject a man from a seat here because he is a
Democrat, I should be very happy, in a party
view, to rejectMr. Rice, who unfortunately does
not concur in our political views and opinions.
But when the fact is that our own Army found
no sufficient cause to hold him under arrest,
andwhen the rebel commander himself testifies,
as he does in the record before us, that he was
utterly disgusted with Mr. Rice because he
could not get him to help them ; that he tried
to get him to take a place on hi3 staff; that he
offered him as soft a place as he had for him;
and that Mr. Rice, for some reason or other,
would not take any stock in the rebel move-
ment, I should be astounded beyond measure
if this House under these circumstances should
unseat Mr. Rice. That is all I desire to say
upon this case.
Mr. BURR. I now yield to the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] for five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. This House the other day,
by a very decided expression of opinion, de-
termined that it would strictly construe the
rule that rendered any person ineligible for a
seat in this House for having given aid and
comfort to the rebellion; in other words, that
the rule which applies in the examination of
all criminal cases shall be applied upon this
floor. This is in the path of safety and justice.
Certainly a man should not be excluded from
membership here for a joke, for some light or
trivial remark. He should not be considered
as having incurred this great penalty unless he
is clearly proven to have done some act which
in itself gave aid and comfort to the rebellion.
Now, 1 undertake to say that if you look
through this record from beginning to end, as
I have endeavored to do, you will not find in
the testimony of any witness any fact which
goes to show that this man has rendered him-
self obnoxious either to the fourteenth amend-
ment or to the act prescribing a test-oath to be
taken by Congressmen as well as other officers
of the United States. The utmost that is pre;
tended to be proved as affecting the loyalty of
Mr. Rice is that once in a while, at long inter-
vals, he made some remark which the witnesses
admit may have been jocular; as, for instance,
the remark which he made at the time he was
going to take his seat in the Legislature of
Kentucky, or the remark he made on one
occasion when he was buying afire-arm, an act
harmless in itself, and one which I suppose
every member of this House has done at some
time or other, and without any idea of putting
himself in hostility to the Government.
I say there is no evidence in this case to
justify the majority of the committee in assum-
ing that the testimony in any part of it shows
that this gentleman committed any act of dis-
loyalty to the Government or gave aid or com-
fort to the rebellion. On the contrary, a fact
appearing prominently in the testimony—-ana
I challenge the attention of the House to il as
an exculpation of Mr. Iiice^ from the charge
of disloyalty—is that his influence was so
strongly given on the side of the Union that
whole companies of men who had organized
for the purpose of going into the rebellion re-
fused to do so, and afterward became hederal
soldiers, and fought upon our side, because,
as they said, such men as John M. Rice, John
M. Elliott, and others would not go into the
rebel service. So far from giving aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, the influence of his per-
sonal example was, as shown by this crowning
fact, thrown entirely on the side of the Union.
One of the charges against Mr. Rice is
founded npon the testimony of a Mr. Dils, who
seems to have been a very strong loyalist; and
the charge appears to be that Mr. Rice exerted
such influence as he may have had to secure
the release of this Union man, Mr. Dils, from
Libby prison. For the crime of having sought
to release a Union man from the horrors of a
rebel prison-pen Mr. Rice is to be excluded
from the American Congress 1
Another charge rests upon the testimony
of a Mr. Thornberry, (whose testimony is im-
peached by witness after witness,) who on his
own motion, without any authority, arrested
Mr. Rice when he was not engaged in any act
of hostility to the Government, and brought
him before General Garfield, commanding the
nearest post. Thornberry testifies that he was
told by Mr. Rice at the time of his arrest that
he had a rebel commission in his pocket, or
that he expected one in a short time. Yet,
when Thornberry was examined before Gen-
eral Garfield, and in the presence of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,] as to
his reasons for arresting Mr. Rice, he gave no
testimony of that kind, although the transac-
tion was then fresh in his mind. On the ex-
amination before those officers, who were zeal-
ous in the performance of their duty, Thorn-
berry made no mention of the matter which he
now retails after the lapse of years, that Mr.
Riee had or expected to receive a rebel com-
mission.
On the case as presented to him General
Garfield ordered the discharge of Mr. Rice
on his simple parole. If there had been such
evidence as Thornberry now gives Mr. Rice
would have been consigned to Fort Chase as a
rebel officer.
We have already admitted Mr. Riee; he has
taken the test-oath; and with this meager testi-
mony, with this absence of all testimony that
would have any weight before a petit jury trying
a man for larceny, I am not prepared to say that
Mr. Rice gave aid and comfort to the rebellion,
that consequently he is a perjured man. I will
not exclude him, and thereby brand him either
as a rebel or a perjurer, for the evidence does
not even raise a suspicion that he is either.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not sup-
pose that anything I can say will change the
views of any member of the House. But I
wish to call the attention of the House to a
point upon which I differ with a majority of
the committee—the question what, under the
Constitution, is the meaning of adhering to the
enemies of the country or giving them aid or
comfort.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 hope, in the first place,
the attention of the House will be given to this
particular point, whether they may agree with
me or not. They claim that this man is ex-
cluded under the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, by reason of having
given aid and comfort to our enemies. That
is the basis of the report. It is necessary first
to inquire what "aid and comfort" to our
enemies means before we come to any con-
clusion what the-testimony does prove. The
Constitution of the United States provides
that treason against this Governments, what?
It is levying war. Levying war is armed hos-
tility against the Government, made by an
organization. No one man can commit trea-
son. No one man can make war. This ques-
tion of war has been discussed often before in
reference to the rights of States and the rights
of communities. War must be made by an
organization. The organization, then, making
war against the Government during the kite
rebellion was the organization of the confed-
