18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65T
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d
or more, to associate themselves together by
articles in writing subscribed by them, whereby
they shall undertake and agree to accept the
franchise conferred by this act .and to perform
all the conditions therein imposed; said arti-
cles shall be recorded in the office of the regis-
ter for the city of Washington, and. thereupon
such associates shall become a body-corporate
and be invested with all the rights, privileges,
and immunities conferred by this act upon the
corporators named therein..
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
city government of Washington shall liavo the
right to hold and vise, under such rules and
regulations as the said corporation may pre-
scribe, the open space at the intersection of
Ohio and Louisiana avenues with Tenth and
Twelfth streets as a market for the purchase
and sale of the following articles, to wit: hay,
straw, oats, corn, corn-meal, seed of all kinds,
wood for sale from the wagon, cattle on the
hoof, swine on the hoof, country produce, sold
in quantities, from the wagon, and such other
bulky and coarse articles as the said corpora-
tion may designate. Arid from and after sixty
days from the passage of this act marketing of
the products named herein shall be excluded
from Pennsylvania and Louisiana avenues and
the sidewalks and pavements thereon.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts of the board of aldermen
and board of common council and of Congress,
inconsistent with this act, are herebyrepeated,
and that this act shall be deemed a public act,
pud shall take effect from and after its passage.
But Congress hereby reserves the right to legis-
late in respect to said property hereby granted,
and to amend or repeal this act.
specifications for washington city kakket
building.
_ Schedule.
Specifications of materials and workmanship
required in carrying out and completing the
improvements proposed to be made by the
Washington City Market Company, on Center
Market Space, at Washington, District of
Columbia, and more particularly within the
metes and bounds prescribed and enumerated
in the accompanying act.
The work to be executed according to the
annexed drawings, which are hereby made a
part of these specifications, and which con-
sist of—
1. An elevational view in perspective; 2.
Ground plans of first story; 3. Ground plans
of second story; 4. Ground plans of third
story; 5. Ground plans of fourth and fifth
stories, and sectional views, showing the inte-
rior arrangement of the main building, as well
as the open structures for market purposes, to
wit: 6. By a line running due east and west
through center of square; 7. By a line ruffning
due north and south through center of the
square; 8. By a line running transversely
through wings of main building^
The work mast be done also in accordance
with all working-plans and detail-sheets in
explanation of the above designs, such as the
architect may find necessary in order to give
full artistic effect to most substantial and per-
manent, structures.
description of tiib improvements.
A—Main Building on the Northern Front.
The northern or avenue front will be appro-
priated t.o an edifice which consists, as per
design, of projecting pavilions, with deep re-
turns on Seventh and Ninth streets. These are
five stories in height above the ground, exclu-
sive of the prominent Mansard roofs; further,
it consists of connecting: wings, four stories high
above ground, and having also Mausaid roofs.
The main part of this building will be eighty
feet in depth, exclusive of wide projections at
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 42.
center and at ends, toward the south, and of
light ornamental projections to the north.
The first story of this building is occupied by
Stores, and the upper, stories will contain all
the necessary and useful accommodations for
offices,- rooms, or other lawful purposes, the
servants' department of which is located in a
basement, which has also cellars for the stores,
and the necessary cold-air ducts, hot-air flues,
coils of steam-pipes, chambers and fixtures for
heating all the rooms and corridors of the
whole building with low-pressure steam gen-
erated in non-explosive boilers, walled in fire-
proof. Among the modern accommodations
are prominent separate elevators, with best
mechanical appliances for the conveyance of
persons and baggage to the different stories ;
liberal allowances for lobbies, public and pri-
vate parlors, reading-rooms, large and well-
ventilated modern public and private halls,
suites of rooms and single rooms, with com-
municating bath-rooms and alcoves, good-
sized plain rooms, spacious corridors, twelve
feet in width, easy and wide stairways in suffi-
cient number, which afford easy egress in case
of alarms ; further, large dust shafts through
the house; also speaking-tubes in all direc-
tions, electric bells and clocks.
The whole avenue front, as well as the fronts
of the pavilions, returned around their north-
ern corners on Seventh and Ninth streets, will
be faced with granite for entrance story, and
with marble or cut sandstone of equal style
and durability for upper stories up to the main
cornice. The ornamental and molded or carved
trimmings of the windows, and other details,
implying the art of the sculptor, will be con-
structed of metal. All the above cut-stone
and ornamental work to be backed with and
anchored to brick-work of proportiShale thick-
ness, consisting of best hard burnt bricks, laid
in cement mortar. The Mansard roofs will be
covered with ornamental slate laid to chaste
and tasty patterns; the roof of the cupola will
be covered in likewise with projecting ribs of
galvanized metal running np along the hips,
and the prominent parts of which are gilded.
The flat part of the Mansard roofs will receive
a metal covering, laid on English felt, the
scroll-work forming the crest-railings along the
upper edges of the French roofs ; and all sim-
ilar parts, whether purely constructive or dec-
orative, wherever they are exposed to the dc-
"structive agency of the elements, will be of
cast or wrought iron, and bronzed. The shell
of the building, respectively, the substanee-
and finish of its exterior being thus clearly
defined, we now proceed to specify the char-
acter and substance of construction and inte-
rior finish.
The foundations and cellar walls tobe started
upon two courses of blue-stones, of extra size,
well bedded on 1 he natural ground, and flushed
in solid with good cement mortar. All the
foundations to go down to solid natural ground,
and wherever this or its equivalent cannot be
obtained, recourse must be had to pile founda-
tions.
The basement and cellar walls will be built
with best blue-stone masonry, laid in cement
mortar ; the'floors of cellars and basement to
consist of a layer of concrete, consisting of
cement, brickbats, and broken stones in due
proportions and of a proportionate thickness
for the different purposes. The floors to be laid
upon this substratum of cement will consist
of bricks, pure cement, or wooden flooring, as
the considerations of safety, health, and com-
fort of the occupants will require.
The ceiling of the cellar, or, rather, floor of
the entrance story, will be constructed fire-
proof, of rolled iron beams with intermediate
brick arches wherever any remote danger may
be apprehended, but those sections between
the stores and their cellars will be laid with
wooden joists, the intervals between which will
be counter-ceiled and filled in with .a layer of
hair-mortar two inches thick. All the wooden
floors of the building which separate the upper
stories will be constructed with these same pre-
cautions against the progress or communica-
tion of fire from one story to another.
The floors of lobby and private eufcrances to
the upper stories will be laid with encaustic
English tile, and the rest oftlieflo.ors of this
and the upper stories of best narrow North
Carolina pine.
All the principal partitions of entrance story
to be constructed of brick work.
The fronts of the stores to consist mainly of
French plate glass of first quality, set in hard-
wood finish.
The upper stories will be divided off by what
externally shows as pavilions, into fire-proof
compartments formed by substantial brick par-
tition walls; but the minor subdivisions will
be formed by studded partitions, thoroughly
bridged and trussed where necessary, all plas-
tered in three-coat work with hard finish, pro-
portionate cornices, pilaster-caps and center-
pieces of ornamental stucco work for the more
prominent rooms.
The outsidewalls mustbe stripped and lathed,
preparatory to plastering.
All the windows to have double box frames
and one and three quarter inch,thick sash.
All the sash of fronts to be in imitation of
French sash, to be-glazed with best crystal
sheet-glass of double thickness, they, as well
as the rear windows, to have boxed inside shut-
ters. Door frames and modern-styled interior
doors to be one and three quarter inches thick.
The trimmings of windows and doors to consist
of heavy and bold moldings, well proportioned
in width and projections, and graduated for the
different stories. All the washboards to have
sub-bases, screwed to the floors and top mold-
ings. The roofs and cupola must be framed
and trussed in best and scientific manner. All
the rooms inside the Mansard roof to be stud-
ded out square. Well-securedand large-sized
skylights will run for the whole length of the
longitudinal corridors, so as to introduce an
abundance of light and ventilation by means
of shafts. Ornamental skylights on top of well-
holes of stairs will also serve for this purpose.
Ornamental and heavy marble mantels for
all the principal rooms. All the hardware
required will be of the best American manu-
facture, sufficiently strongfor the different pur-
poses, and in elegance graduated for the differ-
ent stories and departments.
Particular attention must be paid to the suc-
cessful and substantial execution of the plumb-
er's work, with galvanized iron supply-pipes
for Potomac water, sufficiently large to feed
fire-plugs for two-inch hose in each and every
story. Globe valves or compression stop-cocks
must be introduced in sufficient numbers to
shut off each story, and again, each bath-room
or section of the work, independently, so as to
reduce the inconveniences to the particular
locality where any repairs may be required
hereafter. These stop-cocks mustbe connected
by tubes with the waste pipes, so as to empty
the pipes without the possibility of injury to
the building. All the plumber's fixtures, such
as stationary wash-trays, ranges, sinks, wash-
stands, water-closets, urinaries, and bath-tubs
mustbe of the best and most approved pat-
terns and manufacture ; all of them will have
independent, large sized stink-traps, with trap-
screws to afford best facilities for removing any
obstructions. All this plumber's workin upper
stories must be set on lead-lined floors, which
must be connected by trapped tubes with the
waste-pipes, so as not to expose the rooms to any
contingencies of overflows by leaks in the con-
nections of fixtures with pipes. All the wash-
trays and sinks to be of soapstone or enameled
