1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
position. Having thus explained my views in
reply to the acting chairman of the committee, I
will only add that I am glad, that while a day or
two since he appeared to have little sympathy
for the suffering whites in the Territories, and
was i" doubt as to the barbarities of the savage,
he now concedes that the hostile Indiaus have
committed great ravages in Arizona. He knows
that 1 have constantly and earnestly called atten-
tion to these outrages, and I shall expect him
hereafter to join me iu demanding from the
Government adequate protection for the long-
suffering and ueglected pioneers of that Terri-
tory.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not intend to wound
the sensitiveness of my friend from Arizona,
[Mr. McCormick,] and am happy to bear tes-
timony to his intelligent zeal for the interests
of his Territory. 1 feared his speech would
lead to the striking out of the whole appro-
priation, and was justified in that fear to some
extent by the motion to that effect from the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
which followed almost immediately. I know
there are bad Indians as well as bad white men.
I do not want Indian women and children mur-
dered on account of the first, or the House to
forget that the aggressions of the latter and
starvation are often the reason for Indian hos-
tilities.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike oat the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment here attempts
to abrogate every treaty made with the Indians
of the country from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment. I have witnessed for the last sev-
eral years, since I have been sitting upon this
floor, a disposition toward the aborigines of
this country which to my miud is not creditable
to us as a people. In the early days of the
country, when we were comparatively weak and
the Indians were relatively strong, we entered
into treaties with them, and for peace with them
and for their territory we made certain stipula-
tions with them. Times have changed iu this.
We have become very strong and the Indians
relatively weak, and we propose to present the
moral spectacle to the world of disregarding
all the obligations we made in the early days
and setting them at naught. It is a treatment
and a line of conduct which we cannot take in
the face of the moral indignation of the world.
He who swears to his own hurt and changeth
not is equally respected by the Almighty and
by the honest judgment of mankind. This ap-
plies to the course of nations as well as to the
course of individuals.
Let me instance the case of one Indian tribe,
because it is the tribe which occupied the
country from which I now come as a Repre-
sentative on this floor. I mean the case of the
Cherokee nation of Indians. There are men
here who can certainly recollect twenty-five
or thirty years ago when the whole country
rang with moral indignation against the treat-
ment of those Indians by citizens of Georgia;
a treatment, I may be permitted to say, which
was not participated in by the people or the
government of my own State of Tennessee. We
entered into treaty stipulations with them by
which we provided if they would relieve us
from their presence on this side of the Missis-
sippi and go beyond the " Father of Waters"
we would locate them upon lands of their own
selection, which lands were to belong to them
and were never to be embraced within the
limits of any State. Those lands have re-
mained in their possession ever since. They
have remained there continuing to improve in
civilization and general cultivation. Now what
do we propose? We propose now, when they
are no longer of any relative importance com-
pared with this great country, by a mere dash
of the pen iu the tail of an appropriation bill,
to abrogate all the treaties we have made with
that tribe of Indians a3 well as with all other
tribes of Indians. I am unwilling to see the
country placed in that attitude.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Tennessee ought not so to misinterpret
or misrepresent the scope of the amendment.
I expressly disclaimed, and I disclaim again,
any purpose to interfere in the slightest degree
with the obligations which rest upon the United
States in favor of any individual Iudian or any
particular tribe of Indians. My amendment
does not in its effect iu the slightest degree
impair the obligation of the contract, whatever
it may have been. It simply declares, what is
now well known to be the fact, that no treaties
exist as subsisting treaties with the Indian
tribes, for the reason that one party to each
and all of them has under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
disappeared. It leaves those contracts with
all their vigor and force unimpaired. I ask
the Clerk to read the amendment as it will
stand.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained, or in any of the provisions thereof,
shall be so construed as to ratiiy or approve any
treaty made with any tribes, bands, or parties of
Indians since the 20th day of July, 1867, or to recog-
nize as subsisting public treaties any such treaties
made before the 20th day of July, 18671
Mr. MAYNARD. How does the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States affect the obligation of these treaty stip-
ulations? How does that or any other amend-
ment to the Constitution interfere with our
obligations under our treaties with the Indians.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, I cannot of
course think of detaining the committee at this
time to discuss that question. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] does not
so understand the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States I believe
he must differ from almost every other mem-
ber of this House upon that subject. What 1
assume in my amendment is that the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States does make these Indians citizens of the
United States, and so destroys their national
character and removes one of the parties to
these treaties. But even if the gentleman's
construction of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States is right,
nevertheless this amendment of mine will be
harmless, for its language is this: "nothing
in this act contained shall be so construed as
to recognize as subsisting public treaties any
such treaties made before the 20th day of July,
1867." If it is true that these are subsisting
public treaties, notwithstanding the fourteenth
amendment, then there is no affirmative pro-
vision in my amendment that would destroy
them. But we shall declare that we do not by
this act mean to recognize these as subsisting
public treaties. We leave the question for
future decision. I think certainly that these
treaties as such no longer exist; and this view,
I believe, is in accordance with the construc-
tion placed on the fourteenth amendment by
almost every member of the House; and if
that is not the construction placed on it by my
friend from Tennessee I think he is singular
and alone in the position he occupies.
Mr. SARGENT. I will ask the gentleman
what the effect on those treaties or contracts
will be if his amendment is adopted ?
Mr. PArNE. The effect will be, as I said
before, to leave all the obligations of the Gov-
ernment to the Indian tribes, or to individual
members of Indian tribes, unimpaired; but
they will not stand upon the ground of being
public treaties. If there is any obligation be-
tween the Government and the Indian tribes,
that will remain unimpaired. If there is any
contract that will stand unimpaired; but it
will cease to have what it has hitherto had,
the name of a public treaty.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope this amendment
of the gentleman from Wisconsin will receive
careful attention at the hands of the commit-
tee. If it does I think there will be no diffi-
culty about it. I do not apprehend that it is
at all necessary, because I do not think there
is anything in this bill which would validate or
ratify any treaty made with any Indian tribe.
At the same time I think the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin is all right as far as
it goes. It does not undertake either to ratify
or to rescind or invalidate any treaty; but it is
designed, if I understand it, as a simple dec-
laration of opinion that the committee does
not intend by anything in this bill that there
shall be by any implication any ratification of
any treaty with Indian tribes. The effect of it
simply is to say that we shall express no opinion
upon the subject at all, and if there be any treaty
which can have any binding obligation it will
continue to have that binding obligation either
with or without the amendment of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin. If there be any treaty
which is void and which cannot be carried into
effect in any particular, or in all particulars,
the effect will be that it will continue void. This
provision is simply declaratory, and I think
answers the purpose very well. I hope the
committee will adop*-it.
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew it in order to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. The Indians never selected the
word "treaty." That is a word belonging to the
English language which we have imposed upon
them. The Indians inhabited the whole At-
lantic sea-board and thence to the West at the
time we began to treat with them. Here and
there our people had effected a lodgment, but
the Indians were scattered all through the At-
lantic and southern States and occupied the
present West. We wished to induce them to
relinquish their lands. We desired that they
should go further west, and leave us in the
peaceful occupation of the more valuable and
eligible lands along the sea-coast and on this
side of the Mississippi. To induce them to do
it, to induce them to leave their hunting-grounds
and all the old associations to which they had
been accustomed from childhood, we promised
that we would confer upon them certain benefits.
In some of the old treaties, which go back to a
period coeval with the adoption of the Consti-
tution of the United States, we said that we
would give them a certain amount of money
annually if they would relinquish their lands
and go to the West and make themselves new
homes. Our population has pushed on further
and further to the West, carrying the Indians*
along before them like driftwood before the
wave. But, step by step, we have made fur-
ther stipulations with them in consideration
of their going further West. These tribes have
thus been driven on, whether under the name
of treaties or by the operations of our Army,
by the irresistible force of this great Govern-
ment, into the inhospitable country which they
now inhabit, where, with all the bounties we
confer upon them, it is almost impossible for
them to keep from starvation.
There came a time under this treaty system
when Congress put down its foot and said we
will make no more treaties with Indian tribes,
but at the same time that that action was taken
an Indian bill was reported and approved by
this House and by Congress wherein we did
appropriate mouey to carry out all the pre-
existing treaties. An attempt has been made
several times during the discussion of this bill
to get in something which would repudiate the
previous treaties, many of them older than any
gentleman upon this floor, many of them as
old as the Government itself, and now a last
attempt is made by a declaration that Congress
does not by this bill recognize any treaty made
even before 1867—a declaration similar to that
made by Congress in reference to treaties made
since that year, the effect of which was to pre-
vent all appropriations under those treaties
thereafter.
Now, it is said that the Indians are not suffi-
ciently intelligent to know what their prospects
are. I say to gentlemen that with regard to
many of these tribes, and especially those with
