1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3559
far every iaah offense forfeit and pay the earn of #500
to any person who will sue for tne same, and s hall
for every such offense be deemed frailty of a misde-
meanor, and shall be fined not less than $500, and be
imprisoned not less than one month.
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted. That if any col-
lector of taxes, elected or appointed by authority of
the laws of any State, shall refuse or willfully neg-
lect to receive from any colored citizen of the United
States residing in suoh State any tax which he is ro-
niiiml by law to collect from citizens of such State,
and the payment of which tax is, by the constitution
or laws ot such State, a qualification of an elector of
such State; or if any such collector shall refuse or
Willfully neglect to give to any such colored citizen
a receipt for any such tax when the amount thereof
shall bare been paid or tendered to hiai by such col-
ored citizen, he shall for every such offense forfeit
and pay the sum of 8500 to any person who will sue
lor tho same, and shall for every such offense be
ilcemed guilty of amisdemoanor,and shall be fined
not less than $200, and be imprisoned for not less than
one month.
S«c. 7. And be it further enacted. That if at any
State,county, township, hundred, or municipal elec-
tion held by the authority of any law of any State,
or at any election for electors of President of the
United States, or for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, any officer, in-
spector, or judgeof the election shall refuse to receive,
or shall advise or concur in refusing to receive, the
vote of any person on account of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitnde, every such officer,
inspector, or judge shall, for every such offense, for-
feit and pay the sum of $500 to any person whose
vote shall have been so refused, who may sue for
the same in any court of the United States; and
such officer, inspector, or judge shall, for every such
offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof shall be fined not less than $200
nor more than $500, and be imprisoned not less than
one month.
Ssc. 8. And be it further enacted. That any register
or officer who shall refuse to register or enter upon
the list of voters, or list of persons who will be enti-
tled to vote at any election, the name of any colored
person having the qualifications of a white citizen
entitled to vote or to be placed on such list in other
respects, except race or color, and any officer or
member of any board for the admission of electors
who shall refuse to admit to the electors' oath, or to
the privilege* of an elector, any colored person, on
account of his racc, color, or previous condition of
servitude, or having the qualifications of a white
citizen entitled to the privileges of an elector in
other respects than race oolor, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
aDd, on conviction thereof, shall forfeit and pay a
penalty of not less than $200 nor more than 8500, and
shall be imprisoned not less than one month nor
more thau six months, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
Skc. 9. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall, by threats, violence, or intimidation, pre-
vent or attempt to prevent any citizen of the United
States from the free exercise of his right to vote in
any election at which members of Congress or elect-
ors for President or Vice President of the United
States may be voted for. such person so offending
shall be liable to indictment, and on conviction
thereof shall be subject to a fine not exceeding
$1,000, or to imprisonment not less than one year nor
more than three years, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
Skc. 10. And he it further enacted. That the circuit
courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction
of the suits for forfeitures imposed and causes of
action created by this act. nnd the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States shall have jurisdic-
tion of the misdemeanors created by this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill j st reported by the Secretary.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider die bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce the
Tights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, who have
hitherto been denied that right on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
_ Mr. STEWART. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the provisions of this
bill, to show that it will not answer the pur-
pose; that we need something more if we
intend to enforce the fifteenth amendment. I
wish any bill on this subject to contain all the
requisites. It will be necessary to glance at
each section of the bill to see what the propo-
sition contained in it is, which will take me but
a few moments.
The first section provides :
That any officer of the United States, or of any
6tate, Territory, or district, and every officer of any
city, county .town, township, borough, ward, parish,
or hundred, in any State, Territory, or district, who
shall by any official act whatever, or by the omission,
neglect, or refusal to perform any official act or duty
whatever, whether under color or pretext of any
Provision of any State constitution, or any law of
any State, Territory, or district whatsoever, or of
toy local, municipal, or other law, rule, or ordinance.
deny or abridge the right of any oitizen of the United
States to vote, on acoount of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, at any Federal, State, county,
municipal, or other election, &c.
That is made a misdemeanor. That is very
well so far as it goes. It should be a misde-
meanor if the officer fails to perform that act,
or does anything by which the right to vote is
denied to a citizen.
Then the second section provides—
That all colored citizens of the United States resi-
dent in the several States of the United States shall
be entitled to vote at al 1 elections in th e State, county,
parish, town, township, ward, or hundred of their
residence, subject only to the same conditions which
nowareormay hereafterbe required to qualify white
citizens to vote therein. And any person who shall
by force, fraud, intimidation, or other unlawful
means whatsoever, prevent any colored oitizen from
voting at any such eleotion, who possesses the quali-
fications, except in respect of color, requisite to en-
able a white citizen to vote thereat, shall, upon
conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misde-
meanor, &c.
Those two sections relate simply to voting.
If an officer fails or refuses to perforin an offi-
cial act necessary to give a voter the right to
vote he is guilty of a misdemeanor. It pro-
vides for the case of any person who shall by
fraud, intimidation, or other unlawful means
prevent a citizen from voting. That has noth-
ing to do with registration and the preliminary
matters which are necessary prior to voting;
so that something else must be provided to
reach that.
The third section provides " that in case the
constitution or law of any Stale shall require
the assessment or payment of a tax as a qual-
ification of an elector," and the assessor or
other officer shall refuse or willfully neglect
to assess the person or property of any colored
citizen, he shall be punished for that offense.
The fourth section also relates to the same
system of the assessment of a tax, put in an-
other form.
The fifth section provides " that if any clerk
or other officer required by the law of any
State to register, record, or transcribe any list
of persons upon whom taxes have been as-
sessed," &c., shall refuse to register a colored
voter, if he is properly assessed for taxes, then
such officer shall forfeit $500 and be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor.
The sixth section provides a penalty for any
collector of taxes who does not do his duty
with regard to the taxes.
The seventh section provides for the punish-
ment of any officer who, at any election for
President and Vice President of the United
States or members of the House of Represent-
atives, shall fail to receive the vote of a voter
on account of race or color.
The eighth section goes on to prescribe the
penalty for refusing to register the voter again.
The ninth section provides the penalty in
case "any person shall by threats, violence,
or intimidation prevent or attempt to prevent
any citizen of the United States from the free
exercise of his right to vote in any election at
which memberB of Congress,- or electors for
President or Vice President of the United
States may be voted for." It provides that
such person shall be liable to indictment and
punishment. That is fixing it for a particular
election.
These are the provisions of the House bill.
It provides for the two cases mentioned; and
now let me state some cases that it does not
provide for. There is nothing in the world in
this bill to punish outsiders for preventing the
registration of voters altogether. That is the
great difficulty. A mob may prevent registra-
tion, as they have done over in Virginia, and
there is no penalty provided. There is nothing
to reach that case at all. And in case a mob
should prevent registration altogether, and not
allow a colored man to register, then under
this bill there is nothing to entitle him to vote
when he comes to the poll. There is nothing
to interfere with the power of a mob to drive
him away from the registrar's office; and that
being conclusive evidence upon the right to
vote, and there being no penalty provided for
that, the whole bill is good for nothing; the
whole bottom is out of the bill. I tell you,
Senators, it will not answer the purpose at all.
Now, in order that the bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary may be understood,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to it.
Perhaps it may be improved. The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] has made
some suggestions, and has prepared one or two
sections which strike me very favorably. One
of those sections provides against unlawful
combinations to intimidate voters, which would
come in properly in connection with this bill.
It prevents intimidation outside of the imme-
diate relation to registration and to voting, go-
ing upon the plantations, Kulclux Klans, &c.
He has prepared some sections which may be
necessary to make the Senate bill a complete
bill. Let me analyze for a moment the bill
prepared by the Committee on the Judiciary
and see what cases it provides for.
The first section is the simple declaration of
the principle that all men shall be entitled to
vote without distinction of race or color.
The second section provides—
That if by or under the authority of the constitu-
tion or laws of any State, or the laws of any Terri-
tory, any act is or shall be required to be done as a
prerequisite or—
I want to call attention to this thing, and
Senators will see the difficulty in framing any-
thing. If anything is required to be done as
a prerequisite or—
qualification for voting, and by such constitution
or laws persons or officers are or shall be charged
with the performance of duties in furnishing to citi-
zens an opportunity to perform such prerequisite, or
to become qualified to vote, it shall be the duty of
every such person and officer to give to all citizens
of the United States the same and equal opportunity
to perform such prerequisite, and to become qualified
to vote, without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
We have undertaken to enumerate some
prerequisites. There may be a thousand other
things invented outside of them not referred to
by the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House bill makes
it an offense for any officer " by any official
act whatever, or by omission, neglect, or re-
fusal to perform any official act or duty what-
ever, whether under color or pretext of any
provision of any State constitution, or any law
of any State, Territory, or district whatsoever,
or of any local, municipal, or other law, rule,
or ordinance," &c., to " deny or abridge" the
right to vote.
Mr. STEWART. The third 
Mr. HOWARD. Let me call the attention
of the Senator from Nevada to the second
clause of section two of the House bill. Does
not that cover every case of a mob or other
illegal violence by which a colored citizen is
prevented from voting?
Mr. STEWART. The second clause of
section two is, "and any person who shall by
force, fraud, intimidation, or other unlawful
means whatsoever, prevent any colored citizen
from voting" 
Mr. HOWARD. "From voting."
Mr. STEWART. .But not from registering.
That is the point. I say they have provided
a penalty against those who prevent colored
citizens from voting, but not for forming a
mob to prevent them from performing the pre-
requisites required to entitle them to vote.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose a colored citizen
has been prevented from registering by mob
violence.
Mr. STEWART. Under the House bill there
is no remedy.
Mr. HOWARD. In thr.t case he is not enti-
tled to vote, and he is thereby prevented from
voting. Does not that bri lg the offense within
the language of that clause?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. HOWARD. I an>. inclined to think it
would.
Mr. STEWART. It will never be so con-
strued. Criminal laws are strictly construed.
If a colored man wa3 prevented from register-
