3:870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4503
There can be no doubt that concurrently
.with the present system of publication and
gratuitous distribution of public documents
there must be means provided for their trans-
mission all over the country, and for this pur-
pose the postal service is the only proper me-
dium. If you mean to maintain the printing
of public documents you must provide some
mode of sending them free of cost to the people
at large. The present franking system does
that about as cheaply, except on the score of
labor to the Congressman, as any other method
aa yet devised.
What has been done ? The House of Rep-
resentatives, in the month of December, had
accumulated a shoal of these petitions. They
■sent them to their committee. In hot haste
that committee made a report wiping out by
one stroke the entire franking system. The
bill was passed on the 27th of January, and
came over to the Senate; and that bill was
reported here without amendment by our own
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Now, Mr. President, I make the averment
that if the House of Representatives had been
taken at its word, if the Postmaster General
had been taken at his word, and his recom-
mendation had been acted upon by the Senate,
more dislocation of public business, more in-
convenience and loss would have happened in
the various Departments of this Government
than all his industry, and that of his deputies,
could accomplish the other way, if they lived
fifty years. Where would have been the free
intercommunication of all the officers con-
nected with the Treasury Department, both
the internal revenue system and the collection
of foreign duties? Where would have been
the communications of your Census Bureau?
Where would have been the communications
between the postmasters themselves, who are
now authorized to frank ? Why, sir, it would
be impossible to state in a short speech, or
even in a long time, the far-reaching disturb-
ance and loss which such a measure would
• have entailed upon the business and the gov-
ernment of this country.
It would have been to my mind completely
disgraceful, unworthy of dignified, sensible
legislators, that we should have passed, or pass
now, this bill; which will destroy one of the
most useful and necessary parts of our govern-
mental machinery without providing a fitting
and proper substitute for it. So far from being
a reform, it would have been to my mind a
piece of most unpardonable negligence and
most unpardonable disregard of public duty,
suddenly to have stricken out the use of this
franking system from all the Departments of
the Government, whose business now depends
so much upon its exercise and continuance.
It was, as I have called it, almost ill-consid-
ered proposition, for no substitute was offered,
and you would have torn out the entire ma-
chinery upon which the constant and regu-
lar communication of our Departments now
rests.
There is nothing proposed scarcely yet to
take the place of this franking system, except
by this subsequent report of the Postmaster
General, that a sum to purchase stamps be fur-
nished to the present franking officers. Sir,
there is not an abuse of the franking power as
it at present exists that would not *be intens-
ified and multiplied in its fraudulent oppor-
tunities by the proposition of furnishing either
stamps or money in lieu of permitting men tp
use a sign-manual in order to have their mail
matter sent free.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] has prepared an elaborate and
very sensible and excellent bill, I doubt not,
on this subject, which has as yet been consid-
ered by no committee, and which is the fruit
apparently of very intelligent and carefui con-
sideration on his part. He looks to cheap
postage. That certainly is a most desirable
reform. He looks to replace the franking priv-
by a system of stamped tnvelopes deliv-
ered to the parties now officially entitled to
franks.
Here let me ask, is not that proposition more
open to abuse than the plan which now exists
of compelling members of Congress to use their
sign-manual in order to send matter free? A
stamped envelope is worth so much money,
will carry so much matter through the mails,
whether it is used by the person for whom it
was officially designed and who had the proper
official right to use it, or not. You, sir, may
be entitled to a certain number of stamped
envelopes. Another person may get hold of
them and use them quite as well as yourself.
There is no means of detecting the use of them
by the superscription or by any other mark
that you can attach ; not half as efficient means
of detecting it as there is when your sign-man-
ual must be placed on the envelope itself.
There were abuses existing under the con-
struction of former laws, such as^ permitting
members of Congress to have fac-similes made
and stamped in the shape of dies, by which an
enormous number of apparent signatures could
be impressed upon documents in the absence
or the presence of the person who was entitled
to use the frank, very much like the stamped
envelope system, my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] suggests. There was the same
thing. The man who had the stamp could put
it upon the envelope, instead of which the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to stamp the envelope and then deliver
it to him. Both, I submit, would be capable
of the same abuse.
Congress, however, rectified that by an
amendment of the law, so that now the frank-
ing power must be exercised only under the
sign-manual of the officer to whom you have
delegated it. Nay, more; you have cut off
the chief abuse by limiting the weight for sealed
matter in the mails to two ounces, I think ; so
that no large bulk can encumber the mails and
prevent the transmission of other and proper
mail matter through the country. The oppor-
tunities, therefore, for abuse, which consisted
in allowing persons exercising this privilege
to use stamps, which could be as well affixed
to letters in theirabsence as in their presence,
and the regulation of the weight authorized to
be carried by a frauk having been removed, in
my opinion the greatest objections to the use
of this franking privilege and its capacity to
be abused have been removed.
There has been, as yet suggested, no method
which will so certainly and perfectly guard this
system of franking against abuse as to compel
the person who uses it to put his own signature
upon the envelope. Before the Postmaster
General made these charges he ought to have
tracked some of these alleged abuses to their
home, and the persons who had been guilty of
them should have been held up either for pun-
ishment or for popular reprobation.
Now, sir, I hope this bill will be recommitted.
If there are any means by which abuses of this
system have been perpetrated I trust they will
be ferreted out. And if the Postmaster Gen-
eral and his deputies will take one half of the
trouble to ascertain the facts as they did to
charge the facts before they ascertained them,
I think the committee at the next session of
Congress may have before them something
intelligible to work upon.
It was a grave eiror, certainly, to term this
the " privilege of a few." The right to trans-
mit their letters free to members of Congress
is certainly a popular privilege. The business
which leads to replies to those letters, of course,
is of a similar character, belonging to the con-
stituent and«otto the Representative; so that
it is very hard to imagine where the personal
privilege lies, except that the person who writes
the name has his time occupied about business
affairs in,which he can have no interest except
in the performance of his personal duty.
The value of this privilege to a member of
Congress for his private purposes of franking
letters is too small to be considered. For
myself I would most gladly get rid of it, even
to satisfy what might not be, in my opinion, a
very reasonable demand. But I had a great
objection to having what I thought was a cheap
piece of popularity-seeking put upon the peo-
ple of this country under the name of a great
reform, passed without my candid reprobation.
I am entirely in favor of the economical work-
ing of the Post Office Department and of all
other Departments of the Government. I
have no wish to gain from the people of the
country one farthing beyond that which they
know I gain, and that is the salary of a Sen-
ator as regulated by law. But in view of the
business requirements of this country at this
time, I am not prepared to vote for any such
measure as shall destroy the method of inter-
communication between our Departments, and
deprive the people of this country of their best
opportunity and means to learn the course of
legislation here in Washington.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. WILSON. Mr.
3?rcsidGu t
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
|}US1 Qggg
Mr. WILSON. I believe I had the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from Vermont, who desired
thefioorfor the purpose of moving an executive
session.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
is not in his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts make that point?
The Senator from Massachusetts claims that,
the Senator from Vermont is not in his seat.
Mr. SHERMAN. That point has never been
made before. •
Mr. WILSON. I make it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will take the ruling of
the Chair, so as to make it a precedent. I
desire to have a ruling of the Chair upon that
point.
Mr. WILSON. I believe I had the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third rule
states that "every Senator when he speaks
shall address the Chair standing in hisplace."
The Chair supposes that to be the rule referred
to. Does the Senator from Massachusetts
insist on the poiut?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Chair to rule
on it distinctly, so that it shall go on the Jour-
nal.
Mr.-WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont rose to make the same motion. The
Senator from Massachusetts moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. •
The question being put, there were—ayes
twenty-five.
Mr. RAMSEY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order to move
that the Senate do now adjourn?
Mr. ITAMLIN. Not when we are dividing.
Twenty-three Senators voted in the negative.
Mr. RAMSEY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota demands the yeas and nays, pending
which the Senator from Ohio moves that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota now demands the yeas and nays on
the motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN, (after first voting m the
affirmative.) In order to. finish the bill to-
night, I believe I shall change my vote. I
vote " nay."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
