5448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
They recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered Si, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the words "for assistant naval constructor,
5J2,000," wherever they occur in the bill.
They recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered 58, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out. on page 21, all of lines one and two.
They recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered 71, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out, on page 17, line thirteen, after the word "list,"
all down to and including the wor<Vsoventy " in
line fourteen of said amendment.
They recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered 73, with an amendment, as follows: insert,
as the beginning of a new sentence, after the word
authority," in line six, page 18 of said amendment,
the words "that hereafter:" and in lino eight of
the same page strike out the word " of" and insert
the words " he is to take rank as stated in."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish the
gentleman from Wisconsin would state the
action in reference to some of the principal
items.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The Sen-
ate struck out the pay bill agreed to by the
House, and agreed to another pay bill. As
will be seen by the report of the Committee
on Appropriations, we recommend non-con-
currence, with an amendment. We adhere
to the pay bill substantially as it passed the
House. That is one of the principal amend-
ments here.
There are several sections of general legis-
lation which seem to be important, and I am
sorry that gentlemen have not had time to
examine them.
As regards the additional appropriations
put on by the Senate, we have recommended
non-concurrence in most instances. The Sen-
ate has added over three million dollars, we
concur in about six hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. MYERS. In what bureau is'that?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In the
Bureau of Steam Engineering they put on
$750,000, in which we recommend non-con-
currence.
Mr. MYERS. How much in the Bureau of
Construction and Repairs?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They have
put in some $3,000,000. The House appro-
priated $1,500,000. We recommend non-con-
currence.
So far as the pay bill is concerned we reeom-
_ mend substantially the bill as passed by the
' House.
I demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WELKER. I call the gentleman's at-
tention to an amendment on page 17. The
Senate moved to insert the following:
For purchase and preservation of timber, and gen-
eral maintenance of the Navy, $800,000.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to discharge
liabilities provided for by contracts made previous to
March 4,1869, 5515,960 92.
What is the recommendation in regard to
that?
Mr. WASHBURN. We move to strike that
out and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay out-
standing and approredbillsfor tools for navy-yards.
$101,000.
The SPEAKER. If there be no separate
vote asked the action of the committee will be
considered as concurred in.
Mr. CONGER. I beg to inquire of the gen-
tleman in charge of the bill what he recom-
mends with reference to the sixty-eighth sec-
tion in regard to the annual pay of the officers
of the Navy on the active list?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We pro-
pose to non-concur in that, and to adhere to the
pay-list which we put in the bill as it passed
the House.
Mr. CONGER. That is all right. I do not
ask to have the amendment read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. lob serve that the amend-
ments of the Senate numbered 30, 31, and 32
increase the appropriations largely ; for raate-
rialsby contract from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000;
for materials by purchase from $250,000 to
$500,000, and for labor in navy-yards and on
foreign stations from $1,500,000 to $3,000,000.
I desire to know what the committee propose
as.to these amendments?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We move
non-concurrence in all those amendments.
Mr. COX. Do the Senate amendments
increase the total amount of the appropriation ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, Yes; very
largely.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin! I now
move that a committee of conference be asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill.
The motion was agreed to. .
MESSAGE i'KOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sxmpson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 995) for the relief of purchasers
of lands sold for direct taxes in the insurrection-
ary States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 247) directing
the Secretary of War to place at the disposal
of the President certain ordnance to aid in the
erection of the equestrian statue of General
John A. Rawlins; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for soldiers' monuments
at Providence, Rhode Island, and at Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
House of the following title, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash river.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to go
to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to take the bill (S.
No. 010) from the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
had better support my motion, and his bill will
be reached with the rest.
Mr. PAINE. I believe I am still entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] has the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
expenses of indian delegations.
Mr. DAWES. I am under the necessity of
asking the House to pass a little bill, which I
report back from the Committee on Appro-
priations, for the expenses of the delegations
of Indians who have recently visited the city
of Washington. They have been entertained
here, and some expense has been incurred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to move an amendment to the bill?
Air. DAWES. What is the nature of it ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 want to reduce the
appropriation one half.
Mr. DAWES. The reason which the Depart-
ment gives why the bill is so large is that there
were two delegations here, and a third, which
has been invited, is coming. Besides provid-
ing for the expenses of the Indian delegations, |
the appropriation includes the purchase of
presents to give to the Indians in all negotia-
tions with them, not merely those who visited
this city, but all of the Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood when this
bill was before the House that it appropriated
$50,000 for the payment of the expenses of
Mr. Red Cloud and Mr. Spotted Tail in Wash-
ington. I think the amount altogether too
large.
Mr. DAWES. It does net do that only. As
I have said, it also provides for the expenses
of another delegation which has been invited
here. And then it pays the expense of taking
them through the great cities of the country
for the purpose of impressing upon their minds
the power and magmtute of this country under
the rule of the Great Father.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I feel strongly the neces-
sity of looking after a proposition of this kind
to expend so largo an amount of money for
that purpose ; and I desire to move an amend-
ment- decreasing the amount appropriated, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts will permit
me.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot, of course, object to
that. I will only say to the gentleman that in
this matter I represent the Department its ask-
ing for this sum, and give the reasons as gsvaa
by the Department. I am quite as sorry as tiie
gentleman from Missouri can be, thatitfigmes
up to so large a sum as $50,000. I could hs ve
wished that that $50,000 could have heen
appropriated in some other way ; but I do not
see how it can be helped.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay
the expenses of the delegationsof Indians visit-
ing the city of Washington was read.
It directs that there be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $50,000, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to defray the expenses
of the delegations of Indians visiting Washing-
ton, and the purchase of presents for the mem-
bers thereof in the year 1870.
Mr. DAWES. I promised the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] a good while ago
that I would not cat him off from an oppor-
tunity of saying something in reference to this
measure, and 1 suppose I must yield to him.
Mr. PAINE. 1 would like to inquire how
much time the gentleman from Nevada pro-
poses to occupy. If he proposes to make a
speech of any great length I must decline to
yield.
Mr. FITCH. I will need some five or ten
minutes only.
Mr. PAINE. Then, sir, I must ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to postpone his
resolution for a few moments at least. I wish
to yield to gentlemen who desire to introduce
matters for reference, &c.
Mr. JUDD. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield first to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
EXPORT OF SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS.
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2405) to facilitate
the export of spirituous liquors ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
h. louise gates.
Mr. KELSEY, byunan irnous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 240G) for the relief of
H. Louise Gates; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
charles p. elgin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution (H. 11,
No; 368) for the relief of Charles P. Elgin;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
1 lie joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to draw his war-
rant upon the Treasurer of the United States for
such amount as may be found due to Charles
P. Elgin,^ late assistant assessor of internal
revenue tor the fifteenth division, third district
of Mississippi, upon the adjustment of his ac-
counts by the accounting officers of the Depart-
ment, without regard to his omission to qualify,
according to law, for the duties of his appoint-
ment.
