8560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ing, an indictment would not lie against the
part; so preventing him, for having prevented
him from voting.
Mr. HOWARD. I am inclined to thiak it
would.
Mr. STEWART. Most certainly not. No
criminal law would be construed in that way.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not, if registering is
a prerequisite for voting, as 1 suppose it to be ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Michigan to the first
section of the House bill.
Mr. STEWART, lhope I shall be allowed
to go on. I undertake to say that there is
nothing whatever in the House bill to prevent
intimidation and fraud by outsiders to prevent
a party from performing the prerequisites
necessary to qualify him to vote. Sucn a pro-
vision cannot be found in the bill. But in the
third section of the bill that is reported by the
Judiciary Committee we have this provision :
That whenever, by or under the authority of the
aonstitutionor laws of any State, or the laws of any
Territory, any act is or shall be required to bo dono
by any citizen as a prerequisite to qualify or entitle
him to rote, the offer of any such citizen to periorm
the act required to bo douo, us aforesaid, shall, if it
failed to bo carried into execution by reason of the
wrongful act or omission*aforesaid of tho person or
officer charged with thoduty of receiving or permit-
ting such performance or offer to perform or acting
thereon, be deemed and held as a performance in law
of such act, and the person so offering and failing
as aforesaid and being otherwise qualified, shall be
entitled to vote in the same manner and to thosame
extent as if he had in fact performed suoh act.
That is not provided for in the House bill.
We say in this section that if the man offers to
perform the prerequisites required by State
law, and is prevented, that offer shall be equiv-
alent to a performance, and when he presents
his affidavit his vote shall be received. It has
been criticised and suggested that great injus-
tice may be done by this section. It has been
severely criticised by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thukman.] All this section provides is
that if a man is otherwise qualified, and has
offered to become registered or to perforin any
other act necessary as a prerequisite under the
local laws, his vote shall be received. What
is the objection to receiving his vote under
those circumstances? If he is a legal voter,
in every other way qualified, his vote ought to
be received, whether he is actually registered
or not. No injustice can be done if his vote
is received, because he is otherwise qualified,
a legal voter. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thcrman] says thisis a bounty to swear falsely.
The man presents an affidavit showing the fact
that he has offered to perform the prerequisite;
but then he can be objected to for any other
reason. He can be objected to because heis not
otherwise qualified; but if he is otherwise qual-
ified, and he presents an affidavit that he offered
to register or to do any other act required, and
was not allowed to do it, what is the harm in
receiviug his vote? It onght to be received,
I say that those who drive colored men from
the polls should not reap the advantage of
their own wrong, and this section, which does
not appear in the House bill at all, is a very
important one.
1 did not intend to occupy a moment's time,
but 1 do not want the Senate to lay aside one
bill and take up another without knowing what
they are doing. The fonrth section of the bill
presented by the Judiciary Committee pro-
vides—
Tbatifany person by force, bribery, threats,intim-
idation, or otherwise, shall hinder, delay, prevent,
or obstruct, or attempt to binder, delay, prevent or
obstruct any citizen from doing any actaathorized by
this act to be done—
I will say "required to be done"—I pro-
pose to amend that phraseology at the proper
time—
to qualify him to vote or from voting at any election
as aforesaid, such person shall lor every such offense
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the person
aggrieved thereby.
Here, if any person by any means—by fraud,
force, or violence—preventsa man either from
registering or paying taxes, or doing any act
necessary to qualify him to vote, or if by
fraud of violence he prevents him from voting,
he is guilty of a misdemeanor > and I under-
take to say that that fourth section alone is
worth three times tho whole House bill. It
will meet three times as many cases as the
House bill. The fourth section standing alone
is worth more than the whole House bill put
together. It makes it an offense to interfere
with the registration by outsiders and for out-
siders or anybody to interfere with voters.
Then the fifth section contains this pro-
vision :
That any person who shall be deprived of any
office except that of member of Congress or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the violation of
the provisions of this act. shall bo entitled to recover
possession of such office by writ of mandamu* or
other appropriate proceeding; and the circuit and
district courts of tho United States shall have con-
current jurisdiction of all cases arising under this
section.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
criticised this section because the word " man-
damus" is useeT in it. I undertake to say that
a mandamus is an appropriate proceeding in I
all cases where there is a refusal to count the ,
votes. Cases may very frequently arise where
the officers will refuse to count the votes at all
because negroes have voted.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. A. mandamus might be
a proper remedy to command a board of can-
vassers to count the votes cast; but it is no
remedy to compel them to count A B'b or C
D's vote, or a black man's vote, or a white
man's vote. In other words, the writ of man-
damus commands a body to do an act, but
never regulates the discretion or judgment of
the body.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that per-
fectly. Suppose there is a majority of colored
votes, and the election officers refuse to return
them at all, you want a proceeding to force
them to make the return and count those votes.
Yon may want other proceedings, and hence the
term "or other appropriate proceedings;"
you can have a quo warranto or any other
appropriate proceeding.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio if he is entirely cor-
rect in the last statement he makes as to the
office of a mandamus. A mandamns issued
by a superior to an inferior judicial court only
puts that tribunal in motion, compels it to de-
cide a cause, for instance, without requiring it
to decide it in a particular way. But I under-
stand that a mandamus directed to a minis-
terial officer most generally, indeed, so far as
I recollect, always disposes of the question
and commands him to do a specific thing. For
instance, suppose the votes have been can-
vassed in a town, and the canvassers have
thrown the vote out and yet the law requires
that return to be made to a higker board of
canvassers, as it does in the State which I par-
tially represent; in that case a mandamus to
the second board of canvassers would reach
the difficulty by compelling them to count that
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. If it does not interrupt
the Senator from Nevada, I should like to an-
swer the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. STEWART. It will not interrupt me.
Mr. TH URM AN. We had that precise ques-
tion in Ohio. The clerk of the court and the
board of canvassers in one of the counties of
the State refused to count what was called the
soldier vote—the vote of the soldiers cast out-
side of the State of Ohio—on the ground that
the law was unconstitutional that authorized a
vote to be taken outside of the State of Ohio.
On an application for a mandamus to the
supreme court of the State, composed of four
Republican judges and one Democrat, that
court unanimously decided that a mandamus
would not lie to compel that board ofcanvassers
to count that vote; itwould only lie to compel
them to count votes; but as to counting a par-
ticular vote it would not lie.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask the Sena-
tor, was not that decision based on some par-
ticular attitude of the cause, the record, for
instance, not presenting a question which en-
abled the court to determine it. But is notthis
a general proposition of law, that where a man-
damus is applied for to a ministerial officer,
it is the office of that writ to determine what
ought to be done, and then command the spe-
cific thing to be performed ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer both ques-
tions, for there are two. In the first place the
record did present the question fairly. In the
second place, in regard to the more general
interrogatory of the Senator, I have this to say,
that wherever there is judgment or discretion
to be exercised by an officer, whether he be a
ministerial officer or a judicial officer, the writ
of mandamus cannot control that discretion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Precisely.
Mr. THURMAN. It only compels the offi-
cer to exercise his discretion, or to pronounce
his judgment; but what that shall be the writ
of mandamus cannot control.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is so; but in a
case where a particular voter claimed to have
his vote counted, and stated in the record the
grounds on which that claim was based, to wit,
his age, his residence, his qualifications, and
all the circumstances which entitled him to
have his vote counted, the court would pass
upon that question and decide the case in his
favor and order his vote to be counted.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Nevada
is very patient, and I will not take more than a
moment of his time. This bill goes on the idea
that the man's vote has been refused ; that he
never has voted. Then there is no vote to
count; the man has been refused his vote.
How he would have voted is a thing that could
only depend ou his testimony, and that would
be testimony taken after the fact. You may
punish the board for refusing; but you cannot
order them by mandamus to count a vote that
never had an existence, but where there was
simply an offer to vote.
Mr. STEWART. It is very evident that
this is an appropriate remedy for a very im-
portant class of cases that frequently may arise
when boards of canvassers refuse to make any
return whatever. For certain purposes a man-
damus all admit to be a proper remedy; but
there are other "appropriate proceedings"
that can be resorted to, such as the quo war-
ranto. I do not think, therefore, the learned
criticism on that section amounts to much.
Now, for the rest of our bill, it is simply pro-
viding the machinery to put the bill in motion;
and 1 want to call the attention of the Senate
to that. We have the machinery, substantially,
of the civil rights act to put the bill in motion.
The House bill merely makes it an offense to
do certain things, covering about one half the
ground; and it makes it an offense punishable
in the United States district courts. Who is
going to do it? What is that going to amount
to? Who is going to be prosecutor? The
Senate bill goes on and not only gives the
United States courts jurisdiction, but requires
the circuit judges to appoint commissioners
wherever it may be necessary—if necessary,
in every precinct—to arrest and punish par-
ties. It empowers the marshal to aid those
commissioners, and to summon the posse com-
itates whenever it may be necessary. It fur-
ther empowers the commissioners to appoint
special officers to enforce their writs, and it
empowers the President of the United States
to aid the courts in the enforcement of the law.
You have got the agents here in this bill—a
system which was matured when the civil rights
act was passed, giving agencies to enforce the
bill. Merely declaring it an offense, and leav-
ing anybody to prosecute it that pleases, and
making no further provision, will be a dead
letter. It also provides for paying these officers.
Now, suppose you have a district in the
South where they refuse to allow the negro to
vote, where men are combined together against
