1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
government of Georgia in force two years ? My
eloquent friend from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,]
who is always in earnest, declared the other
day, contemplating the crimes of these men,
that they needed to feel the strong arm of mil-
itary power. Why, Mr. President, it does .seem
to me that military power is the most incom-
petent of all human agencies to deal with such
wrongs and outrages as pervade Georgia. A
major general has, indeed, a great many hands,
buthe has but two eyes, and he cannot strike
a criminal till he sees him, and he cannot, when
he sees him, strike him until he catches him.
If you put a major general in command in
G.sorgia, and give him what troops you choose,
will that turn midnight into day? Will that
unmask the midnight assassin ? Will that cause
the Kuklux and the Radical to lie down to-
gether? Not at all. Military authority cannot
reach such wrongs. There must be a public
opinion operating, and there must be a civil
government there, sustained, to be sure, by
physical force adequate to meet whatever or-
ganized force resists the action of the govern-
ment ; but it wants to be a civil government,
so having its friends in every part of the State
ready to aid the executive arm with informa-
tion to detect as well as force to correct.
Mr. President, for these reasons I distrust
the ability of a military government. I do not
know but that the existing government down
there can bring order out of this chaos. , It is
said they cannot. They are in power to-day.
If they are adequate to the work of govern-
ment they may demonstrate that before their
terms of office expire. But if other Senators
about me distrust their ability, as they seem to
distrust their own, then it seems to me to be
the part of wisdom; not to remand Georgia to
a military government to bo sure, butto remand
Georgia to aprovisional government, the exec-
utive and judicial departments of which shall
be responsible to the Government of the United
Stales, the legislative department of which shall
be freely responsible to the people of Georgia.
I will not enlarge upon this point. This
seems to be the safe thing to do with Georgia,
and I shall give my vote to whatever proposi-
tions are offered here tending to that result.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I do not
care to proceed with the discussion this even-
ing ; but I should like to occupy a few moments
before the adjournment in making a sugges-
tion in reply to the last remark of the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
The Senator from Wisconsin suggests the
inadequacy of civil legislation, the inadequacy
of civil power, the want of power in the Gen-
eral Government, even if it may be legitimately
exercised, for the preservation ot order in
Georgia; and at the same time he suggests
that if that power is not equal to the emer-
gency, if civil law, civil power, civil authority
cannot accomplish what we think necessary,
nay, what is in the estimation of gentlemen
necessary for themselves, we' shall appeal to
the military, wo shall send our armies there to
do what we confess ourselves to be utterly
unable to do. Surely the Senator from Wis-
consin did not intend to mean that; and yet
how legitimate the inference when in the Amer-
ican Senate it is said, and with the approval
of three fourths of the body, that civil author-
ity, civil power in this Government, is power-
less, useless, and idle, and we ask the military
power to do what legitimately civil power ought
to do.
The Senator from Wisconsin made another
suggestion to which I will reply before I give
way to a motion to adjourn ; and that is that
the Republican party fought this war, and that
all the blood which was shed during the four
years of the war was provoked and shed at the
instigation and under the influence and by
reason of the action of the Democratic party;
and now, says the Senator, the Republican party-
would be unworthy of itself if it allowed itself
to fail in securing what it had fought for. Sir,
was the war fought to secure the- ascendency
of the Republican party in this Government?
Was it fought against the Democratic party,
and to drive it out of power in all the States
of the Union? No; the Senator does not
suggest that; but being in the northern States
by force of the ballot powerless to secure that
ascendency, in the southern States where they
have military power to aid them they propose
to enforce the ascendency and dominancy of
the Republican party.
Senators smile, and ask, " Have we not the
power to do it?" You have, Senators. With
a three-fourths majority in the other House,
with a three-fourths majority here, with the
President of the United States and the Gen-
eral of the Army at your beck and command,
you can do what you propose ; but when you
have done it all, what is it? You have simply
secured the dominancy and ascendency of the
Republican party by means of the exercise of
military power and military authority.
_ If the suggestion of my friend from Wiscon-
sin has anything in it, it it has virtue and sub-
stance in it, it is that your three-fourths ma
jority here and your three-fourths majority in
the other House can give to the military
authority in Georgia the power to secure the
ascendency and dominancy of the Republican
party, and save that State to the Republican
party of the Union. Is not that its whole force?
You are now here discussing the merits of a
bill which, whatever may be the amendments
proposed to it, and whatever maybe its details,
aflccts the propriety of the Republican party
establishing by force its ascendency in the State
of Georgia.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator now give
way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 12, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question of privilege.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of the con-
tested-electiou case of Hunt vs. Sheldon, of
Louisiana.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question, under
the rule, whether the House will proceed to
the consideration of that case at this time.
The SPEAKER. That will be decided by
a majority vote of the.House.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the House will in-
dulge me a moment.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
only; the question of consideration is not
debatable.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand that. I
want to say that the State of Louisiana is rep-
resented on this floor by but one member. It
is necessary to decide this casein order to bring
up the others. There is great complaint on
both sides, and I think with some justice, of the
delay of the House. We have been ready now
for two weeks, and have been waiting a time
when the House might hear us with patience.
I feel it to be my duty to press the ease; but I
am of course willing to leave the matter to the
House, and shall be satisfied with whatever it
may decide.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is just my position,
If the progress of the special order, which now
stands in the way of everything else, is to be
interruptedj I wish ti&t the majority Of the
House shall take the responsibility-of doing it.
I therefore raise the question under the ;rnle>,
whether the question raised by the gentleman,
from Ohio [Mr-Stevenson] shall "be consid-
ered at the present time. : . . ■ ■ .
The SPEAKER. That is for a-majority of
the House to decide/
Mr. KERR. I trust I may be indulged' in>
a single remark. ' I desire to say to the Hons©
that this election case from Louisiana stands
upon a somewhat extraordinary footing, unlike
the position of all other cases now pending
before the House. In other cages the States
from which the contests comc- have nearly full
delegations Upon this floor; are fully repre-
sented, with single or very few exceptions.
But the State of Louisiana has no delegation
upon this floor except one sitting member.. .She
has been kept out of her representation for more
than half of this entire Congress. I'submit,
therefore, that every consideration of fairness
toward the State and respect for the great prin-
ciple of representation demand that we should
now go on with tbcs,e eases from Louisiana
and not delay any longer their consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] objects to the consideration at
the present time of the case which his col-
league [Mr. Stevenson] calls up. The ques-
tion is, Will the House consider it?
The question was decided in the affirmative—
ayes seventy-two,'noes not counted. *
Mr. STEVENSON. Before proceeding with
this case I am willing, if it meets the wishea
of the House, to yield to several gentlemen who
wish to introduce matters that elicit no debate,
iowa lilveb.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 176G) in relation
to the Iowa river, in the State of Iowa; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. McCRARY. 1 desire that this bill shall
he considered at the present time. It is a
measure to which there can be no objection.
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of the Iowa river in the State of Iowa as lies
north of the town of Wapello be declared not
a navigable river or public highway.
Mr. CONGER. I do not know anything
about the merits of this particular case; but it
has been decided by the courts, recognizing
the necessities of the country, that every stream
capable of valuable floatage is a public high-
way. And the etfect of declaring this partic-
ular stream not a navigable river will be to
forbid its use as a public highway. Such a
measure, it seems to me, will establish a very
dangerous precedent. Wherever our rivers in
the Northwestare capable of valuable floatage,
and are, according to the decisions of all our
courts, highways of the country, it seems to
me important that they should not be closed
to the public by bills of this kind. Many of
the streams in the lumbering region, although
dry in summer, are valuable in spring for the
floating o?' logs. I do not see why the action
of Congress should be invoked in a case of this
kind. It is opposed to the entire current of
the decisions of our courts, both of the States
and of the United States, to declare any stream
whatever not a highway for the people if it is
capable of valuable floatage. Although I know
nothing particularly about this case, it seems
to me it would be presuming very much for
Congress thus to declare that stream not a,
highway.
Mr. McCRARY'. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this bill. The Iowa river is etftifely within
the State of Iowa, and, as is perfectly well
known to the entire delegation of the State, it
is in no sense a navigable'stream.
Mr. ALLISON. .And never has been.
Mr. McCRARY. But some gentlemen are,
apprehensive of'litigation on the subject, and
hence the passage of this bill is desired. The
delegation of the State is unanimous in its
favor, The question is one which does not
affect at all the constituents of the gentleman
