1870.
THE CONGEESSIOJSM.tr GLOBE^
mi
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States. I am astonished that any Senator
should contend upon the floor of this body that
a State may be admitted into this Union upon
a fundamental condition that she shall have no
representation in Congress upon the happening
of a certain contingency.
Why, sir, the Constitution gives absolutely
to every State a right to representation in both
branches of Congress, and if she has not that
representation she is no State; and when Con-
gress undertakes under any circumstances or
under any conceivable condition of things to
say that a State which is a State in all other
respects and for all other purposes shall not
have her Senators and her Representatives in
Congress it violates the Constitution of the
United States, or it is impossible to violate that
Constitution.
It will not do, it strikes me, to answer this
proposition by any eloquent allusions to the
history of reconstruction or to the course of the
rebels. I fully sympathize with all that Sen-
ators say upon that subject. Nor do I under-
stand that any one who opposes this proposition
in any way withdraws from the position here-
tofore taken in reference to reconstruction. I
stand upon that subject where I have always
stood. But whoever heard before, since the
formation of this Government, of any propo-
sition as a fundamental condition to the ad-
mission of a State that in any contingency her
Senators and Representatives should be kicked
out of Congress?
Sir, it is this new proposition to which I
object; and while it may be true that hereafter
Congress may be required to deal with the
States that have been restored, to use the lan-
guage of the Senator from Indiana, the time
will never come in the history of this country,
so long as this Constitution stands, when we
can say to the Senators or Representatives of
a State occupying their seats in Congress, " Go
hence! Leave this body! You have no right
to occupy seats here!" We may deal with the
people; we may do that which is necessary
to protect life, liberty, and property; we may
secure to the people, if they are deprived of a
republican form of government, the right to
that kind of government; but it is going too
far to say that a majority of the States or any
number of the States can deprive a minority
of their representation in Congress. I hope,
sir, that position never will be taken, and I
hope that the exigencies of the Country never
will require us to occupy such a position.
I have suggested, and I will repeat, what
seems to me to be all that is necessary upon
this subject, and that is for Congress to enact
in connection with this measure a clausc de-
claring that the fifteenth amendment has been
ratified by the Legislature of Virginia; for if
the Legislature of Virginia can repeal its own
act it cannot repeal the legislation of Congress.
By the measure with the amendment I have
suggested, as we assume the right to legislate
for Virginia, we declare in this act of admission i
that she has duly ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, and that fixes it by
the legislation of Congress; and whatever her
subsequent course may be it will not affect the
validity of that legislation. It seems to me j
that this will answer every purpose; and cer-
tainly it is free from many of the objections that
exist to the amendment of the Senator from j
Missouri.
message fro.u the HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 107) authorizing the issue of
blankets to enlisted men of company B, tenth j
infantry, to replace others destroyed by fire; j
in which it requested the concurrence of the j
Senate. !
rollin white veto message.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porteh,
his Secretary, returning to the Senate, in which
House it originated, the bill (S. No. 273) for
the relief of Rollin White, with his objections
thereto in writing.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the question before the Senate be
postponed, for the purpose of taking up the
message of the President returning a bill to the
Senate with his objections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the pending business will be inform-
ally passed over without losing its place, and
the Chair will submit to the Senate the veto
message of the President.
Mr. STEWART. I object to having the
Virginia bill laid aside unless it be simply
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
suggested that it be laid aside informally until
the Chair could submit the veto message of
the President of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message
will bo read.
The Secretary read as follows-:
To the Senate of the United States:
I return herewith without my approval Senate
bill No. 273, entitled "All act for the relief of Ro!liif
"White," for tlie reasons set forth in the accompany-
ing communication, dated December 11,18G9, from
the chief of ordnance.
U. S. GllAKT.
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. C., January 11,1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not worth while to
read all those communications. I move that
the bill and the message and documents be
referred to the committee from which the bill
was reported. I do not know what committee
that was.
Mr. FERRY. I understand, though I was
not here at the time, that the bill came from
the Committee on Patents, and therefore that
is the committee to which it should now go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the message and papers will bo
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Patents. There being no objection, they were
referred,
Mr. COCKLING. Has the whole of the
message been read ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been, but
there are eight or ten accompanying papers.
The Senate now resumes the consideration of
the joint resolution declaring Virginia entitled
to representation in Congress.
Mr. THAYER. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Nebraska withdraw his motion for a moment?
I wish to make an inquiry about this veto.
Mr. THAYER. I will yield tlie floor for
that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] understood that it was
respectful to the President that we should at
once hear the veto message read. Now, after
the veto message has been read, a motion is
made audit is understood to be carried, I think
without a vote, to refer it to a committee. 1
wish to inquire of the Chair whether such a
thing as the referring of a veto message to a
committee has ever occurred in the history of
legislation before? The Constitution says that
the House to which the veto is sent shall pro-
ceed to reconsider the bill. Now, is it usual to
refer a veto message ?
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. STEWART. It
is a private bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The principle is the same
in reference to a private bill as a public bill. <
Mr. WILSON. I think the papers had
better be printed, and lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the inquiry of the Senator from Illinois,
as it has been addressed to him. The Chair is
of opinion that the Senator from Illinois con-
strues the Constitution correctly. He is famil-
iar with the clause to which he has referred.
The experience of the last few yeai^has made
all who have been connected with public
affairs familiar with it. The Constitution' says
'that the objections of the President shall be
entered on the Journal of the House to which
he returns the bill, and that the body shall
proceed to reconsider the bill. But the Chair,
in entertaining the motion to refer to a com-
mittee, only followed a precedent of the Senate.
A message was received by the Senate from
the last President of the United States, Mr.
Johnson, returning with his objections a bill
admitting Colorado into the Union, and it
was referred to the Committee on Territories,
and, according to the recollection of the Chair,
was never reported back by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is an im-
proper practice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, however,
a precedent of the Senate, and therefore the
Chair conformed to it by entertaining the
motion to refer.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the message will go
upon the table, and be printed with the accom-
panying papers, and after they are printed we
can take it up and act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state when the motion to refer was
made that in his opinion that motion was not
a proper one in accordance with the Constitu-
tion, but the precedent has been the other way
and therefore the Chair did not decline to enter-
tain the motion. One or two other veto mes-
sages have been referred in this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is an improper
course of proceeding.
Mr. THAYER. I move to reconsider the
vote on the reference of the message.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move now that the mes-
sage lie on the table, and be printed with the
accompanying papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the question will be put at once on
the motion of the Senator from Kansas^
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to submit an amend-
ment to the pending bill with regard to the
admission of Virginia, and to ask that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be received informally, and ordered to be
printed, if there be no objection.
Mr. THAYER. I have been requested by
several Senators to modify my motion, and to
move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 11, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
ADMISSION OF VIBGINIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether there is not an error in the
Journal of yesterday's proceedings in reference
to the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House ordered the main question on my
joint resolution for the admission of the State
of Virginia?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgham] desires to call attention to the
Journal as made up by the Journal clerk in
reference to the vote upon the joint resolution
for the admission of Virginia to representation
in Congress. Upon an actual transfer of the
names of those voting on the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered upon the passage or the joint
resolution introduced by the' gentleman fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] it was found that the
vote was 77 to 77. The_ Speaker's vote was
recorded as it was originally given, in tho
