1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5449
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would simply state that this person discharged
the duties of an assissant assessor, but did not
take all the oaths required for the first few
months, from the simple fact of the iron-clad
oath being required to be taken. He was a
loyal citizen, and as soon as it became known
that the law required him to take the iron-clad
oath he took it, although he had previously
entered on the discharge of the duties of his
office. The 1 aw was such, however, that his
accounts could not be settled, as he did not take
that oath as soon as he was required to do it.
There is no question that he faithfully discharged
all the duties of his office in every respect.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly rcad-the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed as the committee of conference on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 15.33) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1871, Mr. Waskdvrs, of
Wisconsin, Mr. Scofield, and Mr. Niblack.
expenses ok indian delegations.
Mr. PITCH. When my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in the early part of this
session, astonished his friends——
Mr. DAWES. And astounded his enemies.
Mr. FITCH. And delighted the Demo-
cratic side of this House by his severe scoring
of the estimates of the Administration, and
brought "sorrow to the souls of the Pennsyl-
vania delegation by his onslaught on League
Island, I did not attemptto criticise his course,
although I marveled at it. Ithoughttheremust
be some good reason for it, and although ap-
pearances were against him, continued to place
great confidence, not only in his skill as a
guardian of the Treasury, but also in his abili-
ties as a partisan leader.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, if I had sup-
posed the speech of the gentleman was going
to be anything like that, 1 would not have
yielded to him. [Laughter.]
Mr. FITCH. When, later in the session,
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
sounded his economical trumpet before the
walls of the Carson mint, I certainly expected to
see that institution disappear like Jericho of
old before the blast of this new angel of the
Treasury protectors. Happily for Carson, that
result did not follow his effort, although the
walls trembled from turret to foundation-stone.
Now, I laid up no malice against my friend
fiom Massachusetts, although at the other end
of this Capitol the genial and distinguished
senior Senator from Nevada gazed with dismay
at the uplifted knife and mourned over the
prospective loss of his one ewe lamb. I laid
up no malice against ray friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] because I was satisfied
he had some good purpose in view, some deep
design that would one day become apparent.
And when a little later admirals trembled and
commodores went down discomfited under the
assault that was made upon their pay by the
economical committee of which the economical
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
the chairman, 1 was still satisfied to cooperate
with him, or at least not to criticise him, because
I was sure that at some time or other, some-
where or other, we would learn the reason for
this extraordinary conduct on (he part of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Sir, 1 think 1 have now the key to the whole
matter. The gentleman from Massachusetts
was saving up the money for Spotted Tail and
his squaws. If it had not been for that, 1 am
sure my friend, insteadof endeavoring to secure
the passage of this joint resolution, would have
raised his voice in denunciation of the policy
that proposes to take $50,000 of the people's
money and expend it upon a lot of squalid and
murderous savages. He would have denounced
loudly the idea of taking money from the pub-
lie Treasury to furnish champagne cocktails,
boxes at the opera, strawberries and cream,
and all the luxuries of the season for these
savages, who were entertained by the President
as distinguished guests, and to pay attention to
whom Senators and Cabinet ministers vied in
their efforts.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] had understood Indian customs he
would have known that every eagle's plume in
the red head-dress of Red Cloud, which at-
tracted the attention of the country and excited
the comment of the reporters of the press, sig-
nified a scalp taken perhaps from the head of
some white man or woman. Had that been
understood by those v?ho waited upon these
red brethren and sisters, I am sure no Senator
or Secretary or Representative would have
pressed forward to take the hand of the dis-
tinguished horse-beggar and scalp-gatherer,
Red Cloud, or the distinguished Spotted Tail
and his lovely and accomplished squaws. I
know my friend from Massachusetts could not
have understood that, or we would not have
him here to-day pressing for an appropriation
of $50,000 for the purpose indicated in this
joint resolution.
I suppose the House will vote this money;
but I would rather it were an appropriation to
furnish rifles and ammunition to the people of
Arizona, who are murdered and scalped at the
very thresholds of their houses in the very
eapital of that Territory, while economy for-
bids that they should be defended by our Army
and red tape refuses them an opportunity to
defend themselves. I am informed that when
the Governor of that Territory, failing to get
the requisite authority from here, and being
practically denied protection from the troops,
undertook to issue the bonds of the Territory,
or by private subscriptions to raise companies
to go out and fight the Apaches, who have
murdered our citizens and practically driven
them out of Arizona, the order came from the
War Department that no private expeditious
against the Indians could be permitted.
I suppose the House will vote this money;
but I desire that itshall be distinctly understood
that while I have no hostility to good Indians—
although I have never met any that I consid-
ered particularly valuable, and I have come in
contact with some of them—no voice or vote
of mine shall ever be given in favor of minis-
tering to their self-importance by the absurd
and fruitless policy of bringing them to visit
the Great Father at Washington. I say it is
an unwise policy; for those Indians, instead
of being ''impressed with the magnitude and
power of this nation," as the gentleman from ,
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] suggests, derive i
the impression that when you bring them here
to feast them and cajole them you are afraid
of them and are trying to conciliate them.
Why, sir, so useless was this expedition for
which we are asked to pay $50,000 that even
while Red Cloud was on his way back to the
Indian country his associates attacked and
fired upon passenger trains upon the Union
Pacific railroad. j
I say that this is a mistaken policy. I sup- |
pose that those who have incurred these ex- j
penses will be placed in an embarrassing posi
tion if we do not vote this appropriation. Rut
no vote of mine shall ever be given for it. With
due regard to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] whom I do not intend to |
criticise personally, for I know he cannot be j
aware of the facts of the ease, I say that when j
I go back to my constituents I shall be able to j
assure them that f did not participate in the
general rush of Senators and Representatives
who crowded forward to visit these savages and
clasp hands red with the blood of the emigrants
they had sealped and murdered on the plains;
I shall be able td say that ho hand of mine was
offered to them and no voice of mine shall ever
be given for an appropriation out of the public
Treasury to supply them with presents and
surround them with luxurious appliances.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. I think we understand this matter now.
Mr. C A VANAUGIf. Will not the gentle-
man yield to me for five miuiites?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. CAVANAUQH.' Then I hope this
appropriation will be defeated.
Mr. DA'WES. I want merely to say that
this appropriation is no part of the policy of
Congress; it belongs to the policy of the Ex-
ecutive. I only regret that my distinguished
and brilliant friend from Nevada [Mr. Fitch]
did not address all of his speech except the
funny part to the Executive before this expense
was incurred. If my friend had only done so
before Red Cloud and Spotted Tail were sent
for 1 have no doubt they would have been per-
mitted to remain in their original lair till ''the
last syllabic of recorded time." [Laughter.]
But inasmuch as they have been sent for, and
inasmuch a3 the expenditure has been incurred,
I venture to call the previous question, because,
without feeling any great personal responsi-
bility on this question myself, I am a supporter
of the Administration in this matter of expend-
iture.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We are glad to hear that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. And I do not intend to attack
the Administration except when it is neces-
sary. [Laughter.] Before calling the previous
question, I yield, according to promise, to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] to
offer an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
reducing the amount of the appropriation to
$25,000.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Bexjamin was not
agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 79, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Bingham, Blair,
Booker,George At. Brooks, Bufiinton, liurdctt, Ben-
jamin F. Butler. Cake, Churchill, Ooburn, Oowles,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Bla,
Perriss, ferry, J:isiier, G-arheld, Giltillan, Hamilton,
il-.iris. Hays, IteSin, Hoar, Ho'chkiss, ingersoll,
Judd, Kolley. Kellogg. Kelsey.Knunp, Lafhn, Lash,
Maynard, McCarthy, ileOrary, McGrew, jHcKensie,
Mereui'. Jesse it. I'ioore, ilorptus, Darnel J. JUor-
rcil, Mysvs, N iblack, 0'Kcill, <Mh, Psck:ml, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Poland, Porter, Pros-
ser,Roots, Sareent, Sawyer,Sehumakcr, Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J. Smiui, Worthington
C. Snyith.WiiiiamSmyth, Stevenson, Stoke^. Snonj;,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,Townsend,XwicbelI, U;>son,
CadwaladerC. Washbnrn, Welker, Wheeler. Will&rd,
John T. Wilson, and Wiaans—UL
NAYS—.Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Axtell, Barnaul,
Barry, Benjamin, Biggs. Bird, Boles, James Brooks,
Buckley, liurr, Calkin, Sidney CiarRe, Aiaasa Cobb,
Conger. Oox, Ciebs, Cullom,Darra]!, Degener, Dick-
inson, Farnsworth, ^'mke-lnburg, Bitch, Fox, (ietz,
Gnswotd, liaight, Bawkinsv jlayv Hill, Holmun,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketchani, Knott,
Lewis, Loughudge.Mayham, itfcCormick, McNeely,
jVhlnes, Bhakun IX. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Peck,
Potter, Heoves, Iliee, Rogers, Scofield, Shanks, Xjio-
nel A. Sheldon, Sheriod, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stiles, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann. Swee-
ney, Tafi'e, Trimble,Tyner,Van Auken. Van Trump,
Van Wjek. Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Weils,
Whittnore,Williams, Eugene il. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Beaman,
TSeatty.Beek, Bennett. Benton, Bowen, Boyd, Hack,
Burehard, lloderick K. Butler, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook,
Oovode, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Eklridge, Gibson,
lialdeman, llale, iIambleton,Hs.miil,l[awley, iloge,
