1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
Mr. SARGENT. I move that ibis bill be
laid asidi for the purpose of being reported to
the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole take up the deficiency
appropriation bill. [
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question. There
is a special order which has precedence.
Mr. LA WHENCE. The deficiency bill is a
special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. But a special order of
later date.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Committee of the
Whole can lay aside the pending bill and take
up the deficiency bill, which is also a special
order.
Mr. SARGENT. This matter is for the
coin rait tee to determine. At the request of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] I ,
moved to lay aside the pending bill that it may
be reported to the House. 1 have no wish to
influence the committee as to the business
which it shall next take up.
Mr. SCHENCK. In reply to the suggestion j
of my colleague, [Mr. Lawrence,] I will say
that it is not in the power of the Committee
of the Whole to set aside the order of the
House. «.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is necessary that this !
deficiency bill should be acted ou immediately, j
A great number of Government employes, |
laborers and others, are waiting for the passage
of this bill in order to get their pay. The bill .
is brief and I think we can put it through in a
very short time. It is absolutely necessary j
that we should at once provide for the payment
of these laborers. The bill also contains an
appropriation for continuing the post office at
New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not care
about that; I want to reduce taxation.
The CHAIRMAN. What is the gentleman's
motion ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. To lay aside the pres-
ent bill and to take up the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent, as there are other pre-
vious speeial orders.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to inquire ho* long
a bill this deficiency appropriation bill is. I
do not with to object if it will not take up too
much time, but as the tariff bill is the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and one oi the members of
the Committee ef Ways and Means wishes to
be lieard when that bill is taken up I desire he
shall have an opportunity to be heard, as he is
called away from this city by special business.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the Chair to recon-
sider the point of order decided by him, for I
am satisfied he is mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair declines to
do it, as he is satisfied he is right.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to say, as there is some
confusion in regard to special orders, that the
first in order is the military bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is in the House; this
is in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. LOGAN. But we have to go back into
the House, and wlien we do it the military bill
is the first special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. It depends upon the ma-
jority of this Honse.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course if the majority votes
to lay aside the military bill and take up the
gentleman's tariff bill it has the right to do so;
hot I shall ask the Honse to consider the mili-
tary bill. It is as important as the tariff bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand it requires
unanimous consent to lay aside this bill and
take np another appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It requires unanimous
consent to lay aside and postpone other bills
which have precedence; but a majority of the
House may do it.
Mr. SARGENT. I will solve the matter by
moving that the committee rise for the purpose
of reporting the bill to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that the amendments be con-
curred in and the bill be passed.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Mercuk re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for tlie cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending 30tl  J une, 1871, and for other purposes,
and had directed him to report the same back
to the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. SARGENT demanded the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the •
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were severally
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
j it was accordingly read the third time, and
! passed.
| Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
; ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. There are several gen-
tlemen claiming the floor on privileged ques-
tions.
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report from the Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
order of business, and it will be the object of
the Speaker to leave it to be decided by the
majority of the Honse. The chairman of the
J Committee on Military Affairs reported a bill
j from that committee which has been the spe-
cial order for several weeks in the House after
the morning hour. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Butler] represents a com-
mittee which has the privilege to report at any
time, and occupies the floor to exercise that
right now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yielded
for a morning hour, and gave notice that I
would call up the bill.
The SPEAKER. That conferred no addi-
tional right on the gentleman. It simply con-
veyed an intimation to the House. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
makes a motion which interferes with the
rights of both the other gentlemen, that the
rules be suspended and that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
If the House chooses to suspend the rules this
will take away the rights of the gentleman
from Illinois and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the House will not
do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps we may be able
to come to some understanding about it. I
desire to say that a member of the committee
on the other side of the House, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] being about
to be called away on important business for a
week, is exceedingly anxious to have the bill
taken into Committee of the Whole for gen-
eral debate to-day so that he may make his
hour's speech. After that I am quite willing
that the House should make its choice whether
to go on with the bill or not.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word or two.
My impression is that the bill, with the amend-
ment proposed, will not occupy more than two
days. I am willing to agree with the gentle-
man, if the House will consent to it, to com-
mence with the bill on Monday next, giving
way for the two or three remaining days of
tins week
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
no agreement in regard to the devoting of Mon-
day to any special business can possibly take
away the right of the House to suspend all
rules on that day.
Mr.' LOGAN. Then I will say Tuesday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to recognize
the bill of the Military Committee as having
precedence in the House. I do not desire to
interpose my bill as an obstruction to having
that one considered on an early day. But for
the purpose I have named we may go into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill either
now or to-morrow after the morning hour, so
as to give the member of the committee who
desires to leave an opportunity of speaking, if
not to-day at least to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. The matter may easily be
arranged. If the gentleman will agree not to
take his bill into Committee of the Whole on
Tuesday after the morning hour, and that my
bill may then be considered and taken up, on
that understanding I will give way to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
Chair now allow me a single word ?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusettsdesires to be heard, and is recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say this: here is the bill for admitting the
State of Georgia, on which I gave way for the
purpose of having a morning hour when I last
had the opportunity of moving to {rat the bill
on its passage. It has now been waiting for a
number of days, and the fifteenth amendment
1 is waiting our action on the Georgia bill. _ I
| do not propose to have a long debate on it.
! The bill is precisely the same as those which
j have already been discussed with reference to
! Virginia and Mississippi, and I desire at the
I earliest possible moment that the House shall
act upon it. You will remember, sir  
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, that
will not do. I had the floor for the Georgia
bill, and gate way for the very purpose of
allowing business to gH on. Having thus given
way, I think the time has arrived -when ordi-
nary, proper courtesy toward a sovereign State
requires that this bill with reference to Georgia
Bhould be taken into consideration.
The SPEAKER. The test motion which
will enable the House to decide the question
of precedence will be the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Those who wish to take
up the Georgia bill at once can accomplish
their object by voting my motion down.
The SPEAKER. If the Hpose refoMes to
suspend the rules and go into tJom tail tee of
the Whole on the tariff bill, B wiH then he the
duty of the Chair to recognize the gentleman
from Massachusetts, "who gave special notice
that he would call up the Georgia bill this
afternoon.
The question being put on Mr. Schenck s
motion, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 70, noes 55.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts and Mr. Schenck were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers-
reported—ayes 71, noes 57.
So the motion that the rules be_ suspended
and that the House go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the House goea
into Committee of the Whole, the Chair will
lay before the House certain executive com-
munications.
CLAIMS AGAINST VENEZUELA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
