1370.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4505
Vermont has modified liis amendment so fts to
read:
"Jhat nothing herein contained shall he held to
apfily to f lie fraciking privilege of persons UPOn whom
By name it has been specially conferred by law,
- The words proposed to be stricken o.ut by the
Senator from Wisconsin >vill be read :
The Cinpl' Oleek. The vyords proposed to
be stricken oat are:
And all Public documents issued by tbo present or
hy any previous Congress may bo sent or reeeiyed by
ail persons entitled to send or receive the same fjee
of postage, iipon being properly franked .by or ad-
dressed to those now entitled to the franking- privi-
lege, and all petitions and remonstrances of citizens
of the United States may be transmitted to Senators
and Representatives in Congress through the mails
free of postage.
Mr. DRAKE. I woijld inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, if his amend-
ment prevails, what is to become of the tons
and tons of publie documents which have been
•Dublished at the expense of this Government
tfor distribution among the people—not pub-
lished for our accommodation, but published
with a view to distribution among the people?
Mr. HOWE. I will modify my amendment,
J understood those words to authorize a con-
tinuance of the right to frank public docnaj ents;
but I see they are confined to the documents
of the present Congress or previous Congresses
not yet disposed of. I will therefore modify
my amendment and move to strike out all
after the word "privilege," in the thirteenth
line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words now
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
Tlie Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be stricken out are :
And all petitions and remonstrances of citizens of
the United States may be transmitted to (Senators
and licpreiontatiycs in Congress through the mails
free of postage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rather hope
that will not be done. It seems to me that the
petitions that are sent to Congress ought to
come free.
Mr. DRAKE. In almost every case that I
have ever known, except in these franking-
privilege petitions that came from postmasters,
petitions eome here with the postage paid upon
them, as do eight out of every ten letters that
are received by Senators and Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This will not prevent the
petitioner from paying his postage.
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. HOWE. It will prevent a few from
sending their petitions free, while the great
bulk of them pay postage on their petitions, as
they do now. But there is no reason why a
man who wants to petition Congress should
not pay his postage just as well as a man who
wants to write to a member for any other pur-
pose. Besides, if you save a right to send a
petition here, it will be an easy thing to put a
petition in every letter to members of Con-
gress; and most of the letters that come to me
do contain a petition.
Mr. SUMNER. With regard to petitions
coming free, 1 have to say that in England
when what was there very justly called the
franking privilege—I do not accept the term
as applicable to our own country ; 1 call it the
franking system in our country—when what
was known as the franking privilege in Lug-
lam] was given up, there was a freedom ex-
pressly reserved through the^inails for all pe-
titions to the queen or to Parliament, and that
has been followed ever since. The change
took place, you will remember, in 1840. and
down to this day the rule has eontinued that
all petitions up to a certain weight, whether
addressed to the queen or to Parliament, go
free.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] to the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, [Air. Moriull.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall vqte for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, and when
that or any other amendment has been adopted
by the Senate, I shall then move a general sub-
stitute for the whole bill-
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite obvious we
shall not finish this bill to-night without staying
very late. I again move, in the hope that Sen-
ators will see the propriety of it, that wo pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and if, after we dispose of that, it is the
pleasure of the Senate to open the doors and
go on with this bill I shall not object; but we
ought to do some executive business.
j'he VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the motion of tiie Senator from Vermont,
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 129, noes 24.
Mi*. CARPEN TER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator would
withdraw his motion until I have an oppor-
tunity to move an adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
has priority.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 10, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. in.
Prayer by Rev. VV. E. Parsons.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
duty on coal.
Mr. SOHENCK reported from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means a bill (II. 11. No. 2211)
to abolish the duty on coal; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it cnacted, &o„ That from and after the passage
of this act the following shall be added to the nutn-
her of imported articles exempt irom duty:
Coal, bituminous, and ot'every other kind.
Mr. CESSNA. I make the point of order
that this bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCIIEXCK. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. When does the gentleman
propose to take up this bill?
Air. SOHENCK. That depends upon the
House.
Air. BROOKS, of New York. We do not
hear on (his side of the House. This is an
important subject, and we wish to understand
tins colloquy.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred
to (he Committee of the Whole o-n the state
of the Union, and also to move that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table._
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We did not
hear the response of the chairman of the Opm-
mitt.ee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WARD. The inquiry I made of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, having charge ot" the bill, was, when
he would move to go into the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union to take
up the bill. I'believe lie has the right to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union whenever ho can be recog-
nized.
Air. COX. Is it in order to move to go into
the Oo'mmittee of the Whole on th,e state ol
the Union now?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not been instructed
tg make, tig bill p., special order. I have re-
ferred it as a, tajc bill, and jt will come up at
any time it can be reached in the Committee
pf the Whple on the state of tbe TJnipo', or the
House can })\ the mean time discharge the
Cpjntnittee of tlm Whole op the state of the
Union from the further consideration of it.^
Mr. WARD. Cauiwt it be mttde a'special
order?
The gPE4KE8>. The position of the bill
would not be essentially different whether made
■4 special order pr referred. If made a special
fij'per it would be subsequent to all previous
special orders in the Committee of the Whole
0n the state of the Union. If referred to the
comiijit,tee without being made a special order
R13 within thgjMijver of a majority of the House
iPFye
to set ttsi$e iafJfFyening special orders and take
it qp. To discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, as intimated by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, would require a two-thirds vote,
Mr. SCHENCK. It would require a sys-
pension of the rules and a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER. Which could be done only
on Monday after the morning hour. It is within
the power of a majority to set aside interven-
ing special orders and take up this bill.
Air, WARD. 1 askthegentleman from Ohio
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and ta&e that bill up
for action now.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to set
aside the intervening special orders?
The SPEAKER. Not until after the morn-
ing hour. The special orders are all after the
morning hour, and no motion dealing with them
could be entertained until the morning hour
had passed. It will not be within the power
of the majority to reach the bill until after the
morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say this: be-
lieving as '1 do that the passage of this bill
would rob the Government of so much revenue,
without affecting the price of coal anywhere
except along the New England border, I am
not in favor of it. I report it from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meansby instruction of the
House, and I "am willing, so far as I am con-
cerned, to s&y I will afford the amplest oppor
tumty to the friends of tlje bill to take it up for
consideration and action.
Air. WARD. That is ail I ask,
Mr. WOOD. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. It relates to the priority
of business.
Air. COX. The gentleman from Ohio has
acted conspicuously honorably in reporting this
bill, and now I ask that, he will ask to take it
up and pass it now.
Mr. GETZ, I demand the regular order of
business.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Air. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
security oh livus of passknqljrs.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, fiom
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(II. R. No. 2212) to provide for the belter
security of life on boaid of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, oidered to be printed, and recommitted.
Air. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
nioved that the motion to reconsider he laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUKHARAQES Of PENSION.
Mr. TILLMAN, by unanimous oonseni, u
troduced a joint resolution (H. K. No, uol
1)
