3562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
officer, when any such requisition shall be received
by him, to attend at the place and for the time therein
designated.
Skc. 12. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, or such
person os he may empower for that purpose, to em-
ploy such part of the land or naval forces of the
United States, or of the militia, as shall be deemed
necessary to prevent the violation and enforce the
due execution of this act.
Skc. 13. And be it further enacted. That whenever
nny person shall hold office, except as a member of
Congress or of some State Legislature, contrary to
the provisions of the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, it shall be the duty of the district
attorney of theUnited States for the district in which
such person shall hold office as aforesaid to proceed
against such per- on by writ of quo xoarranto, return-
able to the circuit or district court of the United
States in such district, and to prosecute the same to
the removal of such person from office; and any writ
ot qno warranto so brought as aforesaid shall take
precedence of all other cases on the docket of the
court to which it is made ret irnable, and shall not
be continued unless for cause proved to the satisfac-
tion of the court.
Sbc. 14. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall hereafter knowingly accept or hold any
office under the United States or any State, to which
he is ineligible under the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, or who shall attempt to hold or
exercise the duties of any such office, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor against the United States,
and upon conviction thereof before the cireuit or
district court of the United States shall be impris-
oned not more than one year and fined not exceed-
ing $1,000, and shall forever be disqualified to hold
any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United
States or any State.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That all persons
within the jurisdiction of the United States shall
have the same right in every State and Territory in
the United States to make and enforce contracts, to
sue, be parties, give evidence, and to the full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the
security of person and property as is enjoyed by
white citizens, and shall be subject to like punish-
ments, pains, penalties, taxes, licenses, ana exac-
tions of every kind, and none other, any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the con-
trary notwithstanding. No tax or charge shall be
imposed or enforced by any State upon any person
emigrating thereto from a foreign country which is
not equally imposed and enforced upon every person
emigrating to such State from any other foreign
country, and any law of any State in conflict with
this provision is hereby declared null and void.
Sbc. 16. And be it farther enacted. That any person
who, under color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or custom, shall subject, or cause to be
subjected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory
to the deprivation of any right secured or protected
by this act, or to different punishment, pains, or
penalties, on account of such person being an alien,
or by reason of his color or race, than is prescribed
for the punishment of citizens, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of
the court.
Sbc. 17. And be it further enacted, That the act to
protect all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindication,
passed April 9,1866, is hereby reenacted; and said
act, except the first and second sections thereof, is
hereby referred to and made a part of this act; and
section fifteen and section sixteen hereof shall be
enforced according to the provisions of said act.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the attention of the
Senate for a moment to a personal explana-
tion. I would not encroach on the time of this
debate for any explanation which concerned
myself only, but my attention has been called
to a few words which I uttered yesterday as
doing injustice to others. I desire very briefly
to call attention to the remarks which were
thought to do that injustice, and to say a word
in explanation of what I thought I did say and
what I intended to say. The remarks referred
to 1 will take the liberty of reading from the
Globe:
"The rebellion took into its vortex the whole
southern population, with exceptions absolutely in-
significant in number. All classes were bound up
in sympathy with it. Every man, woman, and child,
with, as I said, insignificant exceptions, had but one
aspiration so far as the political situation was con-
cerned; and that was that the southern confeder-
acy and the cause of the rebellion might triumph.
Here and there a man of generally very slight polit-
ical or social significance among his fellows was or
professed to be a loyal man."
It has been called to my attention that there are
several distinguished exceptions to the disloy-
alty of the South throughout the States lately
in rebellion. I need only refer to such names
as Pettigru, Durant, and others which might
be named of equal significance, to show that
some of the exceptions were very significant.
I need only point to those native-born south-
erners who are on this floor, who are honored
in their own States, and were signal excep-
tions to this disloyalty, to show that no such
idea could have been in my mind as that which
would suppose that there were no marked
exceptions to the disloyalty of the South. I
referred simply to the number of persona when
I said that the exceptions were insignificant,
and I wish so to be distinctly understood.
But while I am upon this point I wish to say
that even if the man whose name I first men-
tioned, James L. Pettigru, were now alive,
he would be disqualified from holding office
under the Government of the United States
by the fourteenth amendment,; that even he,
with every pulsation of his heart beating in
harmony with the cause of the Union, would
by the restrictions of that amendment be inel-
igible to a seat on this floor or to the holding
of a petty post office.
Mr. HOWARD. Did Mr. Pettigru take part
in the war of the rebellion against the United
States?
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. Pettigru accepted the
office of codifier of the laws of the State of
South Carolina from a rebel Legislature.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chand-
ler in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, on reading
the second section of the House bill more care-
fully than I was able to do before I have come
to the conclusion that it does not restrain and
punish violent opposition to the registration of
voters. I can hardly conceive how that wa3
omitted by the party who drafted this bill.
The language is:
And any person who shall, by force, frand, intimi-
dation, or other unlawful means whatsoever, prevent
any colored citizen from voting at any such election
who possesses the qualifications, except in respect
of color, requisite to enable a white citizen to vote
thereat, shall, upon conviction thereof, &c.
I rather think that that section would not
apply to violent opposition made to a party
offering to register himself simply, because I
think the word "qualifications" here must re-
fer, if it refers to anything, to the registration
of the voter. I think that is a very serious
omission; and if it be in order, I beg to offer
an amendment to it so as to bring that sort of
violence within the operation of the clause. I
will offer the following amendment, after the
word "from," in line nine of the second sec-
tion, to insert:
Registering his name preparatory to voting, or
from doing any other act required by law as a pre-
requisite to voting, or from.
So as to read:
And any person who shall by force, fraud, intimi-
dation, orother unlawful means whatsoever.prevent
any colored citizen from registering his name pre-
paratory to voting, or from doing^any other act re-
quired by law as a prerequisite to voting, or from
voting at any such election, &o.
Mr. NYE. I inquire whether, the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] having moved
an amendment as a substitute for the House
bill, this amendment is in order for discussion
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the original bill before the motion
to strike out and insert a substitute is put.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
Mr. STEWART. I should like to take the
sense of the Senate which bill they would pre-
fer to act on. The substitute may need some
amendments, but the House bill will have to
be done all over before it will begin to answer
the purpose. I suggest whether it would not
be better to take the sense of the Senate on
the substitute, and then amend that if any
amendment is necessary to it.
Mr. HOWARD. The difficulty would be
that if we adopt the substitute as a whole we
cannot afterward amend it.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; by addition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not by alteration.
Mr. STEWART. We can come into the
Senate, then, and it can be amended to any
6Xt6Q t
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator wishes to
take a vote of the Senate on the question of
substituting his bill for the one before the Sen-
ate, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will not do that. If the Senate bill
were adopted as a substitute for the House bill
then it is true that in the Senate you could
amend by adding to it; but you could not strike
anything out of it. The point made by the
Senator from Michigan is perfectly correct;
you cannot amend it except by adding some-
thing to it; you cannot amend by striking out,
if it has been adopted as a substitute for the
House bill. Such I understand to be the rule.
Mr. STEWART. After we get into the
Senate we can amend it.
Mr. THURMAN. Not by striking out. You
can add to it, but not strike out from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that it can be done in the Senate,
although not in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. That will be the same
thing practically.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senate will
go on and perfect the House bill, and then let
the motion be made to strike it out. That is
the more regular course.
Mr. HOWARD. That had occurred to me
as being the more regular proceeding.
Mr. STEWART. It will take several days
to perfect the House bill. If you are willing
to take the labor of the committee, let us have
the sense of the Senate. If the Senate wish to
ignore entirely what the committee have done,
and propose to commence with the House bill
as a basis, let us understand it. If the Senate
is going to make the labor of the committee
as it is a basis for perfecting a bill, we had
better adopt the substitute, and then we can
amend it in the Senate as much as we desire.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I have examined
both these bills, and I think both are defective.
I believe it will be easier to amend the Senate
bill so as to make it what it should be than it
will be to amend the House bill. I understand
that the motion of the Senator from Nevada is
to substitute the Senate bill for the House bill.
I suppose if that substitution were made it
would then be too late to amend the Senate
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that after the bill comes into the Senate
from the Committee of the Whole it may then
be amended.
Mr. STEWART. Or we can do as we did
yesterday, consider the substitute as an original
bill and leave it open to amendment. That
was done by unanimous consent yesterday.
Then we can have the same freedom of amend-
ment.
Mr. POOL. I think the time necessary to
amend the Senate bill as it should be would be
very considerable, and it bad better be done
in committee than in the Senate. I suppose
that while the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada is pending, to substitute the Senate
bill, it will be proper to offer amendment after
amendment to that Senate bill, and to perfect
it. And when it is perfected, then the Senate
can vote whether they will substitute it for the
House bill or not. I rose simply to express it
as my judgment that we shall arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion sooner and better by amend-
ing the Senate bill, and substituting it, than
by attempting to amend the House bill in the
present stage of the proceedings.
Mr. STEWART. The Senate billas it stands
now is open to amendment.
Mr. POOL. So I understand.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment may be
amended. We may commence to perfect that;
but if we are going to commence our work with
the House bill we shall spend the whole day on
that without getting any nearer a result.
Mr. POOL. I think we shall arrive earlier
