1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2619
street. I cannot say theday of theweek or thetime
ot the day, but it was in the latter part of October,
m the evening, and I had been here probabJy at that
time twenty-four or forty-eight hours. I was then
*TtDg °? i corner.°f Baronne and Canal streets.
About eight o'clock in the evening, or perhaps ear-
lier, X saw a small procession of about one hundred
mixed white and colored men crossing Canal street
diagonally from Carondelet street to the left-hand
side of Canal street. I was looking atthe procession,
and I heard some crics and some cheering, which I
had heard for some time; and a second procession
marched on Canal street, just in the rear of the first
procession that I hadnotieed. Then I saw some men
and boys, who had apparently been lying down in
whatis called the neutral ground (that is in the center
of the street where the trees are planted) jump up
and fire some shots with pistols into the rear of this
lirst small mixed procession. As soon as these shots
were fired, those forming that procession dropped
their torches and stampeded. Precisely at that in-
stantthe white procession in the rear came up at what
we call a charge and fired into the mixed procession,
one man being on horscbaekin frontof theoi. When
they reached the front of my house, which was just
opposite the Mechanics' Institute, part of the pro-
cession wont up the street, the other part stopped and
fired down the street; what they fired at I do not
know, astherewasnobodyin sightin that direction."
* 1= * * * * .> 4- *
"Question. State whether anybody was hurtby that
fire.
"Answer. I saw three or four men down, and I saw
one man killed after he was down; that is the only
man 1 saw killed. This man had evidently been
wounded; he was in the rear of the first-procession—
the Republican procession—and after be was struck
he got on his hands and feet and he crawled up to the
neutral ground, when two or three men came up to
him; there was considerable shooting; and after-
word I saw him dead.
44Question. How was this procession thatwas fired
into conducting itself as to order ?
4 4 Answer. They were marching like all processions.
They seemed to be marching hurriedly, and as soon
as the shots were fired in their rear they threw down
their torches each way and broke.
"Question. Did you see any further occurrences
about the city anyway that night, or hear any firing ?
"Answer. I heard a great deal of firing every way
through the night. About twelve o'clock midnight
there was a good deal of sharp firing. There were
a thousand shots fired at the time of this charge,
and there was a great deal of desultory firing after-
ward. When these shots were fired I made the
remark that the man on horseback in frontof the
Democratic procesaion, I thought, would be killed,
because his own party were firing in the rear of him.
"Question, To what extent did the firing continue
over the city of New Orleans during the night ?
"Anawer. I only know from the reports.
44Question. What were the reports?
"Answer. Each one of my employes about the office
had something to tell me about the firing.
"Question. Over what districts did it extend?
"Answer. Through the fourth municipal district;
and there was some firing in the second municipal
district.
"Question. Can you state whether the firing was
above or below Canal street?
"Answer. I heard it both above and below Canal
street myself'.
"Question. IIow extensive was it reported to have
been above Canal street?
"Answer. I should suppose there was firing all over
the city, from the reports to me. I don't know how
heavy.
" Question. To what extent was it reported that men
had been killed oi otherwise injured?
'Vlnswer. The firstreports were very much exagger-
ated as to the men killed. The official reports after-
ward were six killed, and I have forgotten howmany
wounded. Perhaps it is as well to state that all this
iins been reported officially by me, and that that
official report wouM give you more accurate inform-
ation than X can now give from memory.
"Question. Was your report published?
"Answer. I don't know that it ever has been.
"Question. What was the complexion of the men
killed?
"Answer. The man I saw killed and the men re-
ported to me as killed were negroes,
"Question. How as to the injured; what was the
complexion of the men injured?
"Answer. They were negroes.
"Question. Prom that time, sayfor one week, what
was the condition of the city of New Orleans as to
peace and order?
"Answer, I should say very bad. I don't think
there was such a thing as peace and order here."
•ixspS. SsipaswH-# v
"Question. State whether you saw armed men in
squads upon the streets during that period.
"Answer. Yes, sir; I hare seen armed men to the
oxteut of three hundred in a body.
"Question. Did thatcondition of things extend over
the city generally?
"Answer. It did wherever 1 happened to be.
"Question. What were these armed squads doing?
"Answer. At one time I asked them what they were
doing. They told mo they were deputy policemen
and sheriffs.
"Question. Were they?
"Answer. I don't know.
"Question. Had they any uniforms on?
"Jjbwiocr. The Innoccnts Club had.'
Here I may say that tliis Innocents Club was
the guiltiest club in the city. They were named
Innocents in derision, or rather the men who
pomposed it gave it that name in irony. It
was a club composed of Spaniards and Sicil-
ians, or at least controlled by such men.
These are the desperadoes of that desperate
city.
"Question. What did you understand that Inno-
cents Olub to be ?
"Answer. A Democratic club—a Seymour club, as
they called it.
"Question. Did you see them commit any acts of
violence?
"Answer. I saw them going into houses on Basin
stroet, but I saw no acts of violence.
"^Question. Were they armed ?
"Answer. They were; they showed me their arms,
many of them.
"Question. Did the Innocents prowl around the
city of New Orleans during that period ?
"Answer. Men who said they were Innocents—I
could not say whether they were or not—were about
in squads, and I myself saw these men shoot at ne-
groes. 1 went to General Rousseau thnt morning
and told him what I had seen, and asked him to get
into the saddle and go down. 1 told him it was a
hunt; that I had seen twenty men hunting one
negro. He said, '1 willgo down at once and will stop
this thing; this has been going on for some time.'
It was in the first congressional district that this oc-
curred. lie gavo me an order for some cavalry; the
first company that went asked for more men to be
sent. What I had seen in the morning was this : the
squads who told me they belonged to the Innocents
were driving the negroes out of this district. Anegio
would come out on the street, and three or four would
break for him, firing at him, and tliey nearly always
got him; even if he ran eight or ten squares he would
probably be knocked over before they got through.
I talked with a great many of these men, and they
told me they were hunting negroes. Whether the
Innocents were hunting these men for political rea-
sons or for amusement I didn't ask them. The first
company of cavalry sent down, as I have stated,
asked for more troops, and General Rousseau sent
more troops down, and in about three days, 1 think,
the district was quiet, as there were enough troops
to stop them.. _ Tnis was followed by the fight at St.
Bernard, a parish which lies just down the river from
New Orleans. I saw myself one hundred or two hun-
dred men down there, who said they belonged to the
Innocents Club. I don't know if they did or not. A
great many negroes came to me and said they were
going to quit the parish; that tliey could not live
there. I asked for troops to keep the parish quiet,
in order to get the crops in." * N * *
"Question. Do you know if for several days there
was almost a total absence of policemen from their
beats ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I know that.
"Question. Do you know the reason why they were
not upon their beats ?
"Answer. The reason assigned to me was that a
great many of the police force were negroes, and
that to put them on their beats was only to set them
up as marks to be shot down.
"Question. State whether to your knowledge police-
men were driven from their beats by mobs.
"Answer. I do not know whether they were driven
off or not, but I do know that wherever there was a
mob they got up from their beats and left.
"Question. State whether thecommanding general
here feltconfidentof being able to preserve thopeace
of the city with the troops at his disposal.
"Answer. He told me lie did not. I do not know
how he felt. I had no anxiety as far as I was con-
cerned.
Question. What was his military strength here?
"Answer. He had one regiment of infantry, a bat-
tery of artillery, onccompanyof cavalry, and I think
four or five companies of another regiment, for he
told me himself of their arrival.
"Question. Did he make application for more
troops ?
"Answer. He did in my presence; that is, I have
known him to write telegrams for troops and for
ships of war.
"Question. Did the commanding general receive
any communiea.tionsfrom the Governor of the State
in relation to the peace of the city?
"Answer. He did. I was present at a conversation
betwoen General Rousseau and the Governor, m
which General Rousseau agreed to tako possession
of the city, provided everything was turned over.
This was on the representation of Governor War-
moth that he could not preserve peace without an
armed force." * ' ? *
"Question. What was the feeling of this commu-
nity as to the safety of life and property during this
time?
"Answer. They were not considered safe, and I
don't think they were.
44 Question. What do you think about the ability of
the Republicans to have gone to the polls and voted
on election day with safety?
"Answer. I think there would have been a fight.
The white Republicans might have voted, but, I was
told repeatedly beforo the election, by men whom I
knew very well, that the negroes should not vote;
that they were going to drive them out of town."
* # f- * :• Y
" Question. Prom the time you first saw the riot on
Canal street up to the time of the election what
numb'erofmen were killed in the city of NewOrleans,
to the best of your knowledge and estimation?
" Answer. My estimation might be different from
others. I think there were three white men and a
hundred negroes. I know of three white men being
killed; and. the reason I speak of a hundred negroes
being killed is because connected with our office was
an institution for paying bounty, and there are some
twenty or thirty cases which have totally disappeared.
My estimate may be high; X don't know that my
official report gives more than thirty or forty killefl.
f "Question. Did you, at any time, hear a conversa-
tion between General Rousseau, General Buchanan,
and Governor Warmoth? If so, state when and
where and what it was.
"Answer. Yes, sir; it occurred at General Buchan-
an's office. X was asked- by General Bousseau to
go with him. I was present at the conversation
etween Governor Warmoth, General Buchanan,
and General Rousseau. This was just before the
election, at General Buchanan's headquarters, in
the city of New Orleans. General Buchanan asserted
that these organizations were armed, and were
eighteen thousand strong.
''Question. What organizations did he speak of?
"Answer. The Democratic organizations; and that
ho would be justified in withdrawing his troops from
the city. iJ e, General Buchanan, was in directcom-
mand. li e said further that thecity had been turned
over to the civil authorities, and if they were unable
to protect it ho could not. This was about the bur-
den of the thing.
"Question. Have you stated the entire conversa-
tion ?
"Answer. Oh no, sir; there was quite a long con-
versation on the situation.
"Question. The general situation, then, was under
discussion V
"Answer. It was, sir. I know that Governor War-
moth did not agree with General Buchanan, and I
did not agree with cither General Rousseau or Gen-
eral Buchanan in that discussion. I proposed that.
if General Rousseau had command of the town wo
should test the question; that ten men were just as
good as ten thousand for that purpose. I considered
the city virtually in the hands of General Rousseau,
and not in the hands of Governor Warmoth. This
conversation occurred after the correspondence
which has been introduced in evidence."
In cross-examination this witness says:
" Question. How many superintendents had you in
Xcvv Orleans and the surrounding towns at this time ?
"Answer. Porty-two sub-agents at that time.
" Question. You have stated that when the fight
occurred on Canal street between these two proces-
sions the colored procession numbered only about
one hundred; how many did the other number?
"Ansioer. 1 should think about three hundred
strong—three or four hundred.
" Question. Were both organizations armed?
"A nswer. That I could not tell. I saw no arms in
the one which ran away.
" Question, Did you sec any firing by colored men?
"Answer. Not a shot.
" Question. What did the others firo with?
"Answer. Pistols. All the arms I saw were pistols.
" Question. If there had been any shots fired by the
coloied pioccssion you would have seen them?
Answer. 1 think so. I was looking right down.
44 Question. How did you ascertain the number of
pistol shots fired that night ?
"Answer. Some of these men in this club had two
pistols when they charged up the street.
41 Question. Did you see them firing with two pid-
tols?
"Answer. I did, sir.
"Question. What did they do with their torches?
"Ansioer. They hadn't any; halt of them hadn't
any: some of them had flags, and some were mounted.
4 Question. How did you estimate the number of
>ts ?
Answer. By hearing them.
44 Question. A thousand shots, fired by four hundred
men ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I saw pistols reloaded and
fired." •
** Question. IIow did you ascertain the number of
persons killed that night?
"Answer. Prom the reports of my agents in the
morning.
"Question. How many of those thus killed were
black ?
" Answer. That night all were black. I only know
of three white persons being killed altogether.
" Question. But tho Preedmen's Bureau did not
embrace within its jurisdiction the white men of this
city ?
"Answer. Yes,sir. When I came here we were
issuing $2,800 a month in rations, and only §1,400 of
that to negroes.
" Question. Then you had jurisdiction over these
poor whites and the negroes ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and if any of them were killed
it would be reported.
" Question. Were your agents directed to report
these? .
"Answer. They were required to report all killing
of negroes, and all atrocities which negroes might
commit.
" Question. Did they ever report any outrages com-
mitted by negroes?
"Answer. They reported three white men killed
by negroes, and those were all; one was in St.
Bernard. ,. , ,
44 Question. No crimes of any kind reported against
negroes? „ , ,
"Answer. Only thefts; I never heard of anything
else! and eome^of o ur a gents were secretaries of Demo -
cratie cluljs. ' •
"Question. Doyou mean to satyouhad anyDemo-
erata in your employment?
