1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5451
of the case. I do not see that there is any
necessity for it. But the gentlemen who rep-
resent the minority wish to occupy some time
in the discussion, and it is only to gratify them
that I have consented to a debate. I will say
to the House now, that if gentlemen on the
other side are willing to consume five minutes
or ten minutes in stating what they conceive
to be Mr. Segar's claim I will take two or
three minutes to reply, and we shall thus end
the case. If that is not agreed to, we will
together occupy an hour. I wish to know
whether the gentleman who represent the
minority are willing to have the case disposed
of in the way indicated?
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg to say on the
part of the minority, who are almost an equal
number of those who considered the case, that
we think this is a case worthy of the consider-
ation of the House for at least an hour.
Mr. PAINE. Then I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was first on agree-
ing to the resolution reported by the minority.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paixe] is entitled to the floor for
one hour, and may dispose of it as he pleases.
Mr. PAINE. I will then occupy fifteen
minutes in opening the case. Under the law
as it stood when the last census was taken it
was made the duty of the Secretary of the In-
terior to apportion the representation in this
House according to the new census. The num-
ber of members of the House was fixed by law
at two hundred and thirty-three. Afterward
eight members were added by special acts of
Congress; but when the apportionment was
actually made under the last census the num-
ber fixed by law then in force was two hundred
and thirty-three. Under that apportionment
the Secretary of the Interior, according to his
report to this House dated July 5, 1861, as-
signed to the several States their proportion
of representation in this House. Virginia re-
ceived by virtue of that assigument eleven
members as her share. The Secretary of the
Interior who made that apportionment was
Caleb B. Smith.
After that apportionment had been made a
new State was erected out of the territory ot
Virginia, the Stateof W est Virginia, and three
Representatives were assigned to that new
State. That would leave eight out of the eleven
originally assigned to Virginia. A reference
to the census shows that the counties now con-
stituting the State of West Virginia had a pop-
ulation a little more than enough to entitle
them to three of the eleven Representatives
when the last census was taken, but they had
not enough to entitle them to four Representa-
tives; so that in the assignment made under
the law erecting the new State the closest pos-
sible approximation was made to an absolutely
just arrangement of representation. The law,
as I have said, gave the new State, West
Virginia, three Representatives. The people
elected three, who were admitted upon the floor
of the House of Representatives, and are now
here.
When Virginia was readmitted to representa-
tion in Congress after the suppression of the
rebellion no special provision was made by
Congress as to the number of Representatives
to which the readmitted State shonM be enti-
tled. This was the case with all the other
readmitted rebel States, in the case of no
single State was any provision made as to the
number Sf Representatives to which she should
be entitled when readmitted to representation
in Congress; and yet each one of them has
been admitted with the same number of Rep-
resentatives that was assigned to the State
under this apportionment by the Secretary of
the Interior in 1861. 1 repeat that each one
of the States lately in rebellion which has been
readmitted since the close of the war has now
on this floor the number of Representatives
assigned to that State by this apportionment of
the Secretary of the Interior under the census
of 1800, in 1861, in pursuance of the general
law of 18-50.
No new provision has been made in the ease
of a single State, and the same thing is true
of all the old States excepting those among
which the eight additional Representatives were
distributed by the act of 1861. If, then, Vir-
ginia had never been subdivided, if the geo-
graphical limits of Virginia were the same
to-day as at the time this apportionment by
the Secretary of the Interior was made in
1861, there could be in this case no question
which did not arise in the case of Alabama,
North Carolina, Louisiana, or in the case of
any of these restored States. But there has
been a subdivision, and the question now is
whether this alters the case. It seemed to the
Committee of Elections that there could be no
claim that this subdivision made any difference
in the case of Virginia. If she had been re-
stored entire she would have been entitled to
eleven Representatives under this apportion-
ment ; but fifty counties of that State now
have three members upon this floor, and it
seemed to the committee, or to ten out of
fifteen of them, to be perfectly clear that Vir-
ginia, in the absence of any law of Congress to
the contrary, would be entitled only to the re-
mainder of the eleven Representatives; that is
to say, to eight Representatives in this House.
In accordance with that manifest propriety
of the case the constitutional convention of the
State of Virginia, when they came to divide
the territory anew, for the purpose of electing
Representatives to this Congress, instead of
dividing it into nine districts divided it into
eight. They accepted the number eight as the
number to which they were entitled, and they
divided their territory into eight districts ; but
they made a provision, not in their constitution,
not in their fundamental law, but in an ordin-
ance, for the election of one Representative-at-
large, wlio should be the ninth Representative
from that State. It happened, as I have already
stated, that the gentleman who was a candidate
for Representative-at-large was also a candidate
for the office of Representative from the first
congressional district of Virginia. The con-
stitutional convention, understanding of course
that a division of the State into nine districts
migbtimperil theirrepresentation in this House,
adopted the safe and convenient expedient of
dividing the State into eight districts, and then
trusting to lack for the admission of a ninth
Representative as Representative of the State
at large.
Now, in stating this case at the outset I will
not answer the argument that has been stated
in the report of the minority of the committee,
or anticipate that which may be made on the
floor iu favor of giving Mr. Segar this seat.
If it becomes necessary to do so I will do so
in reply to what may be said iu support of his
claim to a seat in the House.
Before taking my seat i will make a single
additional statement. The claim which Mr.
Segar makes rests mainly on the provision in
the ordinance of the Virginia constitutional
convention to which I have referred. But he
couples with it also the fact that bills have
been from time to time introduced into this
House, and perhaps into the Senate, and per-
haps have also passed one or the other branch
of Congress, giving an additional Represents- I
tive to the State of Virginia. Sir, it is true
that such bills have been introduced ; it is true
that such a bill once passed this House; but it is |
also-true that when the House and the Senate
came finally to concur in the bill which became
a lav/ on this subject they left out that provision.
Therefore, there is to-day to be found nowhere
any provision of law which authorized the
gentleman to claim a seat in this House as a
Representative-at-large from the State of
Virginia.
I admit that if the law made provision for a
seat here for a Representative-at-large from
the State of Virginia Mr. Segar would be enti-
tled to it, because although he was defeated in
the first district, no one else has received as
many _ votes on the general ticket. But the
truth is, there is no such seat here, and there
can be none except by act of Congress. This
House cannot by its action alone create an
office of that sort; it cannot of its own action
create a seat for a Representative. It has no
power beyond the power to judge of the elec-
tion, returns, and qualifications of members for
the seats for which the law had previously made
provisions.
The Constitution of the United States leaves
it entirely to the Federal Congress to fix the
number of Representatives in this House. It
is not a part of the power of any State Legis-
lature, it is not a part of the power of any
State constitutional convention to determine
the number of Representatives iu this House.
But Virginia cannot say, as she seeks to-day
to say, that this House shall consist of two
hundred and forty-two members, when the
law of Congress says it shall consist of but two
hundred and forty-one. It can only be by
virtue of an act of Congress that the seat can
be created to be filled by the applicant in this
case. There has been no such act of Congress ;
there has been no constitutional provision of
Virginia which, coupled with or supplemented
by congressional legislation, authorized an addi-
tional memberin this House, and which would
make this House to consist of two hundred
and forty-two members instead of two hun-
dred and forty-one members.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
consideration of the gentleman that the act
fixing the number of Representatives in this
House at two hundred and forty-one is prior in
date to the act creating the new State of West
Virginia, and giving three members to the new
State. The argument of the gentleman wholly
pretermits the effect of that subsequent legis-
lation, which I understand is the question in-
volved in this case.
Mr. PAINE. Why, sir, that suggestion has
not the slightest bearing upon this case. When
West Virginia was admitted into the Union
the question was, how many of the eleven Rep-
resentatives to which the old State of Virginia
was entitled should be given to the fifty coun-
ties comprised within the limits of the new
State? That was the question decided; and
in deciding that question reference was had to
the census. It was found by reference to the
census of 1860 that these fifty counties of old
Virginia were entitled to a little more than
three, but not quite to four out of the eleven
Representatives which were apportioned to
that Stale. Therefore the law which admitted
West Virginia as a State, when it was neces-
sary to make a distribution of the eleven Rep-
resentatives, wisely and justly gave three of
the eleven to West Virginia. Indeed, it could
do nothing else.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does thegentleman .sup-
pose that if a new State—say a Territory—had
been admitted with three members, this House
would still have been limited to two hundred
and forty-one members? Perhaps the gentle-
man will allow me to extend my suggestion.
These matters of count do not appear in our
legislation. All that appears is that West Vir-
ginia is admitted with three members. Noth-
ing is said with regard to the membership of
Virginia.
Mr. PAINE. Why, Mr. Speaker, the law
of Congress as it now stands provides that this
House shall consist of two hundred and forty-
one members, and of such additional members
as shall represent new Stales admitted into the
Union. But everybody understands—certain tj1
this Congress has understood and acted upon
the understanding—that this latter provision
applies only to States admitted into the Union
from a territorial condition. As a matter of
fact, in the admission of every one of these
