1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3563
at a just and proper conclusion by proceeding
to amend the Senate bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to
detain the Senate at any length on this subject;
but it seems to me that this Senate bill is the i
better bill of the two. If there are any par- ]
ticular provisions in it which need amendment
let them be amended; but the general scope :
and purpose of the Senate bill seem to me far
preferable to the one which has been sent to
us by the House. This House bill is confined
almost exclusively, and I think exclusively, to
punishing officers and persons who shall intim- :
idate or hinder or delay voting in the methods
pointed out by the bill, or permitting the per- !
formanceot'some duty which is enjoined on them ;
as officers under the law. In that particular it is
in no way remedial; it punishes the crime after
it is complete and done, but it gives no remedy
to the person who has been injured by the
wrongful act. I
Now, the fifth section of the Senate bill is
in my judgment worth the whole House bill '
together. It provides that—
Any person who shall be deprived of any office,
cscept tbat of rucmbor of Congress or member of a
Stale Legislature—
Of course that exception is because the Coii- !
gress and the Legislature are the exclusive
judges of the qualifications and elections of
their members—
by reason of the violation of tbe provisions of this
.iet, shall be entitled to reeover possession of such
oliice by writ of mandamus or other appropria te pro-
ceeding. and tbe circuit and district courts of the
United States shall have concurrent jurisdiction of
all cases arising under this section.
Here is the great distinction in doctrine and
philosophy between the two bills, and the ques-
tion now is which course of action the Senate
choose to take. If we are simply to follow on
after the violation of law and punish the man
who has violated it, in each particular case, by
fine and imprisonment, then the House bill is
the best conceived bill. If we design to do
something more than that; if we design to go
beyond merely punishing specific violations of
the law, and to carry out and enforce the prin-
ciple of this amendment to the Constitution,
and give effect to the votes of colored persons
offered at the polls, then we should have some
such provision as is contained in the Senate
bill.
The objection made by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thcrman] the other day to the use
of the word mandamus there, and indeed the
whole speech of that Senator, which sparkled
with wit and sarcasm and Democratic indig-
nation, amused me and pleased me. I like a
good thing coming from any source; and we
never get anything but a good thing from the
Senator from Ohio ; but for all that, there is
more sharpness than substantial philosophy in
the objection to this bill. Take, for instance,
this matter of mandamus. There are many
cases in which a mandamus might be the
appropriate remedy. It is specified only as
one; and all others are included in the section.
Tapping, "On a Writ of Mandamus," lays
down this rule:
" In some cases it is stated to be a principle as to the
dispensing tbe writ of mandamus that it never issues
tocommand officers in their judicial, but only in their
ministerial capacities. This, as the statement of a
principle, is certainly erroneous, for the writ lies to
command both judicial and ministerial officers. The
form of it in the two cases is, however, different in
this that when it issues to enforce the exercise of a
judicial capacity it is general in its terms, and not
specific. Tbus it would merely require the judge of
an interior court' to adjudicate,' without specifying
what judgment to give; or, in other words, ' to give
sentence generally, without saying what sentence;
whereas, in the case of a ministerial officer, the writ
would, in terms, specifically command *,he perform-
ance of the particular act or acts; as 'to swear in
A B as church-warden,' &c."—Tapping on Writ of
Mandamus, pp. 170, 177.
Now, it may happen in the machinery of
State laws for conducting an election and can-
vassing the return that the first canvassers may
exclude these votes, and there would be oppor-
tunity subsequently, in the process of canvass-
ing the ballots, of correcting it by the application
of this writ of mandamus. So it is with many
of the objections which are made to this bill;
they seem to me to be exceedingly sharp and
technical; but we design to do one of two
things: we design to carry out and enforce and
secure, not merely the observance of the letter,
but to accomplish the spirit and object of this
amendment, in which case we must have some
remedy like that provided in the fifth section
of the Senate bill; or we mean to say to men
all over the country, "If you choose to violate
the law we will punish you simply by fine and
imprisonment, and that shall square the ac-
count."
Mr. HOWARD. If you can find a jury that
will convict.
Mr. CARPENTER. If you can find ajury
to convict, the Senator from Michigan suggests.
That is not enough. This amendment to the
Constitution is ample and full, and clothes Con-
gress with all power to secure the end which it
declares shall be accomplished; and in this
case, by this section, we have a remedy which
secarestothe man who has been injured redress
for the wrong he has suffered.
There are several things about this Senate
bill, some things in its phraseology, perhaps
some in its substantial and important provisions,
that may be improved by amendment; but it
seems to me to be a far better bill if we desire
to do anything. If we merely wish to pretend
to do something and not accomplish euiything
substantial and important, the House bill is an
excellent recipe for doing that; but if we mean
to carry out, execute, and secure the perform-
ance and observance of this amendment to the
Constitution, it is certain to my mind that the
Senate bill is far preferable to the bill that
comes from the House; and for that reason I
hope the Senate will not adopt it as a substi-
tute. Let us take this Senate bill and go through
with it, perfect it by additions or subtractions,
but act upon it as the basis of the legislation
called for at the present time.
Mr. HOWARD. I think upon the whole I
will withdraw my amendment for the present,
and I hope the Senate will come to a vote on
the quest ion of substituting the Senate for the
House bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada to pass over the House bill and
take up the Senate bill, and amend it as he
proposes, and then amend the House bill by
substituting for it the Senate bill after it shall
have been perfected.
Mr. STEWART. Nothing would be gained
by that. We have got the House bill now
before us, and this is the shortest way of pro-
ceeding. Let it go right along the way it is
goiHg.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understand the Sen
ator from Nevada, he desires to perfect the
Senate bill. After he has perfected the Sen-
ate bill, he can then amend the House bill by
substituting the Senate bill for the House bill,
after tbe enacting clause.
Mr. STEWART. Why not perfect the sub-
stitute now? Let us amend it as we desire
now.
Mr. CORBETT. Tbat is my suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. The motion now is to
substitute the Senate bill for the House bill,
and we have a right to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the Sen-
ate bill in section two, line fifteen, by striking
out. the words " the person aggrieved thereby"
and inserting " any person who shall sue for
the same." I understand that we have aright
to perfect the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that the
Senate bill is before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is before
the Senate as an amendment to the House
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. As I understood, the dif-
ficulty was, after amending the House bill, to
amend the Senate bill by striking out; that it
could not be done in the Senate. My sugges-
tion was to amend the Senate bill first, and
then move it as an amendment to the House
bill, and then the bill would be perfect.
Mr. THUltMAN. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will listen to nie for a moment he will
see precisely how the thing stands. The Sen
ate passed over the Senate bill and took up
the House bill. Then the Senator from Nevada
moved to amend the House bill by striking out
all after the enacting clause and substituting
the Senate bill. It isperfectly competent now
to move to amend the House bill before the
motion is taken on striking out all after the
enacting clause, or to move to amend the
amendment. Therefore the motion just made
by the Senator from Alabama to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada,, that
is, to amend the Senate bill, is perfectly in
order, and so is the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan to amend the House bill.
Either motion is in order.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood that the
House bill was before the Senate, and there-
fore was the bill under consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. So it is.
Mr. CORBETT. My idea was that the Sen-
ate bill should uot be moved as ail amendment
until it was perfected, so as to move it in a
body as an amendment to the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has stated the case correctly.
Mr. WARNER. I understand I am in order
in offering to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. WARNER. I will repeat it, then, for
the information of the Senate. I move to
amend the Senate bill in section two, line fif-
teen, by striking out the words "the person
aggrieved thereby" and inserting "any person
who shall sue for the same."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that this amend-
ment will not be agreed to. There are now two
views taken of this branch of the bill as it
stands. One is that there ought not to be any
provision at all for the party aggrieved ; that
it ought all to be out; and another view is that
taken by my friend from Alabama, that it does
not go far enough ; that we ought not to con-
fine this redress to the person whose vote is
refused. The committee considered both those
views, and thought, in analogy to State legis-
lation and to the simple proprieties of justice,
that this middle ground was the true one.
If a voter is deprived cf his right to vote by
the misconduct of an official, it is a personal
grievance to him, an actionable injury, for
which all civilized laws give him redress in
some form. It is true that in most States and
countries no specific amount of damages is
allowed, for the reason that it is thought safer,
inasmnch as that might be a matter of specula-
tion, to leave it under the circumstances of each
case to be great or small, as ajury shall think
it wise to make it. But in applying the fifteenth
amendment, which is intended to secure the
rights of a large class of the population of the
United States, and to secure their rights in
courts which may be supposed not to be alto-
gether friendly, by juries who may be supposed
not to be altogether friendly, in communities
where the local officers are found to be those
who deny the rights that the fifteenth amend-
ment secures, we thought it wise not to leave
it to an unfriendly jury to giwe only one penny
damages, if a man under the fifteenth amend-
ment was deprived of a right he had, but to fix
the sum the party should be entitled to recover
as his damages ; and on the other hand, in a
community where juries might be very favor-
able to the party aggrieved, we thought it right
to impose upon juries a limit above which they
ought not to go; so that they should not
either give no damages at all nor excessive
damages.
This branch of tbe section, therefore, is
framed upon that theory. It is to give to the
person aggrieved, as damages for the depriva-
