1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
•rtl Benjamin F. Butler, Roderiok R. Batler,Cessna,
Churchill. Auinsix Cobb, Cobura, Cook, Conger, Co-
Tode. Cowles, Cullom. Dickey, Donley, Farnsworth,
Ferrijs. Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher. Hale, Hawkins,
llawley, ll*y. Hays, Kenton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
lngersoll. Jenckes, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd,
i \ ' L* *1 Iajva L n nvkn i n n , m 1 .awmamaa T.ajika n
   . Morpliis,
Packard. Packer, Paine. Palmer, Perce, Phelps,"
f „ " "eld.
J. t?iuith. Worthington V. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland. Tan-
ner, I'illman. Towasend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Ilorn. Ward, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Wil-
liam 11. Washburn. Welker, Willard, Williams, and
John T. Wilson—98.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey. Barnum, Beaman, Bennett, Benton. Bing-
ham. Bowen, Boyd, Buokley, Burdett, Cake. Clarke,
Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery,
Duval, Dyer. Ela, Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Gibson, Gilfillan, Harris, Heflin, Hope, Hotchkiss,
Kelley.Kelsey, Ketoham.Lash, Lougnndge, Lynch,
MeCormiek, McCrary, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill. Morrissey, Orth, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Ridgway, San ford, Schumaker,
Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stone. Strader, Strong, Sweeney. Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Winans, Win-
chester, and Witcher—73.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the yeas and nays on the question
whether the House will accept the bill pre-
sented by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] as the report of the Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The yeas and nays
have already been ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to yield to several gentlemen who desire to
introduce matters by unanimous consent, after
which I will move that the House adjourn.
CATHARINE TOLAND.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1405) granting a pension
to Catharine Toland, of Montgomery county,
Pennsylvania: which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
ATCHISON, TOPEKA, AND SANTA FK RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachnsetts, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1406) granting to the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 Railroad Company a continua-
tion of its franchise and right of way through
tbe Territories of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 1007) to establish certain post roads ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
REPAIRS OF SPANISH WAR VESSELS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representative*
I transmit herewith, in response to a resolution of
the House asking for information in relation to the
repairs of Spanish war vessels at the docks of the
United States, the report of tbe Secretary of the
Nary, to whom the resolution was referred.
U. S. GRANT.
Eikcutivk Mansion,
Washington, D. C., March 3,18V0.
The message, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. RIDGWAY obtained leave of absence
for gix days.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG obtained leave to with-
draw the papers filed with the bill (II. R. No.
336) for the relief of Alinzor Clark.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES, ETC.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I move to reconsider the
TOte by which varions bills and joint resolu-
tions have been to-day referred or recommitted,
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPEDITION AOAINST PIEGAN INDIANS.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jteeolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is \
hereby, requested to communicate to this Houso
such information as ho may have relative to the late
expedition against the Picgan Indians in the Terri-
tory of Montana.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'cloek and fifty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: Petitions of Reuben
Clemson and 42 others, aftd John W. Green-
wood and 107 others, citizens of Ohio, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Lyman Stedman and 17
others, citizens of Jeddo, Jefferson county,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number
of citizens of Rockbridge, Kentucky, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of a number of citizens
of Eagle Hill, Owen county, Kentucky, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of G. S.
Hagard and 150 others, members of the Board
of Trade of Buffalo, New York, for enactment
of a ldw to provide for taking meteorological
observations, and forgiving notice on the lakes
and sea-board of the approach and force of
storms.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of Almira
Sweet, widow of Levi H. Sweet, a soldier who
died at Andersonville, for a pension.
By Mr. BURCHARD : Petitions of citizens
of Taylor and Johnson's Creek, Illinois, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COX: The petition of John W.
Thompson and 86 others, citizens of Saratoga
county, New York, praying for the discontin-
uance of the income tax.
Also, the petition of H. H. Hathorn and 82
others, citizens of Saratoga county, New York-,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition for
the establishmentof a post route from Victoria
to Rush Tower, in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Mrs. Fidelia S. Freeman, for arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of Daniel Sly, for a pension.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William J. Blood, late lieutenant
ninth Massachusetts infantry volunteers, for
arrears of pension.
Also, a petition of liquor dealers, praying a
change in the mode of collecting tax on spirits
and authorizing the collection of all tax at the
I distillery or distillery warehouse.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Charles
W. Dennison, for compensation for services
while on a special mission to England.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Mrs.
Mary Thornhill, mother of John A. Thornhill,
deceased, late ninth regiment Tennessee cav-
alry, praying the back pay and bounty of her
said son.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio : The petition of
Hiram Smith and 46 others, citizens of Bashan, t
Meigs county, Ohio, for the abolition of the I
franking privilege. I
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of N. ;
F. Carr & Co. and a large number of others,
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying for
important changes in the manner of taxing j
whisky.' !
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Dutcher,
Ball & Goodrich and all other wholesale grocers
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for the retention of.
the present duties on sugars.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of A.
Patrick, of Texas, praying Congress to remove
his political disabilities.
Also, a petition of 82 citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to increase the duty on cheese.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A petition of citizens
of Edinborough, Erie county, Pennsylvania,
asking Congress to award pensions to the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of Corry, Erie
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the present
duty on imported lumber may not be abrogated.
By Mr. S1RICKLAND : The memorial of
B. D. Berjea and 21 others, asking for a grant
of ltfod to aid in the construction of the Deer
Creek and Marble Quarry railroad in the State
of Michigan.
Also, the memorial of J. W. Cragin and 49
others, citizens of Ontonagon, Michigan, ask-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at Ontonagon, on Lake Superior,
in said State.
Also, the petition of Hon. E. S. Ingalls and
24 others, asking for right of way for the Deer
Creek and Marble Quarry Railroad Company,
and also for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the same.
Also, the following petitions, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege, to wit: O.
F. Lockwood and 38 others, John Hoully and
92 others, P. Simmons and 84 others, J. M.
Luther and 36 others, J. W. Russel and 36
others, Lyman Jackson and 41 others, S. B.
Heverlo and 71 others, C. W. Wisner and 33
others, George W. Hughes and 78 others, Wil-
liam L. Webber and 32 others, John Burgoyne
and 63 others, D. Stanton and 28 others, Wil-
liam R. Robbins and 40 others, Pennewell
Richardson and 33 others, M. Carrington and
6 others, D. H. Jerome and 16 others, H. R.
Potts and 14 others, George L. Burrows and
62 others, Jonathan A. Sweet and 34 others,
D. W. Emerson and 39 others, J. B. Johnson
and 12 others, C. T. Broekway and 71 others,
L. Roundsville and 40 others, Samuel Atwood
and 38 others, I. M. Banks and 81 others,
David HolliBter and 72 others, James Black
and 27 others, William E. Taylor and 13 others,
Duane Reed and 82 others, William R. Staf-
ford and 40 others, H. B. Smith and 165 others,
John C. Brnnson and 40 others, John S. Tem-
ple and 18 others, Thomas H. Williams and 32
others, Henry Houghton and 71 others, O.
Armstrong and 38 others, Charles Moye and
36 others, E. B. Ward and 41 others, William
Barton and 39 others, Barnard Buenning and
69 others, Theodore H. Cox and 53 others, J. H.
Hartwell and 19 others, Joseph Blinston and
36 others, William Daybitand 75otherr,deorge
W. Jenks and 40 others, James Ketefaam and
25 others, S. Coleman land 27 others, Charles
J. Gillingham and 22 others, I. M. Dryer and
53 others, H. Carpenter and 18 others, J. C.
Rockafellow and 103 others.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of John R.
Steptoe, of Virginia, for removal of disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution.
Also, the petition of James H. Coates and
114 others, citizens of Brecksville, Cuyahoga
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the frahking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Samuel Mower and 72
others, citizens of Berea, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of J. C. Smith and 32
others, eitizens of Magadore, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Tracy E. Smith and 36
others, citizens of Mayfield, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of A. M. Whitaker and
42 others, citizens of Bedford, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of J. A. Means and 81
