1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
otters, citizens of North&eld, -Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of J. M. Lathrop and 58
others, citizeus of Dover, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of L. H. Cowdey and 64
others, citizens of Perry, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of N. H. Austin and 42
otiters, citizensof Coe Ridge, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of E. S. Oviatt and 43
others, citizens of West Richfield, Ohio, on the
same sabjeet.
Also, the petition of A. N. Gareide and 40
others, citizensof Sherman, Ohio,on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of D. P. Btefabins and 100
others, citizeas of East Cleveland, Ohio, on
the same subject.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 91 citizens
of Steuben county, New York, in favor of
abolishing the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 4,1870. j
Prayer by Rev. William Hamilton, of Wash- j
ington, District of Columbia. j!
The Journal of yesterday was read and •
approved.
petitions and memorials, ■
Mr. WILSON presented the petition cf :
Charles W. Denison, praying to be reimbursed <1
for expenses incurred oil account of his mission
among die operatises of Lancashire, England,
for the purpose of encouraging them in their
stand for our Union cause on English ground;
which was referredto theCommitteeon Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN, Ipreseota petition signed
by W. T. Sherman, S. P. Chase, William W.
Belknap, Secretary of War, in behalf of Mary
Louise Gareschfc, widow -of Colonel Julius P.
Gareselie, who wa«Juliedattb« battle of Stone
river. They askXorheran ineteased pension,
and I am sure that any person familiar with
Colonel Garesehe before be died and the cir-
cumstances of his death will be very willing
to vote for such increased pension. I move
the reference of the petition.ta the Committee
oa Pensions.
The notion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Phin-
eas G. Pearson, Hamilton county, Indiana,
praying for arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of J. D.
Farrow, J. T. 8. Young, W. A. Phaup, James
F. Louiaan, and T. A. Laey, of Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to theeelect Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of T. N.
Welch,Caroline county, Virginia, and of T. M.
Donoho, Vkginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee ou the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented thepetition of John
T. Powell, of Aoeomac poanty, Vij^iaia,.pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore, for the erection
of a light-hoase at the entrance of York river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of L.
M. Patterson, of New Orleans, Louisiana,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POOLpresented five petitions of citizens
°if *?ortk Carolina, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of compensat-
ing certain citizens of that State for services
rendered in the recruiting and organizing of
troops in that State in the year 1862; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of John It. Gosset, of Pickens county, South
Carolina, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee ou the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the memorial of
the National Association of State and City
Superintendents of Public Instruction, asking
that Congress take measures for the inaugu-
ration ot' a system of public instruction, (and
especially recommending the establishmentand
endowment of normal schools, one for each
State,) similar to that inaugurated under the
FreedraetTe llureau. I move its reference to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REVELS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Mississippi, in favor of the speedy
removal of the political disabilities of all the
citizens of that State; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
E. L. Diokey and others, citizens of Virginia,
in behalf of G. W. Perkins, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of G. W.
Perkins, of Virginia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He aleo presented the petitions of J. W.
Perkins, T. W. AUister, JohnF. McElhenney,
Colin Bass, A. M. Carper, W. A. Waugh, T. H.
Spratt, C. G. Hill, J. B. Jones, W. F. Smith,
and John F. Ferry, of Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the .select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions of
A. Gentry, M. D. Elliott, James L. Dunn,
Joseph F. Wingfield, L. C. Berkley, C. Catter-
ton, and C. H. Elliott, of Virginia, praying for
theremovaloftheirpoliticaldisabilities; which
were referred ft) the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
reports of committkjss.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am directed by the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 301) for the repeal of certain laws therein
named, to report it back and recommend its
passage. As the bill is very short I ask that it
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
A hill for the repeal of certain laws therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresent-
aiivet of the United States of America in Oongrest
assembled, Xhat an act entitled "An act to prescribe
an oath of office, and for other purposes," approved
July 2,1882, aad all parts of other acts requiring the
takiDg or administration of the oath in said first-
mentioned act prescribed, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 603) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Presbyterian church of the city of Wash-
ington, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. VIC'KERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No.
617) to exempt certain church property in the
District of Columbia from taxation; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 846) for
the relief of Mary A. Coolidge, reported it with
an amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by uuanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 618) increasing the pension of Mary Louise
Garescb6, widow of Colonel Garesehe ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 619) to provide for the settlement of tiie
boundary line between the State of Arkan-
sas and the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
620) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said State, to
connect the waters of Green bay and Lake
Michigan, in said State ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 621)
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Fort Scott in the direction of Santa
F6, New Mexico; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
622) to grant a pension to Nancy E. Amnions;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 623)
to grant a pension to Celia Tweed; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
asked by the Senator from Indiana £ Mr. Pratt]
to request that he be excused, on account of
labor on other committees, from farther ser-
vice upon the Committee on the District of
Columbia. If there be no objeetion the Sen-
ator will be excused. The Chair hears none.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Vice Presi-
dent be authorized to fill that vacancy upon
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to, there being no
objection; and Mr. Howell was appointed to
fill the vacancy.
transcontinental railroad.
offer a resolution of
action of the Senate
Mr. HOWARD. I
inquiry, and ask the
upon it:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to communicate ip the Senate a copy of any and all
correspondence between him and the United States
minister to France in regard to the so-called Trans-
continental, Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
Company, together with copies of all inclosure3 in
the letters of such minister to France; also copies of
any letters in his possession from the Secretary of
the Interior on the same subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that that resolu-
tion should be addressed to the President, with
the ordinary language on such occasions, * ' if
in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interest."
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
printing of a report.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
report submitted by the joint select Committee oa
Retrenchment, on the 21st of February, (Sen. Rep.
Com. No. 47,) with the accompanying testimony, bo
printed for the use of the Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
