3564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
tion of his right as a citizen, a private right i
of his own, a right to sue, which all laws give : I
it would not be necessary to put that into the
statute—he would have the right of action ;
but to fix the amount for each specific wrong
to him which ho should be entitled to recover.
Then we provide in another part of the bill,
and perhaps in the same section, just as we
ought to do if we are to have any law at all,
that the officer guilty of this wrong to the citi-
zen is also guilty of an offense against the
public, a criminal misdemeanor, for which he
' may be indicted and fined, of course within
certain limits, in the discretion of the court.
I submit to my friend from Alabama whether,
on the whole, this middle ground, which is
defensible both by philosophy and by analogy,
is not the true one.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to make this bill
as effective for the purpose intended as possi-
ble. The persons who will be aggrieved, par-
ticularly in our section of the country, will in
the main be ignorantand timid persons, who will
be afraid to sue. The fact that they may be
afraid to go to the polls and vote is evidence
that they will not perhaps have the courage
and fearlessness to sue; but there may be
some third party who would be willing to en-
force the penalty. I think in the great major-
ity of cases the person aggrieved would not
avail himself of this provision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, I suggest to my
friend that ho would not be entitled to any
action at all under this section, because this is
not a section to give every man §500 who is
afraid to offer to do what he has a right to do;
butitistogive him as damages the sum of $500
for a positive and specific denial to him of the
exercise of a right that he attempts to exer-
cise ; otherwise, he would have no cause of
action. You cannot give a right of action to
anybody because he is intimidated. The in-
timidation part of the law must be purely
criminal, and is found in another part of the
bill.
Mr. WARNER. But my amendment would
give a remedy by enabling any other person
than the party aggrieved to enforce the penalty.
The party aggrieved I think in most cases
■would fail to enforce it; but some other party
might.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some other party may in
his name.
Mr. POOL. I desire to say a word in regard
to the particular amendment now pending.
This bill is for the purpose of enforcing the
fifteenth amendment, which applies to colored
voters, most of whom reside in the section of
the country from which the Senator from Ala-
bama and myself come. The great and most
effectual means used to interfere with their
exercise of the right secured to them by the
fifteenth amendment is by intimidation, by
violence. I think that the penalty which is
named in this second section, to be enforced
by the party aggrieved, would never be put
into operation at all. The purpose of the bill
is to protect those citizens against intimidation
from voting.
I confess that there is something in the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Vermont, that there
is no intimidation in this particular section
aimed at. But, sir, it is perfectly sure that
the very same means of intimidation which
prevents a colored citizen from voting will be
resorted to to prevent hitn from bringing this
penal action, and unless the section is amended
as suggested by the Senator from Alabama I
do not believe that an action will ever be
brought in those States, because it is much
more difficult for one of those citizens to bring
and maintain a criminal action than it is for
him to perform the single act of voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
jne to make a suggestion right there?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you takeout this pen-
alty, as it is called, really liquidated damages,
from the person who is aggrieved, whose right
I is denied, and who has suffered injury, and
i give it to anybody who will sue for it, it be-
: comes a pure penalty. Then the question is,
whether you can have a bill which contains
double penalties; whether you are to punish,
in the strict sense of punishment, a man twice
for the same offense; because my friend will
see that the section, in addition to givingthese
damages to the party aggrieved as damages,
makes it a criminal misdemeanor, punishable
on indictment and conviction by a fine of not
less than $500 and imprisonment not less than
a month nor more than a year. I suggest to
my friend, who is a cultivated and educated
lawyer, whether he would not in court find
himself in great difficulty with a bill of double
penalties, which were purely such.
Mr. POOL. I have never examined that
question under the laws of the United States.
1 only know that is frequently done in my own
h State. We have statutes with double penalties,
j as referred to by the Senator, and we have
i| never had any difficulty in that State with regard ]
i to them.
i But I understood the committee to mean by
this section that there was danger in the States
where it is principally to apply of not being able
to obtain a grand jury who will find a bill of
indictment, and that in the event no bill of
indiotment could be found before a grand jury
the party aggrieved, or, if amended as the Sen-
ator from Alabama suggests, any person in the
community, may still punish the offender by
bringing a penal action. It seems I had mis-
taken the purpose of the committee entirely
from what is said by the Senator from Ver-
mont. I think, nevertheless, the amendment
had better be made, unless there really be that
legal objection which the Senator suggests
as to double penalties, so that it could not,
i under the laws of the United States and
the practice of United States courts, be en-
forced. If that were so, it would be conclusive
that the amendment ought not to be adopted,
i I did not understand the Senator as expressing
the positive opinion that such could not be
done.
i Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I confess
I was not prepared to hear my friend from
: Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] place his chief
;j advocacy of the Senate bill upon the fifth sec-
ji tion of the bill. Let ua see what the fifth sec-
|; tion is:
That any person who shall be deprived of any
office, except that of member of Congress or member
i of a State Legislature, by reason of the violation of
the provisions of this act, shall be entitled to recover
possession of such office by writof mandamus or other
; appropriate proceeding, aad the circuit and district
courts of the United States shall have concurrcnt
; i jurisdiction of ali eases arising under this section.
And by the next section it is provided—
That the district courts of the United States,
i within their respective districts, shall have, exclu-
', sively of the courts of the several States, cognizance
of all crimes and offenses committed against the pro-
■1 visions of this act.
The idea, then, of the bill is that the en-
' forcement of this act, and of the rights of per-
sons under this act, is to be exclusively in the
m courts of the United States, and that all per-
[ sons who shall be deprived of office by any
II violation of this act may recover their offices
| by some appropriate remedy in the courts of
; the United States. Now, the first point to
i which I wish to call the attention of my friend
is quite a practical consideration. How many
officers will this cover who may thus be de-
prived of their offices by a violation of this
; act; that is, by somebody not being registered
! who would have voted for them, or somebody
I being prevented from voting at the elections
| who would have voted for them, or any other
of the grounds that may be stated under this
bill? How many such officers are there? I
| will speak for my own State. This bill em-
! braces every officer except members of the
! Legislature in the State of Ohio. It takes,
i therefore, all the State officers to begin with.
! It then takes all the judiciary of the State ;
| then all the county officers; then all the city
officers and town officers ; and then all the
township officers. Now, let me say to my
friend from Wisconsin that that will make
about two hundred persons in the county in
which I live who are to be entitled to go into
the circuit or district court of the United States
to test the election of the persons who are
dpoiarpri plpptpd.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask my friend
from Ohio whether he expects that whole num-
ber will be defrauded out of their election very
often in his county?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not expect any sucli
thing, but I know there have been a great many
contested-election cases in Ohio, and I know
if they had all been tried in the district court
of the United States for the district of Ohio
that court would have had very little time to
attend to anything else. But now, when you
have increased the jurisdiction of that court,
and increased the causes for which you may
proceed, and allow two hundred persons in a
single county, or more than twenty thousand
persons in the single State of Ohio, or, taking
the whole United States through, about half a
million persons, to go into the district courts
to contest elections and try the title to office
there, I want to know what is to become of
your district courts ?
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator under-
stand that the jurisdiction is confined to the
district courts of the United States in this fifth
section ?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, whether it is
confined to them or not, parties may go into
those courts, and they would be likely enough
t to go there. I do not know exactly what con-
j struction is to be put upon the bill, taking that
section in connection with the sixth section.
; Perhaps the sixth section only relates to crim-
inal procedure, and therefore it is only in rela-
tion to that that it is exclusive. But if it is
' not exclusive, then I want to put to my friend
1 from Nevada this question : what are you to
1 do if a contest is begun under the State law ?
• Then may not a contest be begun in the district
! court of the United States? Which has the
superior jurisdiction? Under our State law it
! is not necessary that the party who has lost the
| office shall contest, but any elector may contest
the election. Now, suppose a contest is com-
menced under the State law, and another pro-
ceeding is commenced in the United States
district court "by writ of mandamus or other
appropriate proceeding;" which jurisdiction is
the superior ? Which decision is to be obeyed ?
Here you put it in the power of at least half
a million people who may be defeated for
office in the United States to load down the
docket of your district courts, if you pass this
fifth section ; and as I said yesterday, it applies
in terms even to the election of President of
the United States ; and you may have the spec-
tacle of seeing a contest for the Presidency
in a district court of the United States. It
applies to the election of every Governor of
a State.
Mr. STEWART. Is the President elected
by the people ?
Mr. THURMAN. A candidateforthe Presi-
dency may be defeated in his election by the
violation of the right of a citizen to vote for
the elector who would vote for him ; or if one
of the electors of President is a colored man,
and the rest of the college will not receive his
vote, the candidate may lose his election in
that way; and you have a contest forthe Presi-
dency of the United States; the contested elec-
tion tried according to this section in a district
court of the United States. In like manner
you may have the election of a Governor
of a State, or of a chief justice, or of the
judges of a State to be tried in a district court
of the United States. And not only them, but
every officer from those down to fence-viewer.
The candidate for every little office, such as
constable, township trustee, fence-viewer, hog
reeve, no matter how insignificant the office
may be, is entitled under this section to go into>
