18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
Laius of the, United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
court of the United States of competent juris-
diction, and, on conviction thereof, shall be
punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three years, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court, and shall pay the costs of
prosecution.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if,
at any registration of voters for an election for
Representative or Delegate in the Congress of
the United States, any person shall knowingly
personate and register, or attempt to register,
in thenameofany other person, whether living,
dead, or fictitious, or fraudulently register, or
fraudulently attempt to register, not having a
lawful right so to do ; or do any unlawful act
to secure registration for himself or any other
person; or by force, threat, menace, intim-
idation, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise
thereof, or other unlawful means, prevent or
hinder any person having a lawful right to
register from duly exercising such right; or
compel or induce, by any of such means, or
other unlawful means, any officer of registration
to admit to registration any person not legally
entitled thereto, or intertere in any manner
with any officer of registration in the discharge
of his duties, or by any such means, or other
unlawful means, induce any officer of regis-
tration to violate or refuse- to comply with his
duty, or any law regulating the same; or know-
ingly and willfully receive the vote of any per-
son not entitled to vote, or refuse to receive
the vote of any person entitled to vote, or aid,
counsel, procure, or advise any such voter,
person, or officer to do any act hereby made
a crime, or to omit any act, the omission of
which is hereby made a crime, every such per-
son shall be deemed guilty of a crime, and
shall be liable to prosecution and punishment
therefor, as provided in section nineteen of this
act for persons guilty of any of the crimes therein
specified: Provided, That every registration
made under the laws ot any State or ierritory,
for any State or other election at which such
Representative or Delegate in Congress shall
be chosen, shall be deemed to be a registration
within the meaning ot this act, notwithstanding
the same shall also be made for the purposes
of any State, territorial, or municipal election.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, by the laws ot any State or Terri-
tory, the name of atiy candidate or person to
be voted for as Representative or Delegate in
Congress shall be required to be printed, writ-
ten, or contained in any ticket or ballot with
other candidates or persons to be voted for at
the same election for State, territorial, muni-
cipal, or local officers, it shall be sufficien t pri ma
facie evidence, either for the purpose of indict-
ing or convicting any person charged with vot-
ing, or attempting or offering to vote, unlawfully
under the provisions of the preceding sections,
or for committing either of the offenses thereby
cieated, to prove that the person so charged
or indicted, voted, or attempted or offered to
vote, such ballot or ticket, or committed either
of the offenses named in the preceding sec-
tions of this act with reference to such ballot.
And the proof and establishment of such facts
shall be taken, held, and deemed to be pre-
sumptive evidence that such person voted, or
attempted or offered to vote, for such tiepre-
sentative or Delegate, as the case may be, or
that such offense was committed with refer-
ence to the election of such Representative or
Delegate, and shall be sufficient to warrant his
conviction, unless it shall be shown that any
su^li ballot, when east, or attempted or offered
to be cast, by him, did not contain the name
of any candidate for the office of Represent-
ative or Delegate in the Congress of the United
States, or that such offense was not committed
with reference to the election of such Repie-
sentative or Delegate.
Seg, 22. Andbe itfurtnerenactea,, lnat any
officer of any election at which any Represent-
ative or Delegate in the Congress of the Uni-
ted Stages shall be voted for, whether such
officer of election be appointed or created by
or under any law or authority of the United
States, or by or under any State, territorial,
district, or municipal law or authority, who
shall neglect or refuse to perform any duty in
regard to such election required of him by any
law of the United States, or of any State or
Territory thereof; or violate any duty so im-
posed, or knowingly do any act thereby unau-
thorized, with intent to affect anysuch election
or the result thereof; or fraudulently make
any false certificate of the result of such elec-
tion in regard to such Representative or Dele-
gate ; or withhold, conceal, or destroy any
certificate of record so required by law respect-
ing, concerning, or pertaining to the election
of any such Representative or Delegate ; or
neglect or refuse to make and return the same
as so required by law ; or aid, counsel, pro-
cure, or advise any voter, person, or officer to
do any act by this or any of the preceding sec-
tions made a crime ; or to omit to do any duty
the omission of which is by this or any of said
sections made a crime, or attempt to do so,
shall be deemed guilty of a crime and shall be
liable to prosecution aud( punishment there-
for, as provided in the nineteenth section of
this act for persons guilty of any of the crimes
therein specified.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any person shall be defeated or de-
prived of his election to any office, except
elector of President or Vice President. Repre-
sentative or Delegate in Congress, or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the denial
to any citizen or citizens who shall offer to
vote, of the right to vote, on account of race,
color, or previous condition ot servitude, his
right to hold and enjoy such office, and the
emoluments thereof, shall not be impaired by
such denial; and such person may bring any
appropriate suit or proceeding to recover pos-
session of such office, and in cases where it
shall appear that the sole question touching
the title to such office arises out of the denial
of the right to vote to citizens who so offered
to vote, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, such suit or proceed-
ing may be instituted in the circuit or district
court of the United States of the circuit or dis-
trict in which such person resides. And said
circuit or district court shall have, concur-
rently with the State courts, jurisdiction thereof
so far as to determine the rights ot the parties
to such office by reason of the denial of the
right guarantied by the fifteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution ot the United
States, and secured by this act.
Approved, May 31, 1870.
clerk, and may authenticate said signature by
affixing the seal of the court thereto, whereon
the impress of the seal is necessary to its au-
thentication. In such cases the signature shall
be, " , Clerk, by ;: ,
Assistant Clerk."
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That after
a judgment for a debt amounting with interest
to twenty dollars, exclusive of costs, before a
justice of the peace of the District of Colum-
bia, the judgment creditor may, when execu-
tion is returned " No personal property found
whereon to levy," file in the clerk's office of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
a certified copy of such-judgment, and which
shall be docketed in the docket of law causes
in said office, in the same manner as appeals
from justices are docketed there ; and when so
docketed, the force and effect of the judgment
shall be the same, as to lien and execution, as
if it had been a judgment of said court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of preserving the evidence of mar-
riages in the District of Columbia, every min-
ister of the Gospel, appointed or ordained
according to the rites and ceremonies of his
church, whether bis residence be in the Dis-
trict of Columbia or elsewhere in the United
States or its Territories, may be licensed to
celebrate marriages -in the said District; and
the license shall be issued by the clerk of the
supreme court of said District in the following
form:
"To any minister of the Gospel authorized
to celebrate marriages in the District of
Columbia, greeting:
"You are hereby licensed to solemnize the
rites of marriage between , of
and , of , if you
Chap. CXV.— An Act to further amend the
Law of the District of Columbia in relation
to Judicial Proceedings, and preserve Rec-
ords of Marriages therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all fictions in the
pleadings in the action of ejectment within the
District of Columbia be, and are hereby, abol-
ished ; and all actions for the recovery of real
estate in said District shall be commenced in
the name of the real party in interest, and
against the party claiming to own or be pos-
sessed thereof. , m '
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
of the duties of the clerk of the suprem e court
of the District of Columbia may be performed,
in his name, by any of the assistant clerks in
his office; and said assistants may sign the
name of the clerk to any process, certificate,
or other official act required by law or by the
praetifie of the court to bs f <!rfdrttied by said
find no lawful impediment thereto; and having
so done you are commanded to appear in the
clerk's office of the supreme court of said Dis-
trict, and certify the same.
'' Witness my hand and the seal of said court:
« , Clerk."
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
said clerk shall provide a record-book of his
office, consisting of licenses in the above form,
printed in blank, one of which he shall fill up
with the names of the parties for whose union
anv license has been issued, and beneath it
shall be printed a certificate to be made by the
minister who solemnized the marriage, in the
following form:
' I5 , minister of church
in , hereby certify that, by authority of
a license of the same tenor as the foregoing,
I solemnized the marriage of the parties afore-
said, on the    day of  .eighteen
  at  in the District of Columbia.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That a
copy of any license and certificate, recorded
in said book, certified by said clerk, under his
hand and the seal of the court, shall be com-
petent evidence of said marriage.
Approved, June 1, 1870.
Chap'. CXVI.—An Act concerning Divorces
in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Bep:
resenlatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
causes for which the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia may now grant divorces from
the bond of marriage, such divorce may be
granted for: First, habitual drunkenness for a
period of three years on the part of the party
complained against. Second, cruelty of treat-
ment endangering the life or health of the
party complaining. Third, willful desertion
and abandonment by the party complained
against of the party complaining for the tull
[ uninterrupted space of two years.
| Appuoveu, June 1, 1870.
