1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
W«r, in answer to a resolution of the Seoate of
the 25th ultimo, directing him to communicate
to the Senate what progress has been made in
the preparation for publication of the official
documents relating to the rebellion and the
operations of the Army of the United States,
provided for in the resolution of Congress
approved July 27, 1866, and also to state what
further legislation, if any, is necessary for the
aose of said resolution ; which was referred
e Committee on Military Affairs.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
reference 0? a bill.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That thebill (S.No. 292) to authorise and
provide for a building suited to the use of the post
office, the revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States in the city of Leavenworth, in
the State of Kansas, bo referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
district medical society.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up a little bill which ought to
have been passed on the day the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Revels] was admitted to this
floor. It was negligence on the part of the
Senate. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 511, to repeal
the charter of the Medical Society of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
taken up; that is a controverted matter.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no controversy
about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a controversy
about it, not in the Senator's mind; but there
is a controversy in regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Not in the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may not be in the
committee; but I do not know what authority
the Senator has to say there is no controversy
about it. I have seen a good many articles in
the newspapers here in regard to it. To call
up a measure of that kind in the morning hour,
when there is so much public business press-
ing, I hope will not be insisted on.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this is pub-
lic business. There is a medical society in the
city of Washington, chartered by Congress,
and according to the terms of its charter ded-
icated to medical and surgical science, and
nothing else. Now, this society has under-
taken to exclude colored persons merely on
account of color. The evidence before the
committee is explicit; it is beyond all ques-
tion. The report of the committee is on the
table, sir, and it may be on the tables of Sen-
ators. It can be read, setting forth the terms
of the charter; setting forth the evidence be-
fore the committee, taking it entirely from the
category of a doubtful question.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts if there is
anything in the charter that allows them to
exclude colored persons ?
Mr. SUMNER. There is not. It is a clear
case; and while the Senate have admitted our
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Revels] to this
floor, it is a shame that Congress continues to
tolerate a medical society excluding persons
merely on account of color. Now, 1 simply
wish to vote; I do not wish to argue it. I
hope it will be taken up.
Sir. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that debate on the merits of the proposi-
tion proposed to be considered is not admis-
sible.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going to debate
the merits; but I want to state that there is a
Senator absent who feels interested in the mat-
ter proposed to be considered, and I for one
desire that he shall be here whenever this bill
is taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Who?
Mr. THURMAN. There is a Senator, I say,
who bas some information that I think ought
to be laid before the Senate, and he is not now
present; and I desire that he shall be .here.
Furthermore, although this may seem very clear
to the mind of the Senator from Massachusetts,
I will say it does not seem so to the minds of
other Senators, and this bill will be debated.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, Mr. President,
every measure for equal rights m this District
has been debated, and every measure of that
kind has been opposed on this floor by the
party represented by my distinguished friend.
Every such measure, no matter what form it
assumed, whether it was to open the cars,
whether it was to open this Chamber itself, has
been debated and opposed. I expected oppo-
sition from a certain quarter, but then that
opposition must be met and voted down. This
principle of proscription and caste driven away
from the ballot-box here in the District, driven
; away from the cars and public conveyances,
finds its citadel among the medical .fraternity.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Massachusetts, as he
did the Senator from Ohio, that debate on the
merits is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I have said enough.
I hope the Senate will take up the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state one reason why
that bill ought not to be taken up. There was
a medical college chartered here a good many
years ago. When colored people first applied
for admission into it they were refused. That
concession has since been fully made, and the
colored doctors have the same right to admit-
tance now into that institution that the whites
have. The Senator from Massachusetts, how-
ever, is so inexorable that notwithstanding this
fall concession that has been mentioned, and
has been made to colored persons 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Kentucky that debate
;j on the merits is not in order. The question
|! is on the motion of the Senator from Massa
II chusetts, to take up the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. I will remark that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,]
who is now absent, has perhaps more inform-
ation on this subject than any other Senator
except the Senator from Massachusetts, and
his views are different from those of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I think he ooght to
be present. I know he has had a great deal of
communication with the members of the med-
ical society; heard a good deal from them;
has in his possession, I think, some represent-
ations in writing; will be prepared, I believe,
to protest against this measure when it may be
presented to the Senate; and I think on his
aceount it should be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to take up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I know of but one reason
myself, and hear of but one other, why this bill
may not properly be taken up now. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia has a day
of its own every week, or it stands at the head
of the few committees to which that day be-
longs. Am I right in that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
statement is correct.
Mr. WILSON. This is the day.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts anticipates me by saying this is the
day; but I am not aware that because this is
the day the morning hour also belongs to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. If
the bill were likely to snffer between now and
one o'clock that would be a good reason for
taking it up. The other reason which I hear
is this—and I want to know whether I under-
stood the Senator from Maryland aright—that
the Senator from New Hampshire of the com-
mittee is in some way charged with this matter
and wishes to be here when it is considered.
Did the Senator so state?
Mr. VICKERS. 1 do not know that lie
wishes to be here; but I know he has con-
siderable information on the subject, and if
here will be able to present it to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Did that Senator say
he was opposed to the bill?
Mr. VICKERS. In committee he was op-
posed to the bill. I do not know what change
may have been wrought since.
Mr. SUMNER. I can explain, for I was
charged by the committee to report the bill,
and 1 did it after conference with the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CONKLING. Does he not want to be
here?
Mr. SUMNER. I have no reason to sup-
pose that he does.
Mr. DAVIS. I know that the Senator from
New Hampshire is opposed to the passage
of the bill, because he told me so before he
left.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is a misap-
prehension on that point. The bill as first
ordered to be drawn by the committee was dif-
ferent in character. To that the Senator was
opposed; but the one now before the Senate
was submitted to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and bad bis approval, communicated to
me.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand the Senator
from New Hampshire is in favor of this bill
in its present shape.
Mr. FERRY. I had intended to vote to
take up this bill, but upon being informed that
the Senator from New Hampshire, a member
of the committee, is opposed to the bill 
Mr. SUMNER. The. Senator is mistaken.
I am a member of the committee; I had the
honor of reporting this bill after conference
with the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. FERRY. Information is given by a
Senator upon this floor that the Senator from
New Hampshire informed him before he went
away that he was opposed to this bill. There
may be some misapprehension about it; but
under the circumstances, in the absence of
that Senator, I do not feel justified in voting
to take it up.
Mr. SUMNER, There is one remark I would
make in reply to a remark that has been made
on the floor about proceeding with this bill
now. I understand it is expected that we shall
proceed to day with the bills of the Committee
on Claims. It will be observed by looking at
the Calendar that this bill was reported as long
ago as February 8. It has been extensively
discussed in the newspapers. The people of
the District are much interested in it, and I
may say the colored people feel sore and indig-
nant at their exclusion from these opportuni-
ties of medical education. It is clearly a ques-
tion of caste. They are proscribed; tbey are
shutout from educational opportunities; and I
submit that this is a measure whi«h the Senate
ought to act upon promptly. The great exam-
ple has been set by receiving the Senator from
Mississippi. Howeaflthe Senate hesitate to
secure the same rights for colored doctors here
in the city of Washington? ....
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this is an argument on the merits of the bill,
which by the eleventh rule is not admissible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I expect to
vote for this bill whenever it shall be taken up;
but it must be obvious to the Senator from
Massachusetts that it cannot be taken up this
morning and disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to taking up nscfttures and continuing them
from day to day, and especially at the present
juncture of affairs, because it will interfere
with the funding bill and be the unfinished
business of Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. This is the
morning hour. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then rt will
pass over from day to day.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is going to debate it1?
