1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4509
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentltiiii&n can see
it in the list which I hold in my hand.
Mr, ARCHER. Will the gentleman givfe the
name ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mfg. Evelina; Poftef teg-
eeived that amount ntidef the act Of ' February
18, 1859. The decision was GveH'tiled by an
officer who subsequently had charge of the
fund. That is only one instance ;■ there -are
other cases.
Mr. ARCHER. Very well, sir; if the gen-
tleman's statement is correct, it simply shows
a misconstruction of an act of Congress by an
officer of the gentleman's own party, or a mis-
construction of an act under a former Admin-
istration, I do not care which. The fact that
there lias been a misinterpretation of an act
ol' Congress—and i am sure our acts tire in-
definite enough sometimes to cause misinter-
pretation—is no reason why this Congress
should "deprive a whole class of men who have
gallantly defended the country of what has
been pledged to them upon the severed honor
of the nation. The provision of law' on this
subject has, under the orders Of the Govern-
ment, been publicly read atevefy naval station
and on board of every Vessel once every month.
In this way the officers and se&rnen of our
Navy have been assured that they, and after
their death their widows and orphans, Should
be taken care of from this fund*
If the funds be now placed in the Treasury,
as proposed, then, whenever a naval appro-
priation bill may fail, these people will be left
without that which belongs to them as a vested
right, as much a vested right as the right of
any gentleman here to the coat which he wears
Or the furniture in his dwelling. Thus to divert
this fund from the purposes to which it is
solemnly pledged would be robbery, 1 hope
no such wrong will be perpetrated by tnis
House. I trust that the views of the Senate,
which has al ways considered this fund as sacred,
will prevail.
A gentleman near me asks me to jive some
history of the origin of this fund. It arose
from two sources: tirst, from the fines and
forfeitures which accrued from the stealing of
live oak timber in Florida. That was a small
amount. Afterward it was declared that the
proceeds of all prizes captured on the high
Seas should be divided, the Government receiv-
ing one half and the other half to be invested
for the payment of pensions. Thus the United
States, instead of being called upon to pay these
pensions out of the Treasury, is not required
to pay one cent in that way. This fund has
been made by the naval officer.?, by the gal-
lantry and the bravery of their hearts and the
strength of their own right, arms. I hope this
House will accede to this amendment pro-
posed on the part of the Senate and do no such
wrong.
Mr. KELSEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the question
discussed by my friend from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] and by some others is not really the
question involved in this amendment. The
question we are about to settle, so far as the
action of the House is concerned, is not how
much shall be paid to any. widow or orphan
connected with the Navy. - It is a simple ques-
tion as to how it shall be paid. The amount
of pension is fixed by law. It has nothing to
do with any fund. We pass a pension la?/ for
the Navy exactly as for the Army, providing
What class of persons shall be bencficiaries
under it and to what amount; and wheii^ any
person makes application for the benefit of that
fund he makes application to the pension de-
partment, the same as any person connected
with the Army. Their right to a pension is
passed upon by the Commissioner of Pensions
exactly the same as if the person claiming a
pension belonged to the Army, where the
amount is fixed. We are proposing to rob
Bobody and to wrong nobody, but to 'give the
widows and orphans and the wonnded of the
Navy alt the gentleman from Maryland will say
thfey ought to have, and all the people of the
country, grateful fer the gallant service of the
Navy, Will sfty they onght to haves When the
question (SO(ties up as- to how much they shall
be paid and bow many shall be included in
thisy-I -will agree with, my friend from Mary-
land ; but the question here is as to how you
shall pay it; whether you Shall take the money
out Of one poeketor out of another—that is all,
and I agree with the Oommittee on Appropri-
ations on that question. I am opposed to all
side pockets, bccause they are always plunder-
pockets,
I have never known an instance eitlce I have
been n member of Congress where you kept
up a side pocket and a side fund that all the
thieves in the country were not constantly
endeavoring to thrust their fingers into it.
When you keep the money -in the Treasury
under the charge of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under our system of checks and balances,
it has been honestly paid. I am not saying
this is not honestly paid; but I say that the
Navy officers who take such a deep interest in
this, and whose views agree with those of the
gentleman from Maryland, are entirely mis-
taken, in tny judgment, about their own inter-
est's. It is far better for them to depend upon
the gratefill people of the country to take care
of their widows atid orphans than any fund
set apart to be put into the hands of men who
will endeavor constantly to turn it from its
purpose and plufider it.
Mr. ARCHES. Has not an act of Congress
been passed directing the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of the Treasury to invest that
fund in five-twenty United States bonds? Was
not that act of lS'JS passed here at the request
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
BctleuY]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will remind the gen-
tleman, when ho says this naval fund of
$14,000,000 was taken away and put in five-
twenties, that it was put under the control, not
of the Secretary of the Treasury, but of some
subordinate in the Department, where it will be
just about as safe as the Indian bonds were in
the Interior Department. That i= the law, and
unless we guard these S14,000,000 of money in
the general Treasury the^e widows and orphans
and wounded otlieeis may have to come buck
on the Treasury of the United States, because
that, fund may be gone.
II is not a question of gallantry. Not at all.
I suppose there is not a gentleman in this House
who does not appreciate the services of our
naval men during the late war as much os the
gemleman from Maryland. I yield to no one
oil the floor in my admiration for these gallant
men and in my sympathy for their widows
and orphans; am], as I have said, I will go
as far as any person in enlarging their pen-
sions, if not large enough now, and in enlarg-
ing their number. That is not the question
here; but will you keep a fund winch may
be lost or squandered where it is, or place it
beyond the reach of those for whom it was
never intended, and wheie, under the control
of the law, it will be preserved for the widows
and orphans and disabled of the Navy?
As a member of ihc Naval Committee I
have been, as a matter of course, brought
much in contact with these naval gentlemen ;
and I am sorry that in this one thing, perhaps
in some others, too, I eaunot agree with them
about their own interests. I think they can
depend upon the whole Treasury of the United
States to take care of the fund a great deal
belter than they can upon one man carrying it
around in a side pocket. Can any one tell me
of a single fund that has been set aside in the
history of our Government that has not been
plundered? I have several in my mind just
now, funds which have been set apart in side
pockets, and which have been plundered.
Mr. ARCHER. In reply to thegentleman's
question, I would instance this fund, which
has existed since 1800 down to the present
time, and which, so far as I am aware, has
never been plundered, and yet it has been
entirely exhausted twice and we have had to
go*b4ckto the general funds in the Treasury to
pay the pensions.
Mr. SGOF1ISLD. Thegentieman from Mary-
land says that tin's futid has never been plun-
dered. I am not saying that it has been. I
am only speaking of analogous cases, and say-
ing that I apprehend this fund may be destroyed
in like manner. I desire also to remind my
naVal friends who are so anxious to retain the
fund, that their course with reference to this
and some other things, in which they want to
be treated differently from any other class of
American citizens or any other branch of the
public service, is what awakens the prejudice
againsfc the Navy, which we hear expressed
every time anything comes up in relation to it,
either as regards building of ships, or regulat-
ing the pay of officers, or making appropri-
ations to it, or anything else connected with
the service. The prejudice against this arm
of the service has grown up, to some extent
at least, from their anxiety to be divorced from
the control of Congress and the power of the
Government, and to do all themselves and not
let Congress know what they are doing.
Mr. lvELSBY. I yield to the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Kl.v] for one minute.
Mr. ELA. I only require a minute to men-
tion a case which will show the necessity of
abolishing this side pocket. On the 2d of
March, 1861, a special act passed Congress
granting a pension, to commence in 1808. at
twenty dollars per month. Without any au-
thority of law, out of this side pocket this pen-
sion was raised from the amount fixed by Con-
gress up to fifty dollars a month, going back
to the year 18-53, the amount taken out of this
side pocket being in all $3,085. It seems to
me that that case alone should be sufficient
to carry a measure of this kind in order to
protect the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I always listen
with great pleasure to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. ScoriEtja.] He states all
his propositions clearly and almost always ac-
curately : but in this case the question does not
present itself to my mind as it does to his.
If, Mr. Speaker, it weie a question to day
before this House whether it would create for
the heirs of d^abb-d sadois a fund to which
they coald look, then it woiid b3 for us to
consider how the pension which should go to
disabled sailors, or the heirs of those killed in
tile service, should be paid. But the question
here is, shall the Government keep its plighted
faith to this deserving class? This fund grew
upat a time or limes when the nation felt itself
under the spur'and stressor immediate obliga-
tion to the sailor? for their acts in maintaining
the credit of the Government. Undert'ne spa"
and stress of that feeling Congress established
this fund. It has existed from that day tothis.
It has been sanctioned by repeated acts. Con-
gress has said to the sudors, '' Whatever muta-
tions may come about in appropriations tills,
or may aifect bills covering pensions from year
to year, you shall be exempt,'' A generation
or more, hi - grown up looking upon tLis as the
plighted faith of the na'ion ; that this fund
should not be dHuthed. There aie no avenues
to this fund that. Congress has given ; only
there is the sense of security in the minds of
the sailors that, come what will, here is a fund
earned by them; a portion of it set apait by
Congress, at no expense to the Government,
from which their pensions are to be pakh
1 said that there are no avenues to tine lund ;
there are none. There is no piundeiing the
fund now: there has been none heretofore:
what there may bo in the future cannot now
be toh't. Cut, according to tnv i sperience. if
there is any class of meu who can be trusted in
pecuniary matters, who hold themselves" high
