18T0.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3565
There is another amend-
the district court of the United States, if he
makes the allegation that this bill has been vio-
lated, and he lias thereby lost his election, and
have that question tried there. Asa practical i
measure, 1 must confess my surprise that my
friend from Wisconsin, who is usually so ex-
tremely astute, and especially astute to guard
against anything that would destroy the useful-
ness of the courts, should be in love with this
section, which seems to me to be one of the
most objectionable sections in the whole bill.
But, sir, while I am up I will say a word or
two upon the House bill. Neither one of these
bills is what I think it ought to be. The House
bill, it seems to me, is less obnoxious in many
particulars than the Senate bill. But, on the
other hand, the House bill needs amendment,
or it will go upon an entirely wrong principle.
The first thing in respect to the House bill to
which I will call attention is this 
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will permit
me, the fifth section of the Senate bill, as agreed
upon by the committee, should read ''concur-
rent jurisdiction with the State courts," and I
will modify it in that way. It is a misprint as
it stands.
Mr. CARPENTER. The section should be
amende 1 by inserting at the end of the seventh
line the words " with the proper State courts;"
bo that the section will read:
And the circuit and district courts of tho United
States shall havo concurrent jurisdiction with the
propei State courts of all eases arising under this
section.
Mr. STEWART. Let that amendment be
made.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
ment pending now.
Mr. STEWART. But this correction can
be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can amend it without
unanimous consent when we get through with
the pending amendment.
Air. THURMAN. In what line of the fifth
section should that change be made?
Mr. CARPENTER. At the end of the sev-
enth line, after the words "concurrent juris
diction," the words "with the proper State
courts'' should be inserted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was the way it was
agreed upon in committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is a misprint.
Mr. THURMAN. That, I suppose, might
be of some service as excluding a conclunion,
excluding the idea that this was intended, to be
an exclusive jurisdiction. I do not see how
Congress can confer any jurisdiction upon a
State court; and it might be of some service
as excluding a conclusion.
Mr. STEWART. That is the object of it.
Mr. THURMAN. But, sir, I am now going
to speak about the House bill; and I beg the
attention of my friend to this; for although I
think it might be amended so as to be better
than the Senate bill, yet the House bill as it
stands seems to me to be seriously objectionable.
The first and most remarkable feature, unless
I am very much mistaken, about the House
billisthatthe second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh, and eighth sections of the House bill
are all covered by the first section. The first
section covers the whole ground that is to be
found in every section of the bill from the first
until yon come down to the ninth.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) Let us stick
to the precise point before us.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not hear the remark
of the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was alluding to the fact
that the pending question for consideration
was the motion of the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Warner.] I did not intend to interrupt
the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose that amend-
ment opens the whole matter?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not complain of it.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Vermont
killed that amendment long ago. I do not
watat to say anything against such a proposi-
tion as that. I do not deem it necessary to
say anything against a proposition which I am
sure my friend from Alabama will withdraw
when he comes to think about it, which pro-
poses to make all the world common inform-
ers, and provides that the man who is first in
the race, the man who can first get to a magis-
trate and make a complaint, shall put $500 in
his pocket, and excludes the man who is actu-
ally injured by his vote being rejected from
the compensation which the bill provides. I
do not suppose that it is necessary to argue
such a proposition as that. I think my friend
from Alabama will withdraw that amendment.
As I have said, the first remarkable feature
that strikes me about this House bill is that
the first section covers all the other sections
down to the ninth. I usk Senators to look at
the first section. It provides—
That any officer of the United States, or of any
State, Territory, or distriot, and every officer of any
city, county, town, township, borough, ward, parish,
or hundred, in any State, Territory, or district, who
shall by any official act whatever, or by the omis-
sion, neglect, or refusal to perform any official act or
duty whatever, whether under color or pretext of
any provision of any State constitution, or any law
of any State, Territory, or district whatsoever, or of
any local, municipal, or other law, rule, or ordinance,
deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United
States to vote, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, at any Federal, State, county,
municipal, or other election, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be punished by imprisonment of not less than
one year and not exceeding three years, or by a fine
not less than $500 nor exceeding 85,000, or both such
fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the court.
That covers every conceivable case of official
misconduct or official negligence that can be
, found in this bill, or that can exist at all.
There is not one single supposable case of
official negligence, whether it is in a registrar,
whether it is in a tax assessor, whether it is in
a tax col lector, whether it is in a judge of
election, whether it is in a board of canvass-
ers, or whether it is in any other official func-
tionary whomsoever, that is not covered by
this first section. That being the case, there
is no necessity at all for the other sections
which follow in the bill, until you come to the
ninth.
The second thing that strikes one as carious
about the House bill is that, after leaving the
first section, every other section in the bill
down to the ninth is confined to a refusal to
permit a colored citizen to register or to vote.
That is the whole of it. It is only for the pro-
tection of colored citizens. If this bill passes
the maB who by intimidation prevents a white
citizen from voting or from registering goes
without any punishment whatsoever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is in the House bill,
not the Senate bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I am speaking of the
House bill. In such a case he goes without
any punishment, unless he is punished under
the State law. The man who interferes with
the rights of a white citizen, and deprives him
of his right to register or to vote, is subject to
no punishment except that which the State law
affords.
Mr. FERRY. But the ninth section pro-
vides for all citizens.
Mr. THURMAN. The ninthsection itistrue
provides for all citizens. That section reads:
That if any person shall by threats, violence, or
intimidation preYent or attempt to prevent any cit-
izen of the United States from the free exercise of
his right to vote in any election_ at which members
of Congress or electors for President or Viee Presi-
dent of the United States moy be voted for, &c.
My friend from Connecticut will observe that
this section applies only to the election of mem-
bers of Congress, or electors of President and
Vice President; but the preceding part of the
bill punishes anybody who interferes with the
right of the colored citizen who offers his vote
at any State election whatsoever, or any elec-
tion held under any State constitution or law,
down to the lowest municipal election that can
be held. The ninth section only refers to Fed-
eral elections. So the Senator will see that I
am right in saying that the sections from one
to nine, both exclusive, do not protect the
right of any white man whatsoever, but are
simply limited to the protection of the colored
race. If the Senate is prepared to say that a
white man is less entitled to protection in his
right of suffrage than is a colored man, then
this House bill is all right; but if the Senate
is not prepared to say that, then the word
"colored" should be stricken out wherever it
occurs, in everyone of these sections, so as to
make them apply to all citizens alike. That
is an amendment that can very easilybe made,
and then the bili would not be obnoxious to
the criticism I am now making upon it.
But in point of truth there is no necessity,
after the first section, for any one of these sec-
tions in the House bill until you come to section
nine. What, then, is section nine ?
That if any person shall, by threats, violence, or
intimidation, prevent or attempt to prevent any citi-
zen of the United States from thefree exercise of his
right to vote in any election at which members of
Congress or electors for President or Vice President
of the United States may be voted for, such person
so offending shall be liable to indictment, and on
conviction thereof, shall be subject to a fine not
exceeding $1,000, or to imprisonment not less than
one year nor more thun three years, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
Then the tenth section provides :
That the circuit courts of the United States shall
have jurisdiction of the suits for forfeitures imposed
and causes of action created by this act, and the
| circuit and district courts of the United States shall
I have jurisdiction of the misdemeanors created by
this act.
In my opinion, if you would strike out of
this House bill all the sections but the first and
ninth and tenth sections it would be more
unique, and then would be a bill that some one
with some reason might support. Whether or
not it would be perfectly right then I do not
say. I should like to reflect upon that before
I could vote for it; but it certainly would then
be a bill not obnoxious to the objections to
; which both the Senate bill and the House bill
as it now stands are. I hope we shall go on,
however, and perfect the House bill. The
, more I reflect upon the Senate bill the more
surprised I am that anybody can give it his
! support.
Now, I wish to say one word in respect to
the Senate bill, and I do not know that I shall
trouble the Senate again with remarks upon
this subject. I wish to say a word upon the
twelfth section, to which I briefly alluded the
| day before yesterday in the remarks that I then
' submitted. That section is in these words:
That it shall be lawful for the President of the
; United States, or such person as he may empower for
that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be deemed necessary to prevent the violation
and enforce the due execution of this act.
I expected that the gentleman who has this
' bill in charge would explain that section and
I let us know how these troops were to act, how
they were to enforce the provisions of this bill,
; how they were to prevent its violation. Let
| me ask the attention of that gentleman. There
[ are in the State of Ohio about fifteen hundred
election precincts. I suppose, taking the whole
| United States together, there are not less than
twenty-five or thirty thousand election pre-
cincts in the whole United States and the Ter-
ritories thereof, all of which are covered by
this bill. Now, what are you going to do with
your troops? It will be said that it will BOt
be necessary to send them to every one of these
election precincts. Manifestly not. You would
have to increase the Army twentyfold, fifty-
I fold, to do that. It is supposed, then, that
j there are some places only to which it will be
necessary to send troops; and yon put it
entirely in the discretion of the Chief Magis-
trate of this country, whoever may be that
Chief Magistrate, in a law which you intend to
be permanent—it ought to be permanent or
net be a lawatall—to interfere with the mili-
tary at any poll where he may see fit so to
interfere.
In any section of the country, in any State,
in aay district, in any closely-coutested State
