1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_ Leavenworth, and these cavalry troops being
dismounted, had no means of transportation.
Under these circumstances this officer fur-
nished them transportation. Cavalry, it was
not to be expected,would march on foot seven
hundred miles. A sum of $360 was expended
in providing them transportation, and this res-
olution will have the effect of reimbursing him
in that amount.
The question being taken on the third read-
ing of the bill, it was agreed to ; and the bill,
being engrossed, was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
chief veterinary surgeon,
Mr. LOGAN also reported back from the
Committee on Military Affairs the bill (H. R.
No. 13) to create the office of chief veterin-
ary surgeon of the United States Army, with
the recommendation that it be laid on the table.
The bill was laid on the table.
saw-bayonet.
Mr. LOGAN also reported back from the
same committee a resolution in reference to
Colonel Alexander's saw-bayonet, with the
recommendation that it be laid on the table.
The resolution was laid on the table.
steamboat inspector at cairo.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 108)
for the appointment of a steamboat inspector
at Cairo, Illinois ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
map oe united states territories.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
liemlved, That Brevet Major General A. A. Hum-
phreys, chief of engineers, be instructed to furnish
for the use of Congress five hundred copies of each
of the two maps of the United States Territories
recently prepared by the Bureau of Engineers.
Mr. LOGAN. This, Mr. Speaker, is a mat-
ter of some importance, and, with the permis-
sion of the House, I will say a word or two in
reference to it. I have received a letter from
General Humphreys stating that he had means,
cut of the fund appropriated for the purpose,
of furnishing to Congress for distribution some
five hundred copies of these very fine maps of
the United States Territories. It is for the
House to say whether they want these or not.
If there is no objection 1 should like to have
the resolution put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will have
to go to the Committee on Printing, under the
rule.
The resolution was accordingly referred to
the Committee on Printing.
united states geological' survey.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That theie he published for the use of
the House five thousand copies of the preliminary
field report of the United States geological survey
of Colorado and New Mexico.
distribution op mails.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
liemlved. That the Committee on Accounts bo in-
structed to investigate the cause of the delay in
distributing the mails, and report to the House what
action, if any, is necessary to expedite the same.
additional bounties.
• Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Co"m-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported back the
bill (II. R. No. 467) to repeal section four of
the act of March 3, 1809, entitled "An act in
relation to additional bounties," and for other
purposes, with a substitute for the same ; and
moved that the substitute be printed and with
the bill, recommitted to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
burguier and goewey.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the claim of
T. Bnrguier and Goewey for subsistence sup-
plies Turnished the United States for the de-
fense of Port Union, March 25, 1869, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
peter j. burciiell.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 744)
for the relief of Peter J. Burchell, of Kane
county, Illinois, and moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
isaac bolinger and andrew c. fou'drin.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the resolution of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, requesting their Senators
and Representatives in Congress to procure an
appropriation for Isaac Bolinger and Andrew
C. Foudrin, and moved that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MAYi^ARD. Does the motion include
the papers?
Mr. PACKARD. I am not aware that there
are any papers at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know if they
are in the committee-room, but they ought to
be there.
The motion was agreed to.
military fortifications.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 12) authorizing paymentfor work done
on military fortifications, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ellis and turner.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a joint resolution from
the Legislature of Tennessee, for the relief of
Ellis and Turner, scouts of the United States
during the late rebellion, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
steam packet company.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia,reported back, with the recom-
mendation thatit do pass, the bill (S. No. 92) in
addition to the act entitled " An act to incorpo-
rate the Washington, Alexandria, and George-
town Steam Packet Company."
The first section of the bill provides that the
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Wash-
ington, Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam
Packet Company," approved March 3, 1829,
and continued for ten years by the act of Feb-
ruary 26, 1849, be extended and continued in
full force and effect for another period of
twenty years, commencing with the 1st day of
January, 1809, provided that Congress may
atany time hereafter modify or repeal the same.
The second section provides that no suit or
action depending in any court whatever in
which said corporation is plaintiff or defendant
shall be discontinued by reason of the expira-
tion of the charter of said corporation, but (he
same shall continue in all respects as if the
said charter had not expired, and the Pres-
ident and directors who were iu office at the
time the charter expired, are to continue in
office until others shall be duly chosen in their
places.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We ought to know some-
thing about that bill before it is passed.
Mr. STONE. The bill merely continues for
a period of twenty years the charter of a cor-
poration which was organized in 1829 with a
small capital of fifty or seventy-five thousand
dollars.
Mr, KELSE Y. I would inquire whether the
company has not already ceased to exist?
Mr. STONE. No, sir; I thinknot.
Mr. KELSEY. What business is it engaged
in?
Mr. STONE. In transporting freight and
passengers down the river. The company was
incorporated in 1829 to convey freight and pas-
sengers from the city of Washington to Alex-
andria and round to Baltimore. Their charter
continued for twenty years, and was then re-
newed for another term of twenty years, which
has just expired ; and they now ask that it may
be continued for twenty years longer. I would
state that the company haveuo exclusive privi-
leges whatever. I believe they now own only
one old boat, the steamer Columbia.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know if
it is necessary to have an act of incorporation
in order for some gentlemen to own an old
boat ?
Mr. STONE. They seem to think so ; and
as they have had this privilege extended to
them for the last forty years the Committee
for the District of Columbia instructed me to
report back the bill, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then the name ought to
have been changed to the Old Boat Company.
Mr. STONE. I am not. aware that they have
more than one boat, but they may have others.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
district courts in iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (EL. li.
No. 249) for an act concerning the district
courts of the United States for the district of
Iowa.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman from
Iowa allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe this is a bill for
the purpose of establishing some new judicial
circuits in the State of Iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. No; it is simply for
the purpose of dividing the district we have.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I would like to inquire what is the
number ofplaccs at which United States courts
are now held in the State of Iowa?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. There is now a dis-
trict court at the city of Des Moines and one
at the city of Burlington; and it ia proposed
by this bill to have one at the city of Council
Bluffs.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not desire to oppose
this bill, but it does seem to me that there
should be somo little caution exercised in pass-
ing bills establishing places for holding courts
at so many points, as every additional point
causes that much additional expense on the
part of the Government. I do not know any-
thing about this bill, whether it is proper or
not; but I merely suggest that it is perhaps
questionable whether there should be so many
places for holding courts.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Loughridge] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I will.
Mr. WELKER. I would ask the gentle-
man whether under this subdivision of their
district court it will not become necessary to
build another court-house and also to employ
several additional clerks?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. i know of no reason
why anything of that kind should be required.
This is simply a local matter for the benefit
and convenience of the people and attorneys
of the State of Iowa, and the people ot no
other State have any interest in it.
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest that it
does concern those of us who do not live in
