5454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
at-!arge. But that has been so well argued by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bikgham] that
I will pot endeavor to add anything to whathe
has said.
I think it is due to Joseph Segar that this
House should admit him to a seat upon this
floor. He is an old-line Whig, and has always
been a Union man. He stood by me in the
-j-eneral Assembly ofVirginia when it required
something like a man to stand square up to
his own opinions of loyalty and duty. I think
the argument of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is conclusive, and I should be
ashamed to repeat what has been so well said
by him. I have been here long enough to
learn that the acts of the Congress of the
United States are not like the laws of the
Medes and Persians, but that they are some-
times changed; and if any gentleman on this
floor has any constitutional doubt upon this
matter, X can see very good reason why he
should give it to the person claiming this seat.
He has been elected by a majority of eighteen
thousand. He went through the canvass gal-
lantly. He has suffered greatly for the Union
cause. _ I hope the House will do him justice
by admitting him to a seat.
Mr. PAINE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burr.]
Mr. BURR. Air. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to engage at all in the discussion of
this case; but I feel it incumbent upon me, as
a member of the committee, to state the con-
clusion to which I arrived, and which I believe
is the same conclusion reached by all the
Democratic members of the committee. That
conclusion is against the applicant. I say this
because there are five Democratic members of
the committee, and none of the others seemed
to be prepared to speak upon the question.
When I commenced the investigation of this
case I was impressed in favor of Mr. Segar's
claim to the seat. After examining the ques-
tion, however, with some degree of eare, lam
prepared to indorse fully the majority report,
adverse to the claim. The main ground upon
which Mr. Segar bases his claim to a seat is
this: that the ordinance of the State of Vir-
ginia providing for carrying _ into effect the
State constitution after its ratification by Con-
gress provided, among other things, that the
State of Virginia might elect nine members,
eight from the districts, and one from the State-
at-large. But the very fact of providing forthe
election of eight by districts shows an appre-
hension on the part of the convention that as
to the ninth member there was considerable
doubt of his admission by Congress. The fur-
ther fact appears that Mr. Segar was a candi-
date for Representative from the first district
at the same time that he was running on the
ticket for Representative-at-large. If he had
been elected, as he anticipated, as the Repre-
sentative from the first district, does any one
suppose we should have heard of any claim to
representation for the State of Virginia at large
on this floor? I imagine not.
But it is further said that Congress has
indorsed this claim. Upon that point I ask
the attention of the House for a moment. It
is true that in December, 1808, this House did
pass a.bill authorizing the people of the State
of Virginia to elect nine members of Congress.
If that bill had been parsed by the Senate and
had become a law there would have been a
seat for Mr. Segar, or somebody else, as the
ninth Representative from the State of Vir-
ginia. 1 hat bill, however, never become a
law. ^ But it is said that after the bill was passed
by this^ House it was indorsed by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate. That, I believe, is
true; But that did not make the bill a law.
Until a law has been passed allowing Virginia
nine Representatives, until the apportionment
of 1SG1 had been enlarged by act of Congress,
there can be no seat vacant here to be occupied
/ a ninth Representative from
the State of Virginia.
Mr. S1EVENSON. Does not the gentle-
man admit, however, that when this House
twice votes for a proposition it shows what
the House thinks is right?
Mr. BURR. I will answer the gentleman.
If this House twice votes for an appropriation
of $100,000 to improve the Illinois river, and
that appropriation fails to pass the Senate, it
may snow the sentiment of the House on that
subject, but it does not take any money out of
the Treasury.^ After the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate indorsed this claim it was defeated
in the Senate. Finally the act of April, 18G9,
was passed, admitting the State of Virginia
and according^ her eight Representatives, thus
by direct implication negativing her claim to a
ninth. What becomes of the action of this
House in regard to the admission of nine Rep-
resentatives-? It is in the same position as any
other proposition passed by the House and fail-
ing to receive the concurrence of the Senate.
It is entirely null and void. It is, if you please,
an expression of the opinion of this body as to
what ought to be the law ; but nevertheless
our opinion is not law without the concurrence
of the Senate.
Another ground on which this claim was urged
m committee, although I have not heard it
urged in the House, is that the liberation and
enfranchisement of a large portion of the peo-
ple of Virginia added to her representative
population, and entitled her to nine members.
There is force in this argument; and it may be
a good reason for passing an act allowing Vir-
ginia nine members. But no such act has been
passed, and the claim is equally good in behalf
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and the
other southern States whose representative
population has been increased by the enfran-
chisement ofthe negroes. And the claim is ten-
fold stronger oil behalf of the States of the
Northwest, which for every slave enfranchised
in the South can show three white men emi-
grating from foreign countries and naturalized
since the passage of the last apportionment
act.
Without regard to my sympathies, without
reference to what I might wish to be the law,
or what I might wish to be within the power
of the House, I must stand by my view of the
law as it is. Congress having fixed eight as
the number of Representatives from Virginia,
we have no more power to add to the number
than we have to add to the representation of
every other State under the apportionment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I now yield for two minutes to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJAMIN". Mr. Speaker, there is but
a single point in this case, as it seems to me,
and that is this : whether the act admitting the
Stateof West Virginia was intended to increase,
and did in fact increase, the number of members
of the House ofRepresentatives. Nogentleman
will contend for one moment that the House by
a simple resolution can add to its number with-
out the sanction of the Senate and the Presi-
dent of the United States. Now, whoever will
look to the act for the admission of West Vir-
ginia will at once come to the conclusion that
no increase of the number of the members of
the House is there intended. The number of
members of the House of Representatives is
fixed by law to-day at two hundred and forty-
one, and no more. If, on the other hand, the
gentlemen who contend that the act admitting
West Virginia increased the number by three
members, then, if the State of Virginia had
elected eleven instead of nine members, the
same principle would have required us to have
admitted that whole number just as much as
it would require us to admit this one additional
member to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. PAINE. This. Mr. Speaker, seems to
be nothing else than a bald attempt by a res-
olution of the House to give a man a seat here
for whom the law has provided no seat. Now,
as I said before, there must be a law before
there can be a seat for any man to occupy.
There has been no law in this case.
Gentlemen seem to think the Constitution,
which secures to the several Legislatures the
right to district and redistrict their States for
the election of Representatives to this House,
gives the States the right to fix the number of
the members to be sent to this House. But
there is no such provision in the Constitution.
The Constitution does, indeed, give the State
Legislatures, subject to the supervision of Con
gress, the right to district and redistrict the
States when the number of Representatives has
been fixed; but the Constitution nowhere gives
State Legislatures or State constitutional con-
ventions the power or right to iix the number
of members .in this House. Yet here is an
attempt to-day to lodge that power in a State
convention.
Gentlemen say that by admitting Virginia we
approve her constitution, and so make this the
Federal law By admitting the State and ac-
cepting her constitution we dogo as far as this:
we admit that she has established by it a repub-
lican form of government; but, sir, we do not
convert any provision of that constitution into
Federal law by our ratification of it in the way
of readmitting the State. But suppose we did ;
suppose we could. There is no such provision
in the constitution of Virginia. No such pro-
vision was ever submitted to the people of Vir-
ginia. It is true, that the convention which
framed the constitution also framed that ordi-
nance ; but it was never submitted to or ratified
by the people. It went int-o effect immediately;
and nowhere, I repeat it, nowhere do you find
in our congressional legislation a single phrase,
a single sentence, a single word which ratified
a single provision of that ordinance. They say
our law authorized the election of Represent-
atives, and if we authorized the election of
Representatives we authorized the election of
the number which they might fix; that is, of
nine; that if we permitted them to redistrict
the State we authorized them to fix the num-
ber of their members in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
But, sir, to authorize the election ofRepre-
sentatives to this House is one thing; it is quite
another thing to authorize Virginia to' fix the
number of her Representatives on this floor.
Under the Constitution the convention might
have had the right to redistrict the State accord-
ing to our apportionment, but under the Con-
stitution that convention had no right to make
the apportionment. It is doubtful whether we
could, if we tried to do so, delegate the power
to fix the number of members of this House.
But if we could we never did. We never tried
to. We never directly or indirectly sanctioned
this scheme. We simply authorized the elec-
tion of Representatives. What Representa-
tives ? How many? As many as the Federal
law fixed, and that was eight and only eight.
But gentleman say that General Canby in his
orders for an election authorized them to elect
a Representative at large. Do the gentlemen
mean to be understood that General Canby, a
military officer, could do what no State Legis-
lature, no State convention, no legislative
power on this continent except the two Houses
of Congress could do ? Do they mean that
General Canby can by a military order de-
termine the representation of a State in this
House ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the resolution reported by the minority of the
committee as a substitute for the resolution of
the majority.
The Clerk read as follows:
„ vJ°s.®Ph,Segariscntitleilto a seat as
tUof ort'v'pf fTo° ktate of Virginiaat largo in
ort>-1 irefc Congress ofthe tlmted States.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
Wlf°BnAm™'1,ere were—ayes 31, noes Sc.
rp,1' UOii hjR demanded the yeas and uays.
I he yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution of the minority was not
agreed to.
