366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Iowa, ifitincreasesthe expenses of the Govern-
ment. I want to know of the gentleman whether
if this new district is made or new place estab-
lished for holding this court there is any room
providing in which to hold the court ? Will not
the General Government be compelled to either
build a new court-house or rent a building in
which this extra court can be held ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Of course if they
desire a court there they will find a place to
hold that court.
Mr. WELKER. Who will pay the expense?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. What expense?
Mr. WELKER. For the court room.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I do not know but
there may be some rent to pay; but gentlemen
will certainly not object to that when it is for
the convenience of the people of Iowa, and is
a local matter of their own.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me one other question ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe there is now a
term of the court held at the capital of the
State.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. What is the distance from
Des Moines, the capital of the State of Iowa,
where a term of the court is now held, to this
point, Council Bluffs, where he desires a new
term to be held?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I think it is about
one hundred and sixty miles.
_ Mr. CULLOM. It seems to me it is ques-
tionable whether this bill should pass.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I would ask the gen-
tleman how many terms of the district court
there are in Illinois?
Mr. CCJLLOM. We have two judicial cir-
cuits. And against my judgment, I confess,
there was just such aproposition as this passed
through Congress a term or two ago, which
required the holding of a term of the court at
the city of Cairo. I have no doubt myself that
in less than two years it will result in the estab-
lishment of a new district.
While upon the floor I desire to say that the
establishment of a term of this court at Coun-
cil Bluffs is simply the establishment of a new
district for the State of Iowa, because it will
inevitably result in that unless this new term
of the court is hereafter abolished, which will
not be done if it be once established. I do not
Imow but it is right it should be done; but I
desire to call the attention of the House to it
as setting the precedent of establishing new
places for courts to be hold in different States,
which will result in the erection of new court-
houses and the fastening of a large additional
expense upon the people of this country.
Air. LOUGHRIDGE. There is no reason
at all why the gentleman should suppose anv-
thing of the kind. We have now in our State
two places for holding the court. We are not
asking for the establishment of a new district,
but for a third place to hold the court for the
benefit and convenience of the people of the
State arid the attorneys of the court. 'I do not
see any necessity for making a now district.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Will the gentle-
man yield to me a moment?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. LorromiiDOE]
it it is not true that at Council Bluffs there is
now a large and spacious county court-house,
and whether it. is at all likely that the establish-
ment of a term of this court there will result
in any additional expense for the place of hold-
ing the court? And, in the same connection,
I desire to ask whether his experience on the
bench in the State of Iowa does not enable him
i o s!>y that all or nearly all of the business
coming up in theCnited States court for the
western district of Iowa comes from the counties
along the Missouri^ river, and whether the
people of the counties bordering on the Mis-
souri river, immediately in the neighborhood
of Council Bluffs, are not, in traveling to the
capital of the State for the purpose of conduct-
ing their legal controversies, subjected to an
expense a hundredfold more than the addi-
tional expense to the Government will be if
a court be held at Council Bluffs? "*
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I think that is so.
I yield to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. As a member of the com-
mittee reporting this bill, I desire to say a word
in its behalf. The committee unanimously
thought that a very strong case was presented
in favor of this measure. Every gentleman of
the delegation from the State of Iowa is in
favor of the bill. With reference to some sim-
ilar propositions before the committee the del-
egation of the State interested is divided. The
bill now before us proposes that in a particu-
lar district a court may be held at two separate
places instead of at one place, as the law now
requires. If I recollect correctly the circum-
stances of the case, suitors have been obliged
to travel from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred miles to reach court.
The objection raised to this measure in dif-
ferent parts of the House is that it is going to
cost the Government something? Now, sir, if
such be the fact, I want to know whether the
Government is not able to pay expenses of this
kind. Why should we not incursome expense
in providing for the necessities of growing
States ? Iowa has an immense and an increas-
ing population; and the citizen of Iowa who
has a suit with a citizen of Missouri is put to
an enormous expense by being obliged to travel
in some instances a distance of two hundred
miles in order to attend to the prosecution of
that suit. I would be willing, even if this meas-
ure did involve an additional expense, that the
Government should incur that expense; but 1
do not believe this objection to be well founded.
There is a comfortable and commodious county
court-house at the place at which it is proposed
the United States court shall be held.
Mr. WELKER. For which court-house the
Government will be charged rent.
Mr. PETERS. For which the Government
will be charged a pittance of rent; and I wish
to say that for one I shall never vote against a
bill designed to subserve the interests of the
people of a State or a portion of a State be-
cause the United States may be obliged to pay
one hundred or three hundred or five hundred
or ten hundred dollars in order to extend the
necessary accommodations to the people. I
do not stand on that side of the question of
economy; and I hope this bill is not to be over-
slaughed by the efforts of those gentlemen who
are constantly preaching economy in a case
like this.
Mr. WELKER. I want to suggest to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] that I
have no particular opposition to this proposi-
tion with referenee to the State of Iowa; but
I regard it as the entering-wedge for the cre-
ation of additional courts in all the other
States. We have had a similar fight in Ohio.
In that State we have but two districts; and
we have had applications from various parts of
the State representing that no court is held
there, and that additional accommodations in
this respect are necessary. If the proposition
now before us be adopted we shall not be able,
perhaps, to refuse similar favors to other local-
ities.
Mr. DAWES. Just for the satisfaction of a
curiosity on the point, I would like to inquire
of my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] on
which "side of the question of economy" he
does stand ? [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. Well, sir, I am in favor of
saving the dollar, but I am not so dreadfully
particular about a few pence. [Laughter 1
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call the°previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
giossed and road a third time. Being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the thi rd time,
and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY-YARD AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
480) for the transfer of the Philadelphia navy-
yard to League Island, with a recommendation
that it be passed.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to transfer the working
navy-yard of the Philadelphia station to League
Island as rapidly as is consistent with the public
interests of the service, and to sell in such
manner and on such terms as may be approved
by the President such portions of the present
yard as shall from time to time be vacated, the
proceeds of such sales to be applied to the
preparation of the navy-yard.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would omit to call for the pre-
vious question on a bill which will involve an
expense of millions of dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There are only two min-
utes of the morning hour left, and I must now
demand the previous question. I shall have
an hour after the main question has been
ordered to be put.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to my friend not to
undertake to put this bill through under the
pressure of the previous question, and I sub-
mit that to do so without conveying to this
House the information on which it is founded
is not treating the Treasury of the United
States as becomes the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am undertaking to do
no such thing; only two minutes of the morn-
ing hour are left, and in order to save the bill
from going over I am compelled to demand the
previous question. I propose after that to
allow time for the discussion of the proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
long does the gentleman propose to have it
discusscd?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will hold the floor and will have the
discussion under his hands after the main ques-
tion has been ordered. I do not know that I
have any opposition to make to this measure,
but I wish to have it fully considered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is mistaken, for the bill is very
harmless in regard to the question of expense.
It does not provide for incurring the expense
of a single dollar.
Mr. DAWES. Discussion will reveal that
fact; and if that be so, the bill will go through
without any discussion on my part.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill will go over until to-
morrow.
assignment ou committee-rooms.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit the following resolution:
Jlcmloed For greater convenience in the dispatch
ot public business, the room now occupied by the
Committee ot ,y ays and IVIeans be set apart i'oi the
use of the Committee on Appropriations; that the
room now occupied by the Post Oflice of the House
tWS♦ l'^ ni C°?1tISltt?Te of Wuys Ilnd Means;
t.iat the Post Office of the House be transferred to
p VnS"1 now, ?3ceTCed by the Committee on the
1 ost Omee and Post Roads; and that the room now
occupied by the Committeo on Appropiiutiond foo
assigned to the Committeo on the Post Office and
Post lioads.
Mr. Speaker, I desire in a few words to ex-
plain the necessity for this change in the assign-
ment of rooms to committees, including among
them the committee of which I am the chair-
man. Ihe Committee of Ways and Means, as
gentlemen here well know, has before it even at
the present session, and at all times must have
