4512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
The case is set for hearing and tridl on' Moti*
day next. His counsel has. certified through
a United States Senator, Hon. Mr. JofixstfoNi
that this Patrick Woods 'is ati_ essential, fit-
ness for the .defense. Woods,is held iil cus-
tody by order Of this ftotrsg.' 'the resolution
I have ofifered on its face di'reeft' him to life'
retained in the custody of the HdtiSe.
In answer to liiy friend frota New York,
[Mr. Kelsey,] I desire to say that in the case
of Anderson vs. Dunn, 6 Wheaton, it has been
decided by the Supreme .Court pf the United
States  ' .
The SPEAKER. The CK&ir desires at this
point to ask the1 gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] if this resolution is reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a privileged
resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. I will not object. .
The SPEAKER. Resolutions from die floor
in regard to Patrick Woods are not privileged ;
but the Committee oti the Judiciary are author-
ized to report at any time in regard to hirni
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that the
question raised by my friend from New York
[Mr. Kelsey] was settled by the Supreme
Court of the United States forty years ago,
that no State court can question the authority
of this House in a matter like this.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cuba.
Mr. WILKINSON. I desire to Slate that I
was detained by sickness from being present
at the vote this morning on the Cuban ques-
tion. I ask unanimous consent to have my
vote recorded.
The SPEAKER. The rules prevent that
being done, even by unanimous consent. The
gentleman can have an announcement made in
the Globe of how he would have voted,
Mr. WILKINSON. If I had been present,
I would have voted for the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] as an
amendment to the report of .the minority, and
thenl should have voted against the proposition
oi the minority as amended, and in favor of the
majority proposition.
ui'aii central railroad company.
Mr. WHEELER. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad to report
back, with a recommendation that the same do
pass, House bill No. 871, granting to the Utah
Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the right of way through the
public lands shall be granted to the Utah Cen-
tral Railroad Company, a corporation created
under the laws of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Utah, itssuceessorsand assigns,
for the construction of a railroad and telegraph
from a point at or near Ogden City, in the
Territory of Utah, to Salt Lake City, in said
Territory; and that the right, power, aud au-
thority shall bo given to said corporation to
take from the public lands adjacent to the line
of said road, material of earth, stone, timber,
&C., for the construction thereof; that said way
is granted to said railroad to the extent of two
hundred feet in width on each side of said rail-
road where it may pass through the public
domain, including all necessary ground for sta-
tion buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and
water stations; provided that within three
months from the passage of this act the said
Utah Central Railroad Company shall file with
the Secretary of the Interior a map, to be ap-
proved by him, exhibiting the lihe of the fail-
road of said company as the same has been
located And constructed; provided farther
that ..said company shall not charge the Gov-
ernment higher'rates than they do individuals
for like transportation and telegraphic service,
and that it shall be the duty of the Utah Cen-
tral Railroad Company to permit any other
railroad which has been or shall be authorized
to be built by the United States or by the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Utah to form run-
ning connections with its road on fair and
equitable terms.
The second section provides that the United
States make the grants herein, and that the
said Utah Central Railroad Company accepts
the same, upon the express condition that the
said company shall not exercise the power
given by section ten of chapter sixteen of the
laws of the Teri'itory of Utah, approved Feb-
ruary 19, 1869; and upon the further express
condition that if the said company make any
breach of the conditions hereof, then in such
case, at any time hereafter, the United States
by its Congress may do any and all acts and
things which may be needful and necessary for
the enforcement of such conditions.
The third section provides that said Utah
Central railroad shall be a post route and a
military road, subject to the use of the United
States for postal, military, naval, and all other
Government service, and also subject to such
regulations as Congress may impose, restrict-
ing the charges for such Government trans-
portation.
The fourth section provides that the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions
of this act by the said Utah Central Railroad
Company shall be signified in writing, under
the corporate seal of said company, duly exe-
cuted pursuant to the direction ot us board of
directors first had and obtained, which accept-
ance shall be made within three months after
the passage of this act, and shall be served on
the President of the United States; and if
such acceptance and service shall not be so
made this grant, shall be void.
The fifth section provides that Congress may
at any time, having due regard for the rights
of said Utah Central Railroad Company, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, this bill
grants to the Utah Central Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation created under the laws of
the Territory of Utah, a simple right of way
through the public domain for a railroad already
constructed, thirty-six miles-in length, extend-
ing from Ogden City, the point of junction of
the Unionand California Central Pacific roads,
to Great Salt Lake City.
A personal observation of this road enables
me to say that of those thirty-six miles, twenty-
five run through a desert region which even
Mormon industry can never reclaim for cultiva-
tion. This grant, as to area of station grounds,
road-bed, &c., is the same in all respects as
those heretofore made to the several Pacific
roads. The bill carefully guards the military,
naval, and postal interests of the Government,
and reserves, as usual, the right of Congress
to alter, lepeal, or modify the grant.
It has but one unusual feature, rendered ne-
cessary, in the judgment of the committee, by
an unusual provision in the territorial law
under which this company is incorporated ; a
provision authorizing a general meeting of
the stockholders to be convened at any time
upon demand of any of their number owning
one third of the stock, at which meeting, when
two thirds of the stock is represented in per-
son or by proxy, any president, vice president,
or director may be removed and others elected
in their places. This power, elsewhere exer-
cised only by stockholders at annual meetings,
or by the courts for cause, thecornmitteolhmk
ought not to be approved by Congress; and
thisgrantis therefore made upon condition that
this power shall never be exercised, and if
attempted the grant is to be void.
The passage of this bill is warranted
the adopted policy of the Govern merit for the;*
development of .the -resources of its Teriittf--
ries, by the! fact that it strengthens the inili-:
tary arm of the Gp^erathent itt' & perchance*,
needed quarter', and by the fact that this rciacf
has so large a. pecuniary interest. A -still fur-
ther most important consideration is, that this;;
road will prove an additional and most potent
agency in the destruction of that isolation in'
which alone the now crooning disgrace of
American civilization could rear its degrading,
abhorrent, lustful head, but which must inev-
itably go down in contact with -the light and
the civilisation which the locomotive every-
where draws ill its train.
The iron horse has already borne a new rev-
elation to the valleys of Utah, in the light of
which the revelations to Joseph Smith aud
Brigham Young are rapidly losing theirpovver';
and under the influence of a free press, one of'
the first fruits of this new revolution, a process
of disintegration has already commenced whicli
the master mind which has so long held the
deluded masses in its iron grasp will find itself
powerless to resist. The gospel of Mormon
must give way to the gospel of steam, which
will assert and make supreme the civilization
of the century in the distant rocky fastnesses
wKro this damnable heresy has intrenched
itself and in its fancied security become inso-
lent and defiant. Ere Jong this plague-spot
upon our body-politic will be removed, and be
consigned to the grave where, beyond the
power of resurrection, rests its twin relic of
barbarism. I demand the previous question
upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. WELKER. I wish the gentleman would
explain the purport of •' section ten of chapter
sixteen of the ia\vs of the Territory of Utah,"
which this bill proposes to modify.
Mr. WHEELER. I will answer that it is a
very unusual proceeding. It provides that on
the demand of one third of the stockholders
a meeting of stockholders shall be convened,
at which meeting two thirds of the stock rep-
resented in person or by proxy may tutn out
flic president or any director or other officer
of the road; a power never exercised elsewhere
than at the annual election of directors. It,
was a power the committee was unwilling to
recognize. I demand the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; aud being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WHEELER demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. W HEELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wksteun pacific railsoaii.
Mr. WHEELER, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 2214) relating to the Western Pacific rail-
road ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KNOTT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether he proposes
to permit amendments to be offered to this
bill?
^ Air. WHEELER. Most certainly I do. '*
There will bo no attempt to do this thing in a
I corner.
Mr. KNOT f. I am glad to hear the gentle-
man say so, as I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I also have an atnend-
| ment which I trust I may be permitted to offer.
Mr. WHEELER. I propose at fifteen
