368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
I trust the gentleman -will allow my amend-
ment to be offered. Itinterferes with no other
committee of-the House, and the room below
is certainly large enough for a private office
for a single person. I was instructed this
morning by the Committee on Banking and
Currency to use every means in the power of
the committee to obtain from tlie House more
facilities in the way of room for our committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very hard for me to
refuse—I do not know that I ought to refuse—
an appeal of that kind coming from another
committee of this House. But then itmust
be remembered that probably no objection is
made, or can be substantially made, to the
proposition which we submit. Here is a new
question that so far as I am informed has not
been considered upon both sides of it. So
far as the changes which we propose are con-
cerned, all the committees interested have
been consulted. And, as I said before, I do
not know that there is any member of either
of the committees not satisfied with this turn-
ing around in such a manner as to accom-
modate every one: nor anybody that makes
objection to it, unless it be the postmaster of
the House himself. He very naturally prefers
ihe greater accommodations in the room higher
up, although for certain reasons I have men-
tioned the House of Representatives would
be more accommodated by having the post
office in the room below. It should be remem-
bered at the same time that members of the
House do not now ordinarily go themselves to
the post office for their mails ; or if they do it
is upon their way home or when coming to
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that there is no other opposition to my
amendment than the Clerk of the House
makes, and therefore the two propositions are
on the same footing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly; and I do not
know that the Clerkmakes any opposition to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark right here ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to be the com-
mon law of this House that every member
shall be at liberty to Interrupt every other
member in the middle of a sentence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is in relation to the
Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I yield.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A resolution of the kind
now proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] was offered in the last Con-
gress and passed without much consideration ;
and afterward, upon full consideration, it was
rescinded.
Mr. SCHENCK. Like my resolution ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No ; like the one offered
by the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Gak-
fjeld,] to take a room from the Clerk. After
full consideration the House rescinded that
resolution and gave the room back to the
Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK. That illustrates just what
I was about to say.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is mistaken.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not know what the
fact is. At any rate, if it were the fact it would
illustrate what I was about to remark, which
is this: in the resolution I have offered every-
body has been consulted and the case is ready
to come before the House for its decision. I
have frankly told the House the only objection
to my resolution. In the ease presented by my
colleague, [Mr. Garfield,] so far as I know,
the Clerk has not been consulted or heard from
in regard to it. There may be some wrorn*
done to an officer of the House or some ineon"
venience caused if his proposition should be
adopted. Even though it be true that the
arrangement he proposes would be advisable
I prefer that it should come up on its own
merits.
As I said before, I promise gentlemen that
I will support any convenient arrangement that
can bo made by any other changes to accom-
modate the other committees of the House if
they will bring them forward. But I would
rather not have this matured proposition sad-
dled by any amendment. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FERRY. Will the gentleman withdraw
that call for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. E'ERRY. The gentleman from Ohio
has stated that his proposition has been offered
with the common consent of the several com-
mittees concerned. The chairman ofthe Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads is
notpresent; but speaking for myself as a mem-
ber of that committee, I am not aware to what
committee-room it is proposed to transfer the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Not having been consulted, and knowing this
matter has never been before the committee at
any formal meeting of the committee, I would
like to know from the gentleman from Ohio to
what place they are about to be transferred. I
need this information before I can give my con-
sent to his proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution proposes
that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads shall have the room now occupied
by the Committee on Appropriations. I may
have gone too far when I said that all the
members of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads are satisfied with this arrange-
ment, though I have understood from the
chairman ofthe committee that such a change
would be quite acceptable to the committee.
So far as we may judge from the information
obtained from the representatives of the com-
mittee, I think the change is desired as a bet-
ter arrangement, giving them a more conven-
ient and accessible committee-room.
Mr. FERRY. I am not disposed to be cap-
tious in this matter. If the chairman of our
committee has expressed the opinion that the
committee-room proposed to be assigned by
the resolution to our committee is ample for
the performance of our duties I will defer to
his judgment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
Mr. JUDD. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio that the arrangement contem-
plated by his resolution meets the approbation
of all parties interested did not include, I sup-
pose, the Postmaster of the House. I suppose
the gentleman intended to say that the arrange-
ment is mutually agreeable to the committees
interested. So with the proposition offered by
my colleague upon the Committee on Banking
and Currency. So far as I know none of the
committees named in the original resolution
object to the proposition. It is merely a ques-
tion between the Committee on Banking and
Currency and an officer of the House. Now
we ask the House to consider the circumstances
under which the Committee on Banking and
Currency are compelled to do business. The
position which that committee ought to occupy
will be acknowledged by every member on this
floor. My colleague on the committee has well
described the situation of our room; it is, as I
know from personal experience durmg the last
three years, utterly unfit for the proper dis-
charge of the duties devolving upon the com-
mittee.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maikard] tells me, aotto voce, that if we
will offer a resolution assigning to our com-
mittee the corner room he will vote for it.
That is the proposition embraced in the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency. The question
is, then, whether the personal convenience of
the Clerk of this House shall be preferred to
the affording of proper facilities for the dis-
charge of the business of the Committee on
Banking and Currency. I hope, sir, that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want any gentle- j
man to misunderstand me. I have 110 objec- '
tion to the provision of better accommodations
for the Committee on Banking and Currency.
I think they ought to have some better place
in which to transact their business than they
now have, according to all the information I
have on the subject. _ But I would rather not
embarrass my resolution by connecting it with
the other proposition.
The reason which I have assigned in favor
of the proposition I have submitted has not, I
think, been fairly understood or responded to.
This matter has been under discussion for
months. We have inquired everywhere, and
have sought to contrive how we could better
accommodate these several committees, and
we have been particularly solicitous to provide
some place where it will be possible for the
Committee of Ways and Means to transact
properly and efficiently its current business.
We have brought the result before the House,
and ask it to make the necessary order. Every-
body interested, so far as I know, has been con-
sulted more or less in reference to the matter.
We find that the Postmaster stands opposed to
the arrangement. This I have frankly stated
to the House ; but I have stated also his rea-
sons, and have sought to satisfy the House that
those reasons are not well grounded. I have,
for instance, shown that he does not need, as
he thinks he does, the same accommodations
he formerly required; I have shown that the
room below will be convenient for the ingress
and egress of the mails arriving and departing;
I have shown that, under the present practice
of the House, we send pages for our mails, or,
if we go into the post office at all—and we have
no occasion, as we formerly had, to go there
for stationery—we do it as we come to the
House or leave it.
Now, what is the fact in regard to the amend-
ment which my colleague wants permission to
move to the pending resolution ? One side of
the question has been fully presented to the
House, and I admit that it is a very strong
side of the question, and that is the necessity
for some better provision for the accomodation
of the Committee on Banking and Currency.
I do not know but the public convenience may
demand the removal of the Clerk of the House
from the room which he now occupies and
the assignment of that room for the Committee
on Banking and Currency; but so far there has
been no inquiry on the subject, nor has any
opportunity been presented to hear from the
Clerk of the House. We do not know what
objections he may make. We do not know
what inconvenience it may cause to the public
business. Perhaps it may cause none at all;
but it would not be well to adopt any such
proposition until both sides had been heard
from, and until whatever objections to the
removal of the Clerk from his private office
have been submitted and we have inquired
whether they are overbalanced by weightier
reasons in favor of the transfer. That there
has been no opportunity to doyet; and inasmuch
as we have only one side of the question before
us—I admit a strong side—I propose not to
yield to the amendment at this time. I ask the
House to adopt the resolution I have offered,
as it has been fully considered, and gentleman
whose committees are not included can look
around and try to get themselves better accom-
modated than they now are, so far as the con-
veniences of the Capitol will allow. I therefore
insist on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
demand for the previous question will not be
seconded, and that I may have an opportunity
to submit my amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 45.
Mr. MUNGEN demanded the yeas and
nays. '
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
W- SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
