1680
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that some days
ago I entered a motion to reconsider the vote
on what is known as the disabilities bill. I
did that at the request of a Senator on the
floor and of several members of the House of
Representatives. The object was to consider
two or three names which it was supposed
were introduced surreptitiously or without the
knowledge of the House or of the committee.
I now withdraw that motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts, with the leave of the Senate,
withdraws his motion to reconsider; and the
bill stands finally passed, as the time for enter-
ing any such motion lias expired.
MW IRA PRINTING COMPANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the unfinished business of Friday is
the Washington International Exhibition bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to pass that over
and take up Senate bill No. 540.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire of the
Chair what the rule is ; must the bills be taken
up in their order on the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not necessarily.
The Chair has ruled that it is in the discretion
of the chairman of the committee to indicate
the bill he desires to have taken up. He is
the organ of the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to take up only
two District bills which I think will lead to no
debate whatever, and then give the Committee
on Pensions a chance.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wanted to under-
stand the rule, whether we were to take the
Calendar in order. I understand that is not
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not the rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to take up
Senate bill No. 540.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No, 540) to incorporate
the New Era Printing and Publishing Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following five additional names
as corporators, to come iu after the name of
''James M. Edmunds," ia the fifth line:
J. W. he Hamtea, James Marphy, Daniel D. Lord,
John B. Clark, George Washington, jr.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
HOSPITAL TOB f0HNDLIN03.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up Senate
•bill No. 589.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 589) for incorporating a hospital for found-
lings in the city of Washington was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have bow called up all
the bills I propose to proceed with at this
time. It is right and just that these other
committees shoald have a chance. I there-
fore pass over myjright now with this simple
remark, that if there shall be an opportunity
I shall be very glad indeed to call up after-
ward the bill to incorporate the Columbia
Railway Company. I shall be very glad to
do it, because it is a bill that will beget no
opposition in the Senate, and if it can be
passed I am told n large nomber of laborers
can be put at work upon the road at once, and
those laborers now want the labor.
Mr. SUMNER. I would also remind the
chairman of the committee that there are two
bills which I had the honor of reporting from
the committee, one to incorporate the trustees
of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, which ought
to be acted on, and the other a bill to repeal
the charter of the Medical Society of the Dis-
trict, of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should be glad to act on
all of them, bat I pass the day over to the
other committees now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that pension bills
be takeu up in the order they stand on the
Calendar, without any special motion. There
are only six of them.
The PIIESIDIN G OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair. ) That order will be made if there
be no objection. The first pension bill on the
Calendar will be read.
ELIZABETH HARDING.
The bill (S. No. 499) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Harding, mother of Jasper H. Hard-
ing, was read the second time, ana considered
as in Corartiittee of the Whole. It provides for
placing the name of Elizabeth Harding, mother
of Jasper H. Harding, late private in the sev-
enty-sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
upon the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month for the remainder of her
natural life, to commence from the date of the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. LOONET.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 147)
granting a pension to William B. Looney, of
Alabama. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
aabject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of William B. Looney,
of Alabama, late a scout in the service of the
United States, and to pay him at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, to commence on the
1st day of July, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments, namely, in line seven strike
outtheword "fifteen" and insert "eight;" in
line nine strike out "July" and insert "May;"
and at the end of the same line strike out the
word "foar" and insert "five;" so as to read,
"and to pay him at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 1st day of
May, 1865."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAULINA JONES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 161)
granting a pension to Paulina Jones, of Greene
county, Tennessee. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Tennessee,
widow of Alexander Jones, deceased, on the
pension-roll, to commence on the 1st day of
Jane, 1865, at the rate of—dollars per month,
and to continue during her widowhood.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments, namely, in line six strike out
the words " 1st day of June, 1865," and insert
in lieu thereof the words " passage of this act,"
and to fill the blank in the eighth line by insert-
ing the word "eight;" so as to read, "to com-
mence on the passage of this act, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, and to continue
during her widowhood."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as-
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANNA E. FREI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. Ko. 176)
granting a pension to Anna E. Frei. The Sec-
retary of the Interior is by the bill directed to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Anna E. Frei, widow of John
Henry Frei, late a private in company K, fifty-
eighth regiment New York volunteers, and to
pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 5th day of
July, 1865, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RACIIEL U. MILLIKBN.
The bill (S. No. 534) granting a pension to
Rachel H. Milliken was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By it the Commissioner of Pensions is directed
to place the name of Rachel H. Milliken,
mother of James R. Van Meter, late a private
in company F, fourth regiment of Ohio cavalry,
upon the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to date from the 18th of Feb-
ruary, 1864, subject to the limitations of the
pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed forathird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MINOR CHILDREN Of SYLVESTER DREYER.
The bill (S. No. 546) for relief of the minor
children of Sylvester Dreyer was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to transfer the pension
granted to Catherine Dreyer, widow of Sylves-
ter Dreyer, late a private of company H, tenth
regiment of Minnesota volunteers, by an act
approved March 1, 1869, to her minor chil-
dren, subject to the provisions of the pension
laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the last of the
pension bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This finishes
the business of the Committee on Pensions,
and the Committee on Claims is now in order.
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 380) to authorize the refunding and con-
solidation of the national debt, to extend bank-
ing facilities, and to establish specie payments:
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE submitted amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 380) to authorize the refunding and con-
solidation of the national debt, to extend bank-
ing facilities, and to establish specie payments.;
which was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Abill(H.R.No. 1169)making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations, so called, with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb,
late a private in company G, eighth regiment
Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1410) granting a pension
to Sarah K. Dick;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 182) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1411) granting a pension
