1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
to Robert H. Brown,, of Qb^njpaigp cpunty,
Illinois. r ;
The message farther announced that the
House had passed without amendment the
following bills:
A bill (S. No. 266) to authorize officer of
theExecutive Departments to administer oaths
iu certain cases; and
A bill (S. No, 074) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for tlie Little Rock
and Fort Smith Railroad Company to complete
the first section of twenty* miles ot* said road,"
approved April 10, 18GG,
J4NROLLKD DILLS SIGHED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1007) to establish certain
post roads; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 109) in relation
to settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota.
FUNDING DILL.
Mr.
order:
SHERMAN submitted the following
Ordered, Thatpending the consideration of Senate
bill No. 330, callod the funding bill, it shall bo in
order to move a recess for an evening session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask action on this now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. It is the usual
order in such cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. At this stage I desire to say
that as soon as the funding bill is through I
shall call up the bill abolishing the franking
TheViCE PRESIDENT^. Is there objection
to the order submitted by the Senator from
Ohio ? The Chair hears none, and the order
is made.
IIOCSK BILLS. pEFEREBD.
The bill (H. R. No. 1169) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
iilling treaty stipulations, so called, with various
Indian tribes for the year ending Jane 30,1871,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations,
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 182) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for the fiscalyear ending June SO, 1870, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commits
tee on Appropriations.
MILITARY SUPPLIES IN RBB8L STATUS.
Mr. HOWE, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 249.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 249) for the settlement of claims for quar-
termaster and commissary stores furnished to
or taken by the United States within the States
in rebellion during the late war, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The first section provides that all claims for
quartermasters' stores actually furnished to
the United States within the Statesof Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, and Texas, and receipted for by the proper
officers receiving the same, or which may have
been taken therein for the use of the United
States without giving such receipt, may be sub-
mitted to the Quartermaster General, accom-
panied by such proofs as each claimant can pre-
sent of the facts in his case. It is to be the
Quty of the Quartermaster General to cause
such claim to be examined, and upon such ex-
amination to decide what sum, if any, is due
thereon. But no claim is to be allowed except
•or property properly designated as quarter-
masters' stores, of which the United States has
had the use, nor unless due proof shall be pre-
sented of such conduct or of such speech of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 106.
tho party from whom suoh stores were taken or
received as shall establish the fact of his loyalty
during the late rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The second section provides that all claims
for articles of subsistence ordinarily under the
jurisdiction of the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence in the Ariny actually furnished to the
United States within the States enumerated in
the first section, and receipted for by thoproper
officer receiving the same, or which may have
been taken therein for the use of the United
States without giving such receipt, may bo sub'
mitted to the Commissary General of Subsist-
ence of the Army, accompanied by such proofs
as each claimant can present of the facts in his
case. It is to be the duty of the Commissary
General to cause suoh claim to be examined,
and upon such examination to decide what sum,
if any, is due thereon, But no claim is to be
allowed except for property properly desig-
nated as commissary stores, of which ihe Uni-
ted States has had the use, nor unless due
proof shall be presented of such conduct or of
such speech of the party from whom such stores
were taken or received as shall establish the
fact of his loyalty during the lato rebellion
against the Government of the United Spates.
The third section directs the Quartermaster
General and the Commissary General, at the
commencement of each session of Congress, to
submitto the House of Representatives a report
of every claim sobythemallowed, respectively,
together with the evidence filed in support of
the same, together with the whole number and
amount of claims examined and rejected, and
the whole number and amount of claims filed
and not examined ; and no claim so allowed is
to be paid until the money shall be appropri-
ated by Congress.
By the fourth section all such claims for
qnartermaster or for commissary stores which
shall not be filed as before provided within two
years from the date of th  passage of the act
are to be forever barred.
Mr. HOWE. It is suggested to me that there
should be. a verbal amendment in the last line
of the third section, to- insert the word '' spe-
cifically '' before the word'1 appropriated,'' and
to add the words "far that purpose" at the
end of the section.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thoseamend-
ments being verbal, will be considered as agreed
to if there be no objection.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that this is a very
sweeping bill) taking up all the claims arising
daring the war for commissary and qarterrnas-
ters' stores furnished to our armies in the
South. I should like to hear from the chair-
man of the committee some explanation of it.
On the reading of it hastily at the Clerk's desk
I come to the oonclusion that it is a very com-
prehensive bill and will involve a good deal of
expenditure on the part of the Government,
and a very considerable addition, of course, to
our present indebtedness.
These claims when presented seriatim or
singly have been as a rule, I believe, rejected;
and 1 really am of the opinion that this is rather
too sweeping a bill to be passed at this time.
I know that parties can furnish evidepee of
loyalty whether they have been really loyal pr
not* We had a noted example of this in the
Sue Murphey claim. After a long discussion
it turned out that she was disloyal pfter the
most positive proof had been presented that
she was loyal; and I have no doubt many per-
sons who furnished supplies or whose property
was taken for the use of the Army will be able
to show in one way or another that tbey have
been loyal whether they were really loyal or
not. The Government will in that way be
imposed on by many persons who were really
enemies to tlie Government during the war.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I oflfer the following
amendment to the bill: in section one, line
three, after the word "claims" insert "for
rent, use, and occupation of real estate or;"
so as to read " that all claims for rest, use, and
occupation of real estate, or for quartermas-
ters' stores actually furnished to the United
States," &c.
Mr. HOWE. That would change the char-
acter of the bill considerably, and I am not
prepared to say whether that amendment would
be safe or not, for I do not know what means
the Quartermaster General may have of de-
termining the value of the use of real estate
taken. The bill as it stands refers only to
quartermasters' and commissary stores. If I
could suppose that the Quartermaster General
waB as competent to determine the value of
Teal estate us he is to determine the value of
Stores taken and used in his branch of the ser-
vice then I should have no more objection to
this amendment than I have to the bill, and
would be as much in favor of the amendment
as I am in favor of the bill. The question,
therefore, of adopting that amendment I sub-
mit to the Senate as I submit the bill to the
Senate.
But in reference to the bill I wish to remark,
in reply to what has been said by the Senator
from California, that the bill is unquestionably
sweeping, but it is no more sweeping than your
laws are in reference to every other State ex-
cept those mentioned in this bill.
Mr. COLE. These are the rebellious States,
I understand.
Mr. HOWE. These are the rebellious States
with the exception of Tennessee, which by the
act of 1866 was placed under the operation of
precisely this law. This is, therefore, to extend
substantially the same relief to loyal persons in
the other rebel, or lately rebel, States as by
the act of 1866 was extended to Tennessee. It
is more carefully guarded than were the pro-
visions of the law which was extended to Ten-
nessee. This bill requires affirmative proof to
be given of such language or of such conduct
as shall show loyalty, and it require* that after
all no money shall be paid until these claims
have been reported to Congress, and until
Congress shall have specifically acted upon
them and appropriated the money.
Mr. COLE. But the appropriation of money
will be a formal act, as we all know, after these
claims have been adjudicated by the officers in
whose hands we put them for adjudication. I
do not suppose that Congress will revise or
review the action of the Commissary General
or Quartermaster General. I suppose that the
appropriation will be asked for as a matter of
conrse.
Mr. HOWE. It may be asked for as a mat-
ter of course, as all appropriations are now;
but that it will be made as a matter of course
is a matter to be substantiated by something
more that a declaration. My experience is
that Congress does not make appropriations
as a matter of course; at least it does not in
satisfaction of the claims existing against the
Government, whatever it may do In reference
to other matters.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Can it be that Congress would not be
concluded by any fair construction of language
like this 1
And it shall be the duty ef th« Quartermaster
General to eause eueh claim to be examined; and
upon such examination he shall decido what sum,
if any, is due thereon.
Now, after erecting one of our own officers
as the tribunal to pass on the question of claims,
can it be that we shall not be bound to conclude
that adjudication by acknowledging the indebt-
edncss?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, let me ask the
Senator from New York, if that is the meaning
of the word "decision," as used in that sec-
tion, what is the meaning of the third section
which declares—
That the Quartermaster General and tho Com-
missary General shall, at the commencement of cach
session of Congress, submit to the House of Repre-
sentatives a report of every claim so by them al lowed,
respectively, together with the evidence filed in sup-
port of the same, together with the whole number
and amount of claims examined and rejected, and
the whole number and amount of claims filed and
