1870.
THST COMJRISSIOIOLL GLOBE.
3569
indefinite to found an indictment upoh. I
should dislike exceedingly to attempt to frame
an indictment upon the second section of this
bill. I have read it several times. Now, -what
is it? Let us look at it; and I invite the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Wisoonsln,
[Mr. Carpenter,] who approves it becatxse it
is so definite, as I understand him:
That if, by or under the authority of the constitu-
tion or laws of any Stato or the laws of any Territory,
any ivct is or shall bo required, to be dono as a pre-
requisite or qualification for voting, and by sucn con- ,
stitution or laws persons or officers are or shall be i
eharced with the performance of duties in fwnish.* 1
jug to citiaens an opportunity to perform such pre-
requisite, or to becomc qualified to vote—
There are a good many words here used—
it!shall be the duty of every such person and officer
to give to all citizens of tho United States the same
and equal opportunity to perform such prerequisite,
and to become qualified to vote without distinction
of race, oolor, or previous condition of servitude.
That is, it says, to use fewer words, that
every officer charged by the law of a State with
a doty shall perform his duty, and then it pro-
vides :
And if any such person—
And here is the penal clause, which is always
construed strictly—
if any such person or officer shall refuse or know--
ingly omit to give full effect to this section—
be shall be liable to punishment. What does
that mean? Was ever such language as that
used in a criminal statute, pointing out and
defining an offense to be punished by indict-
ment? It seems to me the language ia too
vague. It ought to go back and repeat,. u and
if any such person shall refuse or knowingly
omit to perform such duty," repeating the
words again, or referring distinctly to the duty
to be performed; but the words " omit to give
fall effect to this section," I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, are too vague
to found an indictment upon.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
pardon an interruption for a moment, I will
answer him. Of course there are two ways
of drawing a bill to bit the difficulty that is bow
undergoing consideration. One is to attempt
to provide for it by a specific description of
every possible offense that can be committed.
If you had but a single State to deal with, and
could take the statutes of that State and care-
fully study them, you might.within the reason-
able limit of a section provide for every case ;
bat when you consider that you have got to
deal with the laws of over thirty different States*
differing in their entire machine;;, as to regi Ora-
tion, as to qualification, as to the time, manner,
andplaceof performing thoseseveral acts which
are made prerequisites for vo ting, it will beeonja
apparent that it is impossible, in aaiy section
which would be so abort that a man could read
it in his natural life, to provide for every con-
tingency ia every State. Y©u must, therefore,
to avoid that difficulty, frame a section of such
generality of description as will include all the
cases. Now, the criticism of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is merely to the phrase'
ology of the section, as it seems.
Mr. SHERMAN. That ig all. I merely
make it as a suggestion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Here it seems to ma
the phraseology employed is just as good aa
that which is suggested. For instance, to test
this, suppose a particular instance; here is a
man entitled on paying a tax to have hie name
registered and to vote in a certain State. He
goes and offers to pay the tax, and the officer
will not receive it. When you come to draw
the indictment, of course you mpst draw it
specifying the time, place, and circumstances
constituting the offense; but you cannot em-
body an indictment in your act. You must
have the act punish the offense generally, and
then the indictment must specify the circum-
stances coming within the provisions of the act.
An indictment in that case should charge that
at a certain time and place John Smith refused
to permit John Jones to pay the tax which
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 224.
wonld hare authorized him to vote; and that
would be a proper indictment, arid Would be
clearly within the language of this section.
Mr; SHERMAN. I should likd to See a law-
yer attempt to frame an indictment where the
gist of the offense was that a man failed to
give full effect to a section of a particular stat-
ute. I think it wonld be impossible to do it.
I think it would be open to general and special
demurrer; and therefore I think, instead of
M to give fall effect to this section," the words
'' to perform snch doty required by such law
or regulation'' should be irrsdrtfefi. Then you
have it distinctly. That will.refer back to the
word " duty,'' on line eight, Wherp the duty is
expressly defined. The section as it stands is,
in my judgment, net near so well expressed as
the first and ninth sections of the House bill.
I see the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
has got his copy of that bill before him. If you
take the first and ninth sections of the House
bill and insert in the ninth section, fourth line,
the proper words to include the registry of the
voter, you hare in those sections a provision
against every possible case, in my judgment,
of the refusal to a colored man of the right to
vote where a white man would have it. I have
tried my ingenuity to see if I could devise a
case not included within the first and ninth
sections of the House bill, and I invite the
attention of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howabd,] and also the attentioa of tho Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter. ] In
this respect it is much more complete, much
more logical, much more lawyer-like—if I may
be allowed to Bay so—than the second section
of this Senate bill, which ia the operative sec*
tioa of the bill.
When we come to the next section of the
Senate bill we find—
That whenever. Thy or und«r the authority of the
constitution or laws of fmj State, or the laws of any
Territory, any aet is or shall be,required tp be done
% any citizen as a prerequisite to quality or entitle
htm to vote, the offer of any suoh citizen to perform
the aot required to be done as aforesaid shall, if it
fail to be carried into exe&ution by reason of the
Wrongful act or omission aforesaid of the officer or
person charged With tho duty of retaiving or per-
mitting suoh performance,or offer to perform, oraet-
iag thereon, be deemed andbold as a performance in
law of such act-
That is, an offer to do an aet shall Ije hel4
and considered to be as the act itself—
And tho person so offering, acd.failins as aforesaid
to have otherwisesnail be entitled to vote
in the game manner iwd.tQ, thq same extent as If he
ia fact perforiJaea guch a<!t.
This provision will. In my judgment, repeal
or impair every regietiy law in the United
States of America. Take the ease of New
York cityi where great bodies of illegal votes
are cast. Suppose a thousand men should go
up to the j>olIs and say, " We tried ttt befegis-
tered and conld not be because the officer1
would not allow as to be," or something' of
that klbd. The man is not bound to take ain
bath ; he is not! bodnd to furnish proofhe is
not bound td pi<oye by affidavit that he was
denied the right tb register. Suppose yon take
a thousand criminals in the city of New York,
who are disfranchised 'by the* laws of the State
of New York, and they say they applied to be
registered ana eonkl not be -registered.
Mr, CARPENTER. The Senator is mis-
taken. If he will read the section he will find
that the party must show the fact bv affidavit
to the officer, in order' td have the "benefit of
his offer to register.
Mr. SHERMA:N. No; that is another dis-
tinct clause.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is in the game
section.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it relntesto another
matter.
Mr. STEWART. It relates to the same
matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, si?; that relates to
the punishment that shall be hifHcted on the
officer who refuses to register him.
Mr. STEWART. Read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it. I do  ot
point out these matters to criticise the section,
but simply from my desire to avoid difficulty.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the sec-
tion differently.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me read it and see.
The clause I have already read provides that
when a colored man offers to register, the
refusal to register him—that is, the purpose—
shall be confidered as equivalent to his registry
when be shall apply to vote; and the language is
so framed that it applies to white and colored.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is mistaken
about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I am not.
Mr. STEWART. _ "The wrongful act or
omission aforesaid" is the language. That is,
making n distinction by refusing to register.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not interrupt me, for I had marked that word
"aforesaid" to comment upon it hereafter. I
would like to know, and I here again refer to
the lawyers of the Senate? what does this word
"aforesaid," to which I intended to allude in
another stage, mean? To what does it refer?
Does it refer to section two? If so, it involves
the necessity in framing an indictment undei
this section of reciting the whole of the ele-
ments which constitute a crime in the afore-
said section two. The word "aforesaid" there
onght to' be stricken out in any event.
But I was going on to say that what I have
read merely provides that the Omission to regis-
ter a colored man, the refusal to a colored man
of the right to be registered, shall be held
as equivalent to his registering; and that ap-
plies to white men as well as to others. There
is nothing to prevent a white man whom there
is a refusal to register from the benefit of this
section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We provide for the
white man as well as the colored man.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, the law ooght
to be general. Then under the operation of
the first clause of this third section any body
of men who will go up and say, not testify, not
prove by affidavit, but simply declare that they
have been refused the right to be registered,
will hare the right to vote, and all your regis-
try ldwaare overruled. That is irotthe purpose,
certainly, of any committee.
But it is said that this construction of mine,
which I have given simply in passing, is cured
by the subsequent part of the section which I
will read:
And any judge—
This; remember, is a distinct clause, just as
if it was jn a separate section—
And any judge, inspector, or other officorof oleo-
tion whow) duty it is or shall be to reeeive, count,
certify, register, report, or give effect to tie vote of
anystich citizen, woo shall refuse or knowingly omit
to receive, count, certify, register, report, or give
effect to tho voto of any such citizen, upon the ptn~
mentation by him of his affidavit stating sach offer
ana the time and place thereof, -and the name of the
officer or person whose duty it was to act thereon,
and that be was wrongfully prevented by such person
6r officer from performing such act, shall, for every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of £500 to tho
person aggrieved thereby.
This is a mode of punishing a man who re-
fuses to register a person. Do I not under-
stand incorrectly? It provides that any judge,
inspector, or other officer of election whose
duty It shall be to receive, count, register, cer-
tify, &c., upon a proper affidavit Stating such
offer, and the time and place thereof, and the
name of the officer or person whose daty it
was to act thereon, and that he was wrongfully
prevented by such officer or person from per-
forming such act, shall for every snch offense
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the persoa
aggrieved thereby. Surely that ia a mode of
punishing the officer. It is no guard whatever
upon the right to vote. It does not guard in
the slightest degree the evasion of the law
which 1 show eonld be committed by classes
of men in the large cities. Thus in the attempt
to secure the negro in his right to vote in the
southern States we may break down all tlw?
registry lawsinthe United States. Soit seems
to tat. I merely point out these things.
