5458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
and there a Senate bill taking from the House
bill a majority of its provisions was agreed to,
came back to the House, and resulted in a con-
ference committee, consisting of three mem-
bers from the House and three members from
the Senate. One member from the Senate and
one member from the House were absent-at
the time the conference met, but four mem-
bers of the committee, two from each branch
of Congress, met together and agreed upon a
conference report. That report, after being
signed by the conference committee, and after
being carefully examined, not only by military
men, but by the members of Congress, was
agreed to in this House by an almost unani-"
mous vote. I believe there were but two votes
in the House in opposition to the conference
report out of one hundred and thirty members
present.
In the Senate, however—itnd I do not wish
to complain, but merely to state the facts, so
that the country at least may understand the
question—that conference report, after having
been published in the newspapers, after having
been examined by nearly all the Army officers
of the United States, after having received the
approval of nearly every Army officer in this
country as one of the best bills that had been
be'ijie Congtess for a number of years—after
all this, that conference report, strange to say,
lay upon the desk of the Senate for about six
weeks, until some very sharp practice could be
played. I do not mean by this that the other
branch of Congress played sharp practice ; but
1 mean that the result was sharp practice, and
I shall explain how. The Senate did notdesire
to take the House bill; hence they agreed to a
conference. At the conference we cut off the
objectionable features both of the House and
Senate bills, and agreed to a bill which was
unobjectionable to everybody. Then the sharp
practice came in. Tlie report lay there, as I
have said, for six weeks, not being taken up
till the Army appropriation bill had passed the
House, so that we could not attach to that bill
the provisions of the conference report on the
Army bill; then the Senate voted down the
conference report, and afterward tacked on to
the Army appropriation bill something which
they call an Army bill, and send it in that form
to the House.
Nov/, I want the attention of the House to
show the difference between the Army bill the
Senate have sent here and the one the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have reported. Th^t
which the Committee on Appropriations have
reported is the conference report agreed upon
by the Seriale committee and the House com-
mittee almost verbatim. There are but two
changes made.
The first amendment is that the word "staff"
be stricken out in the section which provides
that the General of the Army and the generals
commanding the departments and the staff
shall report persons, etc. The word " staff"
is stricken out, so as to leave it to the General
of the Army and the generals commanding de-
partments who may report such officers as are
not competent for military service. That is
one amendment.
The next amendment is that chaplains shall
not be mustered out on the supernumerary list
until vacancies are filled by those, who are on
the supernumerary list. Those are two amend-
ments. Then how does it differ from the Sen-
ate bill which they sent to the House? In this:
we provided that the General of the Array and
the other generals could report the officers in
their different commands for retirement. The
Senate has stricken out that, and provides that
only the General of the Army shall do it; that
is, all the power of mustering out of service is
put in the hands of the General of the Army
instead of leaving it, as we left it in the report
of the committee of conference, to bo done by
the General of the Army and the generals com-
manding the different departments.
Again, it differs in this: in the report of the
committee of conference we provided that the
President of the United States might add to
the supernumerary lists by relieving from the
artillery service, the cavalry service, and the
other branches of the service persons who are
not considered competent, and assigning men
temporarily from the supernumerary list, and
if they were considered good officers, that they
should be transferred to the line, so as to change
them from the one list to the other, and so as
to give to supernumerary officers now waiting
orders the same chance, when they come to
muster out, as those now in the line and not
waiting orders. That was what the committee
of conference agreed to.
Again, the Senate bill provided that lieuten-
ants of the rank of first lieutenant should be
assigned to the line where there was a vacancy;
or when there was not a vacancy, that they
should be transferred to companies with the
rank of first lieutenant, so as to give a company
two first lieutenants and one second lieutenancy.
That is the provision of the Senate bill.
Well, all 1 have to say as to that is that it is
very strange. We went through the four years
war with two lieutenants to a company, and those
two lieutenants performed all the duties, and
now, when we have no war, the Senate in their
wisdom in militaiy affairs, add another lieuten-
ant to each company. Now, if that is accord-
ing to the theories of military men I do not
understand it. The Senate provides for the
assignment of lieutenants to companies as first
lieutenants, giving each company two first lieu-
tenants and one second lieutenant. The House
bill provides that when an officer on the tem-
porary or suspended list is willing to take the
rank of second lieutenant in the Army he shall
be assigned to such a vacancy, so as to leave two
second lieutenants and one first lieutenant to a
company, which is the organization of the Army
as it has been for years past. The Senate bill
disagrees again in this: it provides forfurlough-
ing all officers. First, it provides for muster-
ing out, and then, as an inconsistent provision,
it provides for furloughs to all.
Again, the Senate bill strikes out the pro-
vision abolishing brevet rank. The provision
of the conference report did not abolish brevet
rank, but we provided that it might run, but
that the insignia should not exist; a man might
have a commission but he could not wear on
drill a brigadier general's uniform when com
manding a company. Bat he must wear the
uniform of captain or lieutenant, whatever the
actual rank of the officer in command might
be. That was our provision ; and the Senate
have stricken it out, so as to leave this shape-
less concern in reference to regimental organ-
ization.
And another strange thing in the Senate bill.
The first part of last winter we passed a law
providingthat retired officers when retired shall
be retired. If an officer is once retired on
account of advanced age, or wounds, or inca-
pacity, we provided that he should remain a re-
tired officer, and not again be assigned to duty
in the line. Why? Because the retiring of that
officer made room'for another officer; and to
reassign him would be to have two officers of
the same rank for the same duty. We passed
that law, and the General of the Army and the
men who are at the head of this Government
approved it. Yet strange to say the Senate
has put that back again ; that is, they provide
in their bill that that law shall be repealed, so
that retired officers may be assigned to duty,
so that two officers may receive pay for one
duty.
Then I would refer to the strangest feature
of the Senate bill. The House well remembers
the debate here on the Army bill. The House
well remembers that the proposition in refer-
ence to the pay of officers was this: it was
asserted here, and I think I demonstrated it
very clearly—at least I can do so now if it is
desirable—that there was a necessity for the
officers of ti>e Government, and especially Army
officers, to be paid by salary, for the reason, as
I stated, that no roan can teil what the pay of
an officer is except the paymaster and the
man who draws the pay; at least, if he can he
can do more than I can, and I served a great
many years in the Army; and he cannot tell
either, except when, the paymaster has made
out his pay-roll.
The Senate has a very strange feature in their
amendment to this bill. The Senate seems to
#hink that there is a sacredness, somehow or
other, thrown around the person of a man who
gets to be a brigadier general or a major gen-
eral. Now,lam willing they should think so.
But while we are making a pay bill we •ought
to make a pay bill for the whole Army. It js
not so much a question of what the pay shail
be, but how fheofficersshall be paid. Now, the
Senate took the pay bill of the House precisely
as the House passed it, from the rank of colonel
down; and they make the pay of the Army
from colonel down a pay by salary; but from
colonel up they make it a pay by commutation.
But they have two kinds of pay-roll, one by
salary and the other by commutations of quar-
ters, rations, fuel, forage, and everything of
that kfnd.
Now, that is something very strange. Why
is it that a man who is a brigadier general shail
not be paid by a salary as well as the man who
is not a bi igadier general, but only a colonel'?
Make them all equal in that respect. If you
pay a lieutenant, by salary, then pay a general
by salary ; or if you pay a general by coal mu-
tation, then pay a lieutenant by commutation.
It is not, then, a question of amount, but of the
manner of payment as to which we have differed
with the Senate, or at least as to which they
propose to differ with us. They do not say that
theamounttliatwepul in is wrong; they do not
object to that, but they object to the manner
of paying brigadier generals, major generals,
the Lieutenant General, and the General of
the Army, while they agree to our manner of
paying all the balance.
I will say this : what little experience I have
had as a military man, and I do not claim that
has been more than other men, but I prefer
to-day to let the Army stand upon the old pay
system unless you can make the whole Army
payable by salary. Let it be made uniform.
If it be not made uniform then we do not
adopt a system ; \%e adopt half a system, which
amounts to nothing. It would be a great deal
belter for the country if we should give these
officers all the pay they ask, yet pay them
definite salaries, than to continue the system
of paying by commutation. Under the pres-
ent system no one can tell what the pa}* of an
Army officer will be next month or next year.
It depends upon certain allowances for fuel,
forage, &e., the prices for which are fixed by
the quartermasters or by the Secretary of War.
The bill in the shape in which it comes from
the Senate shows conclusively on its face that
it has been gotten up to please everybody.
One man says he likes this, and they put in a
paragraph to suit him Another man says he
likes that, and they put in another paragraph
to suit him. There is an attempt to combine
in one bill several different systems, making
the measure absurd and ridiculous in the view
of every military man who may read it. I do
not like to speak thus with apparent disre-
spect of the gresvt men in the Senate who have
framed this bill; but I speak the fact as it
appears to me. The future historian, writing
the history of this country, when he comes to
the discussion of the Army bill in the Senate,
will say that this discussion is of such a char-
acter as cannot be understood by any ordinary
comprehension. He could not say less than
that, nor could he say more.
I need not take time in discussing this ques-
tion further. I have no disposition to contend
for anything that I have done; I have no dis-
position to contend for the bill which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs reported to this
House. But after we have consented to mod-
ify the bill wc reported, after we have put it
in a shape satisfactory to the committee the
