3570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
•Now, the only comment I have to make cm
the fourth section is that the words which were
criticised by my colleague with a good deal of
plausibility and force only limit thfr meaning
of the act. Therefore his criticism was not
well founded; but it is a very good reason for
striking out the words. Suppose this section
should read, " that if any person shall hinder,
delay, or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay,
or obstruct any citizen from voting," &c.
That it ia all it should be. But there are
inserted these words, which tend to create the
argument that my colleague dwelt upon with
a great deal of force, " that if any person by
force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or other-
wise." What is the use of these words? If
" otherwise" is intended to mean anything it
covers every mode of hindering, delaying, pre-
venting, or obstructing. Therefore why not say
directly'' that if any person shall hinder, delay,
prevent, or obstruct, or attempt to hinder,
delay, prevent, or Obstruct any citizen from
doing any act required to be done to qualify
him to vote," &c. ? I suggest to the Senator
having the bill in charge that these words, which
have a tendency to limit the meaning and oper-
ation of the fourth section, simply give those
who desire to criticise and carp about this law
an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. CARPENTER. The word "unlaw-
fully" ought to be inserted after " otherwise."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not- see any occa-
sion for the words. That would be an im-
provement ; but I think it would be better to
strike out the words, because no person has a
right to hinder, delay, or obstruct, or attempt
to hinder, delay, or obstruct any qualified voter
in the exercise of the elective franchise.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose I attempt to
hinder or prevent you by convincing you that
you ought not to vote?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is sufficientto saythat
no tribunal in the civilized world would con-
sider that a crime unless there was an evil
intent, whether the words were used or not.
Now, in regard to the fifth section. In my
judgment that fifth section ought not to have
a place in the bill. That section transfers all
contested elections, even for a justice of the
peace, to the United States courts. Suppose
there should be a contest in a town for any
office 
Mr. STEWART. In the report of the com-
mittee there is a mistake, by which words are
left out.
Mr. SHERMAN. In this section ? I ask the
Secretary whether there has been any amend-
ment made to the fifth section ?
The Chief Clerk. In theseventh line, after
the word "jurisdiction," as printed, the words
"with the proper State courts" have been
added.
Mr. SHERMAN. That takes away much
of the objection I had to the section ; but it
seems to me there is no occasion for it at all.
I think it would be better a great deal to leave
out this section, especially in view of the pro-
visions of this sixth section, which gives to the
United States courts in all proper cases con-
current jurisdiction. The fifth section would
give rise to great trouble. Take a familiar
ease that is not likely to happen, but yet which
may happen. Suppose two persons are con-
testing for the office of justice of the peace, a
mere local matter, and the election should
turn on the legality or illegality of colored
votes, or the refusal of judges of election to
admit persons to vote on account of color. It
must be remembered that thousands of cases
may turn upon votes admitted or excluded on
the ground of color. Is there any occasion
to allow such a case to be transferred to the
courts of the United States and burden the
courts of the United States with that kind of
controversy ? The State courts are just as
much bound to enforce the Constitution of the
United States, and also the laws passed in pur-
suance thereof, as the United States courts
are. Yon might give a proper proceeding in
the catureof an appeal or writ of error, Of the
like, to the United States courts; but it seems
to me that the original jurisdiction ought to be
confined to the State courts. At any rate, if
the United States courts ought to have juris-
diction, section six amply confers it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to make
this suggestion to the Senator for his consid-
eration, whether this section five removes from
the jurisdiction of boards of canvassers and
other tribunals organized in the States the con'
sideration of Contested elections.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly it would
under the section as it first stood. Whether
under the words there now, referring to the State
courts, these canvassers would be construed to
be State courts, I doubt; and therefore the
result would be to transfer all these contro-
versies to the courts of the United States from
the canvassers. It strikes me, therefore, that
this fift h section should either be greatly amend-
ed or entirely stricken from the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me to saythat in regard to that fifth
section I was of opinion in committee that
we ought not to insert that section. The Con-
stitution provides for protecting persons in the
right to vote, and when we undertake to carry
our law beyond that, and decide contested
elections, we are trenching on dangerous
ground, and hence I thought it would be better,
at any rate in the first instance, not to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so too.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely state that in
regard to my own position.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say again to
the Senate and to the members of the Judiciary
Committee that I do not point out these mat-
ters with any desire to criticise their work. I
know it is a very difficult thing. It is an attempt
to encounter prejudice. That is all there is
about it. The law ought to be made so far
specific that any man who violates it in any
way, or excludes a man from voting on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, ought at once to see the penalties of a
severe law staring him in the face that there
would be no chance of dodging the penalties of.
Then section eleven has one provision in it
which I think ought not to be there ; that is
the authority given to the President. It pro-
vides;.
And be it further enacted. That when ever (he Presi-
dent of the United States shall hare reason to be-
lieve that offenses have been or are likely to be
committed against the provisions of this act, within
any judicial district, it shall be lawful for him. in
his discretion, to direct the judge, marshal, and dis-
trict attorney of such district to attend at such place
within the district and for such time as he may desig-
nate, for the purpose of the more speedy arrest and
trial of persons charged with a violation of this act.
It seems to me rather a strange proceeding
to allow the President to order a judge, say of
the circuit court, whose jurisdiction extends
over several States* to go to a particular place
and a particular locality merely to supervise
and attend to a particular class of business,
and to keep him there as long aa he choose;
because that is the effect of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Only the district judge.
• Mr. SHERMAN. Itsajstodirectthe judge;
and the circuit courts have certain jurisdiction
under this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. The judge of any
district. -
Mr. SHERMAN. It says "within any judi-
cial district." That is, only to a less extent,
subject to the same objection. The marshal
and the district attorney are in the main execu-
tive officers. The marshal is the servant, you
may say, of the President, appointed by him ;
bat a judge ought not in any case to be subject
to the order of the President. The judge
belongs to a distinct and independent depart-
ment of the Government. I would just as
soon allow the President of the United States
to order a Senator, or a member of Congress
where and when he chooses, as to authorize
him to direct ajudge to go to this county or to
that county. The President has no power to
direct it judge anywhere, except within tho
limits of his district at the places fixed by law
to meet out even-handed justice. Therefore,
while I have no objection to allowing this dis-
cretionary power over the marshal and the
subordinate officers of the courts, I think it
ought not to be extended to the judge, who
belongs to a distinct and independent branch
of the Government.
Mr. President, my own opinion is that the
House bill, with some such amendments as
might be devised and put on it, will answer
all the purposes that are now necessary to
enforce the fifteenth amendment. The propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Nevada
goes further than the printed bill I have before
me, and proposes to amend this bill by substi-
tuting for it Senate bill No. 810 and two other
bills. One bill, which the Senator informs me
he has offered as an amendment, is Senate bill
No. 366, " to secure to all persons the equal
protection of the laws." I have not had timo
to examine it carefully. We are called upon
to vote that also as a part of this proposition,
and also another bill providing against holding
office under the fourteenth amendment.
These bills all seem to have had the sanction
of the Judiciary Committee. Probably after
examination I might approve them ; but they
are certainly adding an independent subject,
making it necessary to change the title of
this bill, to change the scope of it, to enlarge
greatly thepurpose for which the House bill was
passed, because these provide for enforcing
the fourteenth amendment as well as the fif-
teenth, and provide also for dragging into the
controversy the Chinese question and ques-
tions of that kind. I am not sure but that
after discussion I would agree with the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, that we must protect
the Chinese against the local laws of Califor-
nia ; but it seems to me we ought to do it with
our eyes open, and understand what we are
doing.
I have been, therefore, in hopes that the
Judiciary Committee would report such mod-
ifications of the House bill as would carry out
more perfectly the intention of the fifteenth
amendment, which is to secure to every man,
without respect to his color, race, or previous
condition, the equal right to vote ; and I would
make the penalties so severe, the remedies so
plain, that if any man in any community in
the United States should violate the personal
rights of any citizen in the United States in
the most sacred of rights, the right to vote, he
should be punished by a sure, swift, and severe
remedy.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am glad
the Senator would make them swift and cer-
tain ; but he certainly cannot accomplish that
without some means of doing it. I wish to say
justaword on the third section. I do not think
the Senator from Ohio understands the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps not.
Mr. STEWART. I believe if he did he would
be for it. The proposition is that if a colored
man is unlawfully prevented, on account of his
race or color, from qualifying himself to vote
the party doing it shall not avail himself of his
own wrong to keep him from the polls; that
notwithstanding that prevention, if he is other-
wise qualified, he shall vote. That is the prop-
osition, and that is all there is of it if it is read
properly:
That whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution or laws of any State or the laws of
any Territory, any act is or shall be required to be
done by any citizen as a prerequisite to qualify or
entitle nim to vote, the offer of any such citizen to
perform the act required to be done as aforesaid
shall, if it fail to be carried into execution by reason
of the wrongful act or omission aforesaid—
What is the " wrongful act or omission afore-
said?" The refusal to register. That is the
wrongful act or omission. If he is prevented—
by tho wrongful act or omission aforesaid of tho
person or officer charged with the duty of receiving
or permitting such performance or offer to perform,
or acting thereon, be deemed and held as a pei f<->fin-
ance in law of such uet.
