370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January II,
in gold or redeemable currency, though they
deposited greenbacks when gold was at more
than 200. Before parting with this subject I
beg leave to inform the committee and Com-
missioner Wells that at the close of 1869 the
aggregate deposits at rest in the savings-banks
of Massachusetts were not as he states $95,000-
000, but $112,000,000, showing that the labor-
ing people of that State, who he says are eating
up their former savings so rapidly, have added
$17,000,000 to their interest bearing invest-
ment in the last year.
The prominent characteristics of Mr. Wells' s
report are audacity and advocacy of the interests
of England and her American colonies. That
it is ingenious and plausible cannot be denied;
but that it is so does not in my judgment fur-
nish proof of the Commissioner's ability or
evidence of his possession of well-grounded
convictions on industrial questions. Indeed,
the fact that many of the suggestions which are
most earnestly pressed contravene those em-
bodied in his former reports, and his avowal
that in offering them "he bas placed himself
in antagonism to many with whom he was
formerly in close agreement," afford ample
ground for doubt on both points.
"Remember, gentlemen," said the expe-
rienced merchant who now so ably fills the office
of collector of the port of New York, when
conferring with the Committee of Ways and
Means, " that the legal ability of England and
the continent is constantly retained by foreign
manufacturers to indicate the means by which
your tariffs may be evaded.'' Mr. Wells visited
our transatlantic rivals in his official capacity,
and while among them doubtless availed him-
self of the ability of their large array of able and
well-paid counsel. Whether he also was retained
is for the present the subject of conjecture. But
that he enforces as '1 opinions and recommend-
ations which have been forced upon him by
conviction'' the wishes of the English manufac-
turers there is abundant evidence in the report,
as I propose to show.
The most audacious of Mr. Wells's assertions,
and one that pervades the whole report, is that
customs duties are always a tax on the con
sumer, increasing the price of the imported
article on which they are levied and enabling
the home producer to realize undue profits by
keeping production steadily below the current
demand for the commodity he produces. Were
Mr. Wells a tyro, and this report his first pub-
lication, charity would deem this a blunder
and ascribe it to ignorance ; but ho is a man of
large experience, and has written much, and
reference to any of the publications which led
to his appointment to the commissionership,
or to his preceding reports, will convict him of
basing this official paper on a principle the fal-
sity of which he has time and again abundantly
established. His bad faith in this is proven,
I think, by a single extract from his report
made December, 1807, in which, speaking of
the higher duties he then advised Congress to
put on steel, he said;
"On steel much higher rates of duty than those
recommended upon iron are submitted. Although
these rates seem much higher, and are protested
against by not a few American consumers of steel, yet
the evidence presented to the Commissioner tends to
establish the fact that if any less are granted th<s de-
velopment of a most important and desirable branch
ot domestic industry will, owing to the present cur-
rency derangement and the high price and scarcity
,^*5 . dlabor.be arrested, if not entirely prostrated,
inis is claimed to be more especially true in regard
to oteel of the higher grades or qualities. It is also
represented to the Commissioner that since the intro-
duction oitho manufacture of these grades of steel
in the United States, orsince 1859, the price of foreign
steel oi similar qualities has been very considerably
reduced through the effect of the American compe-
tition, and that the whole country in this way has
gained, more than sufficient to counterbalance the
tax 1eried as a protection for the American steel man-
ufacture, which has grown up under its influence."
Mr. Wells can dispute none of the facts
asserted in the foregoing extract, which prove
that prior to the close of 1867 highly protect-
ive duties on steel had not been a tax on but
a boon to the consumer; so great a boon, indeed,
that by enlarging the supply and increasing
competition they had so far reduced the price
of steel that, to quote his words again, " the
whole country in this way has gained more
than sufficient to counterbalance the tax levied
as a protection for the American steel manufac-
ture, which has grown up under its influence."
You, Mr. Chairman, and many of our cola-
borers on this floor, are interested in the exten-
sion and improvement of our magnificent rail-
road system, and I propose to illustrate the
treachery of the Commissioner bybriefly refer-
ring to the effect of high productive duties on
Bessemer steel rails. In 1865 there was no
establishment in the United States for the
manufacture of such rails. The lowest price
at which an American company could buy
them in England was $150 per ton cash, gold,
including freight to New York or Philadel-
phia. No English maker would sell them at
less. Agents of the Pennsylvania Central,
and Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore
roads went abroad and canvassed the market,
and having been assured that such rails could
not be produced and sold at a living profit for
a lower price than this, purchased a small
quantity for each company. The duty wasthen,
as now, an ad valorem duty of forty-five per
cent., which at that price was equivalent to
about three cents per pound. Gold was then
above 200, and each ton of rails had cost when
on the wharf in Philadelphia $390, currency.
Our country abounds in the materials from
which to make not only Bessemer rails, but
every quality of steel, and the wages paid to
American workmen are high enough to tempt
skilled workmen from England and Germany.
In view of these facts several enterprising
railroad men determined to establish Bessemer
rail works. This was not to be done in a day.
It required the selection of a judicious site, the
erection of extensive buildings, the construc-
tion of a large amount of machinery, which con-
sumed considerably more than a year. During
all this time the price of English rails remained
at $150 cash, gold, per ton delivered on the
wharf in America. But at length the Freedom
Works, at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, so called
in commemoration of our partial enfranchise-
ment from the grasp of foreign monopolists,
were ready to take orders, and another'estab-
lishment for their production was erecting at
Troy, New York, when lo! the same English
manufacturers, who had been unable to sell at
less than $150 per ton, canvassed our market
to find buyers at $130. What wrought this
j reat change? Had the Commissioner's English
friends been making profits off our railroad
companies greater than he ascribes to our
producers of salt, pig-iron, lumber, and other
things essential to national independence; or
were they willing to sacrifice the profit on a
small part of their annual product in order to
crush an infant rival whose development they
feared? Be this as it may, in less than three
years competition has brought the price of Bes-
semer rails down so rapidly that orders are now
taken in England at eleven pounds sterling, or
about fifty-five dollars, deliverable at Liverpool
or Hull. Meanwhile the mills for their pro-
duction at Troy, New York, and others at
Chester, Pennsylvania, Cleveland, Ohio, and
Detroit, Michigan, have been completed; and
the plans have been adopted for others at Mott
Haven, New York; Pittsburg, Johnstown, and
Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; Baltimore, Cincin-
nati, and St. Louis; but their construction
awaits and is dependent on the action of Con-
gress on the tariff. These facts are known to
Mr. Wells, yet he endeavors to persuade the
|| country that a protective duty is always a tax
on the consumer, and labors to induce Con-
gress to reduce a duty which was at the rate of
three cents to one and a half cent per pound; a
change which he well knows would close all our
Bessemer rail works and restore to his English
friends the monopoly of our market. What
cah have brought him to such a conclusion?
What is to be his reward for such a consumma- i
tion ? |
If gentlemen will turn to page 125 of the
report they will find a schedule presenting a
classification of steel, and proposed rates of
duty on each class. It purports to be Mr. Wells's
own suggestion, and is submitted with all the
emphasis that the abundant resort to italics
can give. I hope gentlemen will examine it, for
I think that with its private history it furnishes
a clew to his change of views on the question
as to whether a protective duty that develops
a great industry is a tax, and his Saul-like con-
version on the steel question. For nearly a quar-
terof a century ourduties on cast-steelhave been
assessed upon the value ofthe commodity, or ad
valorem; and recent investigations by an agent
of the Government has shown that throughout
the whole of the period the steel-makers of
Sheffield, by refusing to sell directly to Ameri-
can purchasers and consigning their goods to
their agents in this country for sale, by which
cunning arrangement they could successfully
practice a system of undervaluation, have been
defrauding the Government of a large portion
of its dues.
The Sheffield steel-makers are men of wealth
and>social position, and this discovery of their
long-continued and systematic fraud upon our
Government has not been a pleasant thing for
them. The charge is distasteful to them. A
combination to cheat and defraud has an ugly
sound. They squirm under it and admit that
steel has been invoiced to the United States at
lower rates than those at which they sell in
England or to the people of the Continent, but
assert that, low as the invoice prices are, they
are the prices at which they sell in this country.
Good, kind-hearted, benevolent people! How
they do love the Yankees ! To be willing to
sell them their wares cheaper than they will to
their own countrymen or to any of the people
of Europe ! Have they any reason for doing so,
or do they pretend to have any? Yes; they are
not_without a show of reason. They say—and
their letters are on file in the Treasury Depart-
ment, and their agents have appeared there
to enforce the statement—that our market is
essential to the maintenance of their works,
and that such is the competition they encoun-
ter from our steel-makers that they are forced
to sell to us at lower rates than they do to the
English or any other people. In a letter to our
consul at that city, dated July 10,18G9,Thomas
Firth & Son, of Sheffield, say:
"We have a very large steel trade in America,
amounting to a large proportion of our whole busi-
ness, and in that market there is from \ arious circum-
stances much competition; and these two causes—
largetradeand competition combined—have induced
us to be satisfied with a smaller average profit there
than we have realised on the average in our other
markets."
Mr. Wells has seen the report of Mr. Far-
well, the Treasury agent referred to, and has
examined, or ought to have examined, all the
papers in this controversy, and might have
cited them as proof of his assertion that the
reduction in the price of steel has more than
compensated the American people for all the
duty paid on that article since the establish-
ment of our first successful steel works in 1859.
But I have been led into a digression.
I had said that the discovery of their sys-
tematic frauds was not a pleasant thing to the
English steel-makers, and was proceeding to
say that foreseeing it would probably lead to
the abandonment of ad valorem and the levy-
ing of specific duties on steel they have over-
whelmed the Secretary of the Treasury and
other official personages with unsolicited, and,
of course, disinterested advice. That we should
not suffer for want of their experience, the draft
of a bill providing a scale of duties on steel was
prepared,as I am informed and verily believe, by
or in consultation with a member of one of the
leading firms of steel-makers of Sheffield, and
sent over to a gentleman specially connected
with legislation on financial subjects. I have
examined the original draft as it came from
Sheffield, and_ have a copy of it before me.
It is a proposition by the vulture to protect
