2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
parts of the district at all, then there is bo limit
to its application, 'Nine tenths of the district
and people may be rejected in the count, and
one tenth only considered in order to determine
who is elected. This doctrine is monstrous,
and it is the first time it has ever been main-
tained by any committee of this House, and it
has yet to receive the sanction of any legis-
lative body or court in this country. The House
should bear in mind that the rule is not to be
applied on any ground of fraud in the conduct
of the election, or of violence at the polls even ;
but merely to exclude returns, votes and all,
in order to find a pretext on which to admit a
man to a seat here who has received a majority
of an actual minority of the votes registered
iu the district, and was beaten by his compet-
itor by an actual majority of 10,820of the votes
legally cast at the election in the district.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the House will
extend the same courtesy to the gentleman
from Indiana they did to me, and I therefore
Inove his time be extended.
Mr. PAINE. I do not object; but I should
like to ask the gentleman from Ohio having
charge of this case when he expects to take
the vote ?
Mr. STEVENSON. It was asked by the
gentleman from. Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] as this
was an important case, an initial case upon
which the principles will be settled controlling
five other cases, although, of course, the facts
are different in each of them, that the fullest
time which can be allowed should be granted
for its consideration. They ask for three hours
on the other side, and I have said I would
ask that time of the House in view of the im-
portance of the case. If that time be allowed
we will probably reach a vote to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. PAINE. How much time?
Mr. STEVENSON. Three hours are asked
on the other side. This is an initial case, set-
tling the principle involved in the other cases,
although the facts involved are different. By
allowing full time here the arguments neces-
sarily in the other cases will be short.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to say one thing to the
House. It may be true that other cases simi-
lar in principle to this might occupy longer
time unless we grant an extension here; but
with the twenty-four or twenty-five contested-
election eiises still remaining it will be impos-
sible to give a day for the consideration of
each one of those eases.
Mr. CESSNA. I trust we will have a night
session for the purpose of finishing up this
case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing to submit
it to a night session, though I think it laborious,
and I fear the House would not come. It is
hardly just in a business of this sort we should
proceed without the ear of the House.
Mr. KERB. I hope the gentleman will not
have a night session.
Mr. STEVENSON. We will try to have a
vote of the House to-morrow morning.
Mr. KERR. I do not think it is possible
we can get through with this ease to-day, and
I hope 1 will be permitted to go on with some
freedom.
. Mr. CESSNA. How long does the gentle-
man want?
Mr. KERR. Half s,n hour; but I may not
get through then. I ask that I may be allowed
forty minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
extension of time to the gentleman from Indi-
ana-for forty minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, recurring to the
principle of law which has always been followed
by tho House in cases of this kind, which re-
quires that no man shall be seated here who
comes with less than a majority of the legally-
cast votes' at an election, which requires that
this House shall admit to membership no man
who is not indorsed by a majority of votes,
either as expressed by what wo ordinarily call,
a plurality, where there are more than two
candidates, or an absolute majority of all the
votes cast where there are but two candidates,
I ask upon what ground of decency the House
can justify such conduct as my colleague de-
mands under his rule? If you mean to estab-
lish the miaority rule in this country, do it
boldly and let the people understand what yon
mean. Do not resort to so shabby a disguise
as this pretended rule.
In this case, Mr. Hunt was elected by the
people by a majority of 10,826. He has aclear
majority also of all the votes cast, after giving
to Mr. Sheldon the benefit of every vote that
was not cast, but was registered in tho alleged
disorderly parts of the district. The result
may be stated thus :
Total numbor (in evidence) of registered elector? in
tho parish of Jefferson and tho five wards of Now
Orleans wherein alono intimidation is alleged to
havo prevailed  26,313
Deduct total number (in ovidonoe) of votes
cast in said parish and wards, namely, IXunt
14,758, Sheldon 776, scattering 31  15,565
And we havo, as tho numbor of rotristerod
electors not voting by reason of death, siok-
noss, absence, business, advice, indifference,
and intimidation, and all of whom, if voting,
let it be assumed, would havo voted for Mr.
Sheldon 10,748
The following summing up will then show
the result in the district:
Hunt. Sheldon,
In tho live parishes of St. Charles,
St. John Baptist, Bt. James, La
Fourche,and Torre Bonno,in which
it i.s conceded there was a fair elec-
tion, tho votes were  4,582 7,717
In the parish of Jefferson and the favo
wards of New Orloans, where it is
alleged intimidation prevailed  14,753 776
Numbernotvotingin said parish and
wards, as before shown, all con-
ceded to Mr. Sheldon  - 10,748
Total  10,340 19,241
I may give the same result in another for-
mula:
Whole numbor of registered voters in tho dis-
trict  
Number who voted for Hunt 19,340
Number who voted for Sheldon  8,493
Number of soattorins votes  290
19,800
-28,123
Number not voting in tho district  11,737
Deduct the numbor not voting in tho parishes
of St. Charles, St. John Baptist, St. James,
La 1'ouroho, and Terrc Bonne  939
And wo have the numbor not voting in Jeffer-
son and Orleans     10,748
Now, concede that all these 10,748 electors not
votinir might havo voted, and all votod for
Mr. Sheldon; then by adding the numbor ho
actually received as above  8,403
Wo have the total number ho could possibly
havo received in the district 19,241
Number of votes received by Mr. Hunt in tho
district 19,340
Majority for Mr. Hunt  99
Conceding to Mr. Sheldon not only all who
might have been intimidated, but all who did
not vote by reason of death, sickness, absence,
business, indifference, advice, &c.
But again Mr. Hunt has shown that in the
parishes of Jefferson and Orleans he received
very much more than one half of the whole
registered voters. These are the figures:
Wholenumberofregisteredvoterain thesetwo par-
ishes     26,313
Onohalfis : 13,156
Number of votes received by Mr. Hunt in the
same parishes    14,758
Excess of Mr. Hunt's vote over one half the
registry  1,602
Mr. Speaker, it is entirely safe, judging from
the history of elections—and no fair-minded
gentleman in this Hall will question the fact—
to assume ia addition to this statement that I
have made, that if there had been the most
absolute peace and order and freedom and
quiet in that entire congressional district dur-
ing all that campaign, that at least seven per
cent, of the respective friends of both political
parties would have stayed away from the polls
and would not have voted at all. It is, a con-
dition of things that never existed in the his-
tory of a single congressional election, that
every friend of the respective parties in the
district voted. There are always many kept
from the polls by sickness; many by death inter-
vening between the registration and the elec-
tion; many by forced absence from the district
on account of business; many by indifference;
many by other accidents and circumstances
which control the conduct of electors. It is
fair to assume that this number would amount
to at least seven per cent, of the entire voting
population. If you please to say that it would
not have exceeded five per cent., then it results
that Mr. Hunt, of the entire number of regis-
tered voters would have a majority of over
1,170 votes.
How, then, is it possible for this House, with-
out simply defying law, and determining, with-
out reference to facts, reason or justice, that it
will elect Mr. Sheldon to this seat, and elect
Mr. Hunt to stay at home; how is it possible
for the House except on this principle to say
that Mr. Sheldon was elected ?' Mr. Sheldon
was not elected. The facts show that he was
not elected, and it is vain to attempt to torture
the facts with a view to reaching any other
result.
I have before me a tabular statement show-
ing the whole number of persons registered in
each congressional district, the number footing
up 140,398. Those who would be permitted
to participate in the election, or rather those
who under the rule which my colleague, the
chairman of the sub-committee [Mr. Steven-
son,] undertakes to enforce, would be regarded
as voting at the election, would be 59,422, only
forty per cent, of the entire registration in the
Stale. And again, the votes that were actually
cast at that election in the several districts
aggregated 113,385, while my colleague's rule
would make the'number only 52,721; aud mak-
ing but thirty-six per cent, of the entire regis-
tration of the State. The following is the table:
Gonareesional Regis- Votes actu- Votes
districts. tered. cfp(xte~ cast' eownle^-
First  29,922 4.937 18,487 3,595
Sccond  39,860 13,547 28,065 12,510
Third  28,485 15,294 26,117 14,638
Fourth  25,027 15,244 20,500 13,112
Fifth  23,103 10,400 20.216 8,866
146,398 59,422 113,385 52,721
But, Mr. Speaker, before I go further, I must
not omit to Call attention to the statement of
my colleague as to the extent of the, violence
and disorder which prevailed in the city of
Now Orloans, first calling attention to the au-
thorities whielj destroy his assumption that on
account of alleged disorder several days before
the election it is,admissible to reject votes cast
at elections legally, freely, and peacefully held.
The rule of law is well settled upon the question
of riot and disturbance of the public peace at
elections, and has governed the decisions in all
analogous cases in courts and legislative bodies,
both in England and this country. It is laid
down in all the leading authorities on the law
of elections under appropriate titles, namely,
Hayward on County Elections; Wordsworth's
Law and Practice,of Elections; Curtis's Law
and Practice of Elections; Rowe on Elections ;
Sheppard on Elections; 4 Selden; Cooley on
Constitutional Limitations; 1 Peckweil, &c.;
and is in substance that to invalidate or make
void _an election on the ground of riot and
intimidation, it must appear that the proceed-
ings at the election were interrupted and the
ascertainment of the result prevented thereby.
This rule furnishes the ground of the decisions
by the Committee of Elections in the several
cases of Harrison vs. Davis, Contested Cases,
volume two, page 341; Preston vs. Harris,
volume two, page 846; Clements, of Tennessee,
volume two, page 366; Bruce vs. Loan, volume
