668
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
Ciia'p. CXXXVII.—An Act to authorize the
"Paving and Sewerage of M street, Washing-
ton, District, of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor of Wash-
ington, the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and William Stickney, Wilson E. Brown, and
S. H. Kaufman, of tlie city of Washington, be,
and they are hereby, appointed commissioners
for the purpose of'paving and sewering M
street north, between New York and Vermont
avenues, who shall serve without compensa-
tion ; and all vacancies occasioned by death,
or resignation, or otherwise, shall be filled by
the supreme court of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That to
enable the said commissioners to carry out the
purpose of this act, they shall have the same
power now conferred upon the corporation of
the city of Washington, to levy a tax upon the
property fronting on said street sufficient to
pay for said paving and sewerage, which shall
be collected in the manner now prescribed by
law, and when so collected, the amount thereof
shall be paid over to the commissioners afore-
said. The said commissioners shall have the
power of directing the manner of putting in
the gas and water pipes on said street, within
the points before mentioned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
corporation of Washington shall pay for pav-
ing and sewerage of the space occasioned by
the cross streets and alloys; and such alleys and
streets as may abut against the said M street
without crossing it shall pay the same rate as
if the same was private property.
Sec. '1. And be it further enacted, That this
act bo in force from and after its passage, and
alilaws conflicting withilsprovisions are hereby
repealed.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act to require the
.Register of Wills for the District of Colum-
bia to give Bond.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the register of wills
for the District of Columbia shall, within thirty
days after the passage of this act, give a bond,
with two or inore sureties, (to be approved of
by the chief justice of the supreme court of
said District for the time being,) to the United
States in the sum of five thousand dollars,
faithfully to discharge the duties of his office
and seasonably to record the decrees and orders
of the orphans' court for said District, and all
wills proved before him or the said court, and
all other matters by existing laws, or any law
hereafter passed, directed to be recorded in
the said court, or in the office of said register,
which bond shall be entered in full upon the
minutes pf the said orphans' court and the
original filed with the records thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
register of wills fbr the said District hereinafter
appointed according to law, before he acts as
such, shall give a similar bond as prescribed
iu the first section of this act, with the like
sureties, in the same penalty, on the same con-
ditions, and subject to the same approval as
required by said first section.
Approved, Juno 21, 1870.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act to make legal a
, certain Act of the Councils of the City of
Washington.
Beit enacted In/the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a certain act of the
councils of the city of Washington, approved
the twenty-sixth day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, and entitled "An act for
the relief of the trustees of the Foundry Meth-
odist Episcopal church," be, and is hereby,
declared to be a legal act and not inconsistent
with the powers of the corporate authorities of
the city of Washington; and they are hereby
empowered and directed to pay to said trus-
tees the sum of four hundred dollars and twenty-
seven cents, in accordance with the amount
appropriated by said act.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act fixing the Compensation for
the Bailiffs and Criers of the Courts of the
District of Columbia," approved February
twenty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
Be it enacted bytheSenate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the marshal shall pay to
each bailiff and crier who shall be required to
attend upon the district, circuit, [and] crim-
inal courts of the District of Columbia, three
dollars and fifty cents for each day such bailiff
or crier shall attend upon either of said courts.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act relating to the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the several general
terms and special terms of the circuit courts,
district courts, and criminal courts authorized
by the act approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to re-
organize the courts in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes," which have been
or may be held, shall be, and are declared to
be, severally, terms of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia; and the judgments,
decrees, sentences, orders, proceedings, and
acts of said general terms, special terms, cir-
cuit courts, district courts, and criminal courts
heretofore or hereafter rendered, made, or had,
shall be deemed judgments, decrees, sentences,
orders, proceedings, and acts of said supreme
court: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall affect the right of appeal as pro-
vided by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
supreme court of the District of Columbia shall
hereafter consist of a chief justice and four
associate justices; and for this purpose there
shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, an
additional justice of said court, with the like
powers, to take the same oaths, to perform the
same duties, and to receive the same salary, as
the other associate justices of the court.
Seu. 8. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, at a session of the court in ,general
term held by four of the justices, the court
shall be equally divided in opinion upon the
question involved in any cause argued or sub-
mitted to the court, such division of opinion
shall be noted upon the minutes of the court;
and thereupon, and within four days thereafter,
either party in such cause may file with the
clerk ot the court a motion in writing to have
such cause reargued before the five justices;
and such reargument or rehearing shall be had
as soon thereafter as conveniently may be.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
the powers and jurisdiction by law now held
and exercised by the orphans' court of Wash-
ington county, in the District of Columbia,
shall hereafter be held and exercised by the
justice holding tlie special term of the said
supreme court for that purpose, subject always
to the same provisions as are contained in the
fifth section of the act of Congress, entitled
"An act to reorganize the courts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
approved March ihird, eighteen hundred and
sixty-1 three.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
orphans' court of Washington county, District
of Columbia, be, and the same is hereby, abol-
ished ; aud all laws and parts of laws relating
to said orphans' court, so far as the same are
applicable to said supreme court, are hereby
continued in force in respect to said supreme
court; and all other laws and parts of laws
relating to said orphans' court are hereby
repealed: Provided, however, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to abolish
the office of register of wills for said county.
Approved, June's!, 1870.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act entitled "An Act to authorize the Con-
struction, Extension [Extension, Construc-
tion] and Use of a Lateral Branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
into and within the District of Columbia,"
approved February five, eighteen hundred
and seventy, [sixty-seven.]
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to extend
their lateral branch, authorized by the act to
which this is. a supplement, and by former
supplements to said acts, by the way of Mary-
land avenue, conforming to its grade, to the
viaduct over the Potomac river, at, the city of
Washington, known as the Long Bridge, and
to extend their tracks over said bridge, and
connect with any railroads constructed, or that
may hereafter be constructed, in the State of
Virginia. To effect these purposes the said
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
are hereby authorized and empowered to take
possession of, hold, change, and use the said
bridge, and the draws connected therewith,
in perpetuity free of cost: Provided, Tlfat the
said Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
will maintain in good condition the said bridge
for railway and ordinary travel; and the bridge
shall at all limes be and remain a free bridge
for public use for ordinary travel: And pro-
vided further, That the said Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company shall erect and
maintain the drawbridges, so as not to impede
tho free navigation of the Potomac river, in
efficient working condition at all times ; and
that, until such time as the needful changes
are made to accommodate railroad and other
traffic, as contemplated by this supplement, it
shall be the duty of the said Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company to repair without
delay all damages to the present bridge, and
maintain it without cost to the United States:
Provided, [That] said railroad company shall
give other railroad companies the right to pass
over said bridge upon such reasonable terms
as may be agreed upon, or Congress prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
the said Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company shall at any time neglect to keep said
bridge in good repair, and free for public use
for ordinary travel, the Government of tho
United States may enter into possession of the
said bridge: and Congress reserves the right
to alter or amend this law.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Ciiap. CL.—An Act to establish the Depart-
ment of Justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be, and
is hereby, established an executive department
of the Government of the United States, to be
