4514
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
expense to the Government or any injury to
the island for all necessary governmental uses.
But again, in this instance, the Government
has a double duty and inducement—to foster
commerce and to advance its own pecuniary
interests. With $55,000,000 invested in this
line of road, whatever conduces to the interest
of the road must inure to the benefit of the
Government. Once more, the work of reach-
ing the island by miles of difficult trestle-work,
and by blasting down its surface for station
grounds, will be immense, involving the ex-
penditure of millions of dollars. If the road
does the work the Government ought to furnish
the site, particularly where its own interests,
commercially and pecuniarily, are so directly
and largely involved.
The bill prevents a monopoly of this grant
by allowing all other railroads a participation
in its benefits, by sharing in the expenses of
reaching the island and making it available, a
provision the justice of which will commend
itself to every one.
Believing the bill to be just and politic in all
its provisions, the committee have unanimously
instructed me to ask its passage. I trust that
the House, in that enlightened, liberal spirit
wlneh it has ever exhibited toward this great
enterprise, and with undiminished faith in its
full success, will readily comply with the re-
quest. I now yield ten minutes to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott.]
Mr. KNOTT. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "assigns," in line five, the words
"upon the payment into the Treasury of the
United States by said company of the sum of
$2,000,000 so that the provision will read :
_ That the island of Yerba Buena, or Goat Island,
m the Bay of Sun Francisco. California, is hereby
granted to the Western Pacific Railroad Company,
its successors and aligns, upon the payment into tho
■treasury of the United States by said company of the
sum of ^2,000,000, &e.
Mr. Speaker, in the remarks which I shall
have (he honor to submit on the amendment
just offered I wish to make no allusion to the
fact that the title to the island proposed to be
given away by this bill is in litigation, that it is
claimed by private parties ; nor shall I have
any animadversion to make upon the enormous
subsidies which have already been given to this
company, by which it has been enabled to con-
struct its road, as I am informed, without the
outlay of a solitary dollar by the stockholders.
But I propose now to ascertain whether it is
possible that any of these corporations that
have fastened their fangs like vampires upon
the throat of the body-politic shall have their
hold loosened, or whether they are to be per-
mitted to gorge themselves yet fuller of public
plunder; whether, after the Congress of the
United States has given them untold millions
of dollars, we are now to leave them to sustain
themselves, or whether we are to permit them
to continue to ride this Government, as the Old
Man of theSearode Sinbad the Sailor, until all
its energies are utterly prostrated. What I
shall have to say shall be directly pertinent to
the amendment I have submitted, and I desire
to call the attention of gentlemen to a few
plain facts.
1 am informed by authority which I can
credit that this island, Yerba Buena, is worth
in cash $5,000,000. I am informed by gen-
tlemen in nowise interested at all in this ques-
tion that if the island were put up at sheriff's
sale to-morrow the first bid would be $1,000,-
000. If there is anybody, natural or artificial,
on God Almighty's green earth that is able to
pay for this island, it is certainly this enorm-
ous corporation which has fed fat upon the
blood of the body-politic.
Whether this statement as to the value of the
island is an exaggeration or not I am not per-
sonally prepared to say. That it is of immense
value, however, no gentleman will deny. Now,
the question I submit for the consideration of
the House is this: while tho Government is
justly indebted to our poor constituents all
over the country to the amount of hundreds of
millions of dollars, will you sell this island to
this wealthy corporation for what it is reason-
ably worth and apply the proceeds to the pay-
ment of your just and honest debts, or will you
turn your creditors from your doors, violate
your plighted faith, and disgrace your Govern-
ment for the purpose of giving another subsidy
to this railroad company ? It is a plain ques-
tion of fact and ethics. The choice is submitted
to you now whether you will make to this com-
pany a free gift of property worth at least
$1,000,000, or whether you will sell it to them
for what it is worth and apply the proceeds to
the payment of your honest debts. The choice
is for you to make, and you must make it upon
your responsibility to your constituents and to
your God.
An argument of a week or an hour could not,
it seems to tne, make this proposition plainer
than does the statement I have submitted. If
you want to do justice to those to whom you
are indebted, when you have the means of
realizing the money with which to pay them,
you have now the opportunity.
If you do not want to do this, if you do not
want to fasten it upon the Government so that
it will be impossible to relieve itself from the
burdens of these operations, which must de-
stroy the Government in time, you can take
the choice which is offered to you. I think
the amount I have put in the amendment, of
$2,000,000, is reasonable. Some gentlemen
say the property is worth $5,000,000, and some
say it is worth even as high as $10,000,000, and
they say so from personal knowledge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I hope my colleague from New
York will yield to me for a few minutes.
_Mr. WHEELER. I yield now for fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from California, and
I shall then demand the previous question.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
the attention of the House, and especially of
those gentlemen who wish to know the exact
position of this island of Yerba Buena, to the
chart of the Coast Survey. I have it lying
here before me. It shows the exact position
and extent of this property.
And allow me to say, sir, that there is no
proposition from the Government or this House
to sell this island. The bill expressly provides
that the right of private citizens who have claims
upon the island shall be preserved intact to
them. It also provides that in three years this
corporation shall build this road to the island.
It further provides that one half of the island
shall remain in the possession of the United
States, and the equivalent which the United
States receives for the other half is the con-
struction of a road to the island which will cost
$2,000,000. The bill still further provides that
all railroads desiring a terminus near that city
front and to that deep water shall have the
privilege of going to that front and that deep
water over this road now about to be con-
structed. If gentlemen will look at this Coast
Survey chart they will find in nearly one hun-
dred miles of bay there are few places where
wharves can be built near that city. This is
the most convenient point.
I am told there are men who are willing to
pay five or ten million dollars for that prop-
erty. I have heard the statement that there
was a man who offered to pay the national
debt rather than have it repudiated. This is
a similar offer. It is an after-dinner offer,
made after bank hours. [Laughter.] There
has never been any proposition to the Gov-
ernment to pay anybody for this island, and
the Government of the United States do not
propose to sell it.
The Military Department of the Government
say that  t is needed for the defense of that
great harbor. I he late lamented commander-
in-chief there, General Thomas, and General
Ord, now the commander there, have both
said that one half of that island, with a rail-
road by which they can bring troops and mu-
nitions of war, is worth more to the Govern-
ment than the whole island without any way
to get to it except by boats.
It is of the greatest advantage to the Gov-
ernment to have the company construct a road
to the island. It brings the rail-car up to deep
water in place ofgoing nearly one hundred miles
round that bay to land freight four miles from
where the ships lie. It will be to the greatest
advantage of those interested in commerce there
in saving the expense of drayage and wharfage,
as freights can be landed from sea-going ves-
sels and at once placed on the rail cars. It
is in every way a great public convenience, and
I say, having a large interest in the success of
and the prosperity of that great city, to gentle-
men, when they oppose this they are opposing the
trueinterestofSan Francisco. I had the honor
to debate this once before, and I say that unless
in the interest of other cities and other towns
about that bay, unless in the interest of those
outside of San Francisco, none have ever
opposed it except from selfish and mercenary
motives. The people there consider it a great
public measure—a measure of great public
utility.
Enterprising citizens have taken hold of this
great railroad and built it across the continent
for the beuefit of the whole people. If they
have made money by the investment, if they
have made money by their genius and courage
and enterprise, it does not follow that we are
privileged to stand here and malign them.
Now they seek a terminus for their road to
deep water, where they will not interfere with
the convenience and travel of the citizens of
San Francisco, at a point within two miles of
the city front, a point convenient to all and
interfering with none. They ask permission
to construct, at their own proper cost, n, rail-
road bridge four miles long ; to cut down a
mass of rocks; to build wharves and erect
warehouses, upon a point of rocks now nearly
inaccessible and entirely useless; and it is
neither sound public policy nor wise states-
manship for us to prevent them from accom-
plishing this grand undertaking.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to meto offer anamendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I will hear the gentle-
man's amendment.
Mr, MAYNARD. I offer the following
amendment, in the form of a proviso to be
added to the bill :
Provided, further. That if at any time the wants of
commerce shall require it, upon the direction of the
n •? the United States, the said Western
.racinc Kaiiroad Company shall erect a draw-bridge
over such portion of the channel as the engineer
department of the United States shall direct.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection to that
amendment. I yield now to the gentlemau
from Illinois [Mr. BtJRit] to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. BURR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
.Insert after the word "company," in the twenty-
sixth line, the word;! "for the government and con-
trol ot its own affairs."
Mr. WHEELER. I admit that amendment
to be considered as pending. I now move the
previous question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad is entitled to two
hours to-day and to none to-morrow. T under-
stand further that unless the bill goes over with
the previous question seconded the effect of an
adjournment would be t.o postpone the matter
indefinitely. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on tnat motion I ask for the yeas
ana nays.
^ believe I had the floor,
■v i gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] had the floor,but pend-
ing the demand for the previous question tbe
gentleman from Indiana moved that the House
adjourn.
