ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3571
If the officer charged with the registration,
for instance, refuses to allow a colored man to
register because he ia a colored man his offer
to register shall be equivalent to the perform-
ance, because he has performed so far as he i
can. |
• And the person so offering nnd failing as ofore- I
said, and being otherwise qualified—
Except that ho has not performed the act he
was prevented from performing—
sliall be entitled to voto in the same manner and
to the same extent as if he had in fact performed
such. act.
That is fair. The only objection to him, then,
as a voter is because he cannot register because :
he was a colored man:
And any judge, inspector, «r other officer of elec-
tion whose duly it is or shall be to receive, count,
certify, register, report, or give effect to the vote of
any such citizen, who shall refuse or knowingly omit
to receive, count, certify, rogister, report, or givo
effect to the vote of s*uob citizen, upon the presenta-
tion by liim of his affidavit stating such offer and the
time and plaoe thereof, and the name of the officer
or person whose duty it was to act thereon, and that
he w*s wrongfully prevented by such person or ofii
cer from performing such act, shall for every such
offense forfeit and pay tho sum of $500.
He was a qualified voter but for the refusal
to register him. The only thing his affidavit
goes to is the fact that-he was preveuted from
registering, and upon that point the affidavit
must be taken; the officer cannot refuse. He
may inquire as to other qualifications, but he
must take this affidavit on one point, that he
made an offer to register where he appears to
be a legal voter in every other respect. Now,
what great, harm is there in that ? If anybody |
proposes to swear falsely you may punish him j
by indictment. _
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to ask. my friend i
where is the provision of law that requires the
voter to make an affidavit in order to get in his
vote? It is true he cannot sue for his $500 !
penalty unless he makes an affidavit; but sup- |
pose a thousand persons who have no right to
vote should go to the judges of election and ,
say that they have a right to vote but were not
registered because the registering officer re- '
fused to register them, would not the judges j
be bound to let them vote?
! Mr. HOWARD. Suppose they should make
their several affidavits, and present them to the
judge of election, that they were entitled to
vote but had been refused the right to register;
and suppose they were all of them totally dis-
qualified, and had thus sworn falsely in their
affidavits;. would,.not the judge, of election
under this bill be compelled, and that under
heavy penalties, to accept their votes?
. Mr.,STEWART. Nptatall.
Mr. HOWARD. I think he ia.
Mr. STE WART. Not at all.
-- Mr. HOWARD. He has no . judicial au-
thority., He • simply acting in a ministerial
capacity; he cannot undertake to judge of and
determine any legaLquestion or any question of
fact.. ; .-I k- ;i
Mr. STEWART, The Senator from Mich-
igan has not read it carefully. The: trouble^ is
tp get .naea to read it. He mu§t be -otherwise
.qualified, and then present an affidavit. The
affidavit only goes to one fact. They caa-ex-1
tp other qualifications.,
Mr> HOWARD. ,But how is the jpdge of
plectiortj to whom the affidavit is presented, to
determine whether he is qualified? He knows
nothing about him at all. <> ■
Mr. STEWART. He is only to take the
affidavit on one fact, of his having applied to
be registered. Upon that fact his affidavit is
taken, and upon no other fact.
!:Mr. HOWARD,; . Very well. If that affida-
vit containing, thai specific allegation is pre-
sented to the judge, of election the person pre-
■«^ntii>g it, although totally disqualified, would
.be entitled to .vote, and the judge would have
AO right to inquire- 
Mr. STEWART. The seetion says right the
other way. He is to present his affidavit and
be oilier wise qualified. -
Mr. HOWARD. Who is to judge of his
being " otherwise qualified ?"
Mr. STEWART. The judge can reject him
for any other reason. The fact of his being
otherwise qualified may be inquired into under
this law:
The person so offering and failing, as aforesaid,
and being otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to
vote.
It leaves all the rest of the qualifications to
be inquired into except the matter of regis-
tration ; but on the question of his having
applied to be registered the affidavit must be
taken. And the vote of " such citizen"—refer-
ing back to the citizen otherwise qualified—
who presents his affidavit that he applied for !
registration must be received. That is the j
only proof on that point.
; Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think it
iny duty to call the attention of the Senate to
oue question that seems to me to affect this
Senate bill in nearly every section, and which
does not affect the House bill. My attention
was called to it by the remarks of the Senator
from New Jersey. Our theory is that the ques-
tion of suffrage is under the control of the
States, and was left to the several States by the
Constitution of the United States; and that
i being th^ case, Congress had no power to pass
! a law conferring suffrage on colored men, and
it was necessary to amend the Constitution of
the United States for that purpose. We there-
fore provided in the fifteenth amendment that
" the right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
i United States, or by any StateT on account of
j race, color, or previous condition of servi-
! tude." The proposition to which I call atten-
! tion is this: that the question of suffrage is
i now, as it was before, completely under the
control of the several States to punish viola-
: tione of the right of suffrage, just as they had
the power before, except that .we take away
' their power to deny suffrage on account of race,
j color, or previous condition of servitude, and
! have given to Congress the power to enforce
I this amendment.
I The question now to which I call the- atten-
tion of the Senate is whether it is in the power
of Congress to make, provision for punishing
violations of the tight of suffrage, except those
violations go to the question of.color, race*,or
previous condition of servitude.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it does not make aijy
difference which the color is, black or white.
Mr. MORTON. Not a bit. It does not
make any difference which; but if a man is
denied the right of suffrage because he is a
white man, if aay State shall assume to dfeny
a man: the right of suffrage because he is a
white man, then we have a right to interfere;
or, if becauae he ia a colored man, then we have
a night to interfere. But suppose the denial
of the right of. suffrage by a board of registra-
tion or a board of inspectors has nothing what-
ever$o do with color; suppose it is for an
offense that existed by State law before the
enactment of this fifteenth amendment,, yfhat
power have we got to interfere with that any
more than we had.before?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody, I think, would
claim that .we have. . I should not say so.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
Senate bill is broader than the amendment,
and that the Hoaae bill goes upon the correct
theory in that respect, for it is confined to the
subjects embraced in the fifteenth amendment,
except in-, the eighth and ninth sections, which
apply to presidential and congressional elec-
tions; and there the bill is general in its char-
acter, as it h&s a right to be tinder! the Constitu-
tion of the United Suites.. I .call the attention
of the See ate to the fact that all the provisions
of the-Senatebill are general, without reference
to the fifteenth amendment, except the-first
section, and' that contains no penalty at all,
but .is simply declaratory of the amendment
itself. The first section might be left out so
far as ;that is concerned, because it is simply
declaratory of the amendment itself. The sec-
ond section aflixes certain penalties for cer-
tain things. So does the third; so does tlv.j
fourth, and so on. To show how the theory
is preserved in the House bill, I will read a
part of the first section of that bill:
Whether under color or pretext, of any provision
of any State constitution, or any law ot any Statu,
Territory, or district whatsoever, or of any local,
municipal, or other law, rule, or ordinance, deny or
abridge the right of any citizcn of tiie United States
to vote, on account of raxse, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, at any Federal, State, county,
municipal, or other election.
Then, again, in the second section it pro-
vides—
That all colored citizens of the United States
resident in the several States of tho United States,
shall be entitled to vote, &c.
So it is again in the third section, until it
comes to the eighth and ninth sections, where
it refers especially to presidential and con-
gressional elections, and there it is general in
its terms and applies to all citizens. That is
all I have to say about that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, proceeded
to address the Senate in a speech, which will
he published after it shall have been concluded.
Having spoken three quarters of an hour 
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of
the Senator from Maryland, I desire to suggest
that if he wishes to finish his speech this even-
ing, the time for taking the recess be extended
half an hour.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I did not
know that there was any recess ordered for
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate yes-
terday resolved that to-day at five o'clock they
would take arecess until seven and a half o'clock
this evening.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Mary-
land desires to finish this evening, I was going
to suggest that the time for the recess be
extended for fifteen minutes, to accommodate
him.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope no man will ask
the Senator from Maryland to speak longer
this evening, and to speak within a limit of
fifteen minutes.
Mr. STEWART. Not unless he desires it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land tells me that as he is now beginning with a
hew topic he would prefer td go on to-morrow.
He cannot finish bis* speech ftow. I"tfiove?
therefore, that the . Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business at this time.
Mr. STEWART. Then let us take a recess
now instead of waiting until five o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. I withdraw
my motion for an executive session, and sub-
mit the inotion which the Senator from Nevada
indicates. : . >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate now take a recess
until half past seven o'clock. The Chair hears
no objection to entertaining that motion. The
question is on the motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'cleck p. m.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED,
The bill (H. R. No. 2052) to amend the
homestead act was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXECUTION Of LAtVS IN UTAH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, by
ij its order, now proceeds to the consideration
!i of the bill (H< R. No. 1089) in aid of the exe-
I cution of the laws, in the Territory of Utah,
:; and for other purposes. The bill is before the
i! Senate as ia Committee of the Whole, and will
ij be read.
,ji The bill was read.
i I The first section authorizes the United States
ii marshal of Utah Territory to appoiut.a deputy
