1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Laws of the United States.
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
called the Department of Justice, of which the
Attorney General shall bethehead. His duties,
salary, and tenure of office shall remain as
now fixed by law, except so far as they may
be modified by this act.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That there
shall be in said Department an officer learned
in the law, to assist the Attorney General in
l!ie performance of his duties, to be called the
Solicitor General, and who, incase of avacancy
in the office of Attorney General, or in his
absence or disability, shall have power to exer-
cise all the duties of that office. There shall
also bo continued in said Department the two
other officers, learned in the law, called the
assistants of the Attorney General, whose duty
it shall be to assist the Attorney General and
Solicitor General in the performance of their
duties, as now required by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the time when this act takes effect,
the Solicitor of the Treasury and his assistants,
the Solicitor of Internal Revenue, the Solicitor
and Naval Judge Advocate General, who shall
hereafter be known as the Naval Solicitor, and
the clerks, messengers, and laborers employed
in the office of the Attorney General, and in
the offices of the Solicitor of the Treasury,
Naval Solicitor, and Solicitor of Internal Rev-
enue, and the law officer in the Department
of State, now designated as the Examiner of
Claims in said Department, shall be trans-
ferred from the Departments with which they
are now associated to the Department of Jus-
tice ; and said officers shall exercise their
functions under the supervision and control
of the head of the Department of Justice.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That ques-
tions of law submitted to the Attorney Gen-
eral for his opinion, except questions involv-
ing a construction of the Constitution of the
United States, maybe by liim referred to such
of his subordinates as he may deem appropri-
ate, and he may require the written opinion
thereon of the officer to whom the same may
be referred ; and if the opinion given by such
officer shall be approved by the Attorney Gen-
eral, such approval so indorsed thereon shall
give the opinion the same force and effect as
belong to the opinions of the Attorney General.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
whenever the Attorney General deems it ne-
cessary, lie may require the Solicitor General
to argue any case in which the Government is
interested before the Court of Claims ; and as
to cases coming by appeal from the Court of
Claims to the Supreme Court of the United
States, it shall be the duty of the Attorney
General and Solicitor General to conduct and
argue them before that court as in other cases
in which the United States is interested. And
the Attorney General may, whenever he deems
it for the interest of the United States, conduct
and argue any case in which the Government
is interested, in any court of the United States,
or may require the Solicitor General, or any
officer of his Department to do so. And the
Solicitor General, or any officer of the Depart-
ment of Justice, may be sent bv the Attorney
General to any State or district in the United
States to attend to the interests of the United
States in any suit pending in any of the courts
of the United States, or in the courts of any
State, or to attend to any other interest of the
United States; for which service they shall
receive, in addition to their salaries, their
actual and necessary expenses, while so absent
from the seat of Government, the account
thereof to be verified bv affidavit.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a question of law arises in the administra-
tion, either of the War or Navy Department,
the cognizance of which is not given by statute
to some other officer from whom the head of
either of these Departments may require ad-
vice, the same shall be sent to the Attorney
General, to be by him referred to the proper
officer in his Department provided for in this
act, or otherwise disposed of as he may deem
proper; and each head of any Department of
the Government may require the opinion of
the Attorney General on all questions of law
arising in the administration of their respect-
ive Departments.
Sec. 1. And be it farther enacted, That the
duties enjoined upon the Auditor of the Post
Office Department by the fourteenth section
of the act entitled "An acttochangc the organ-
ization of the Post Office Department, and to
provide more effectually for the settlement of
the accounts thereof," passed July two, eight-
een hundred and thirty-six, shall hereafter be
performed by some officer of the Department
of Justice, to be specially designated, under
the direction of the Attorney General, who
shall also have the care of prosecutions for
mail depredations and penal offenses against
the postal laws.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Attorney General is hereby empowered to make
all necessary rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of said Department of Justice, and for
the management and distribution of its busi-
ness.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
several officers hereinbefore transferred from
the other Departments to the Department of
Justice shall hold their respective offices until
their successors are duly qualified; and the
Solicitor General, and whenever vacancies oc-
cur, the assistants of the Attorney General,'
and all the solicitors and assistant solicitors
mentioned in this act, shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. All theotherofficers, clerks,
and employ6s in the said Department shall be
appointed and be removable by the Attorney
General.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
the following annual salaries shall be paid to
the officers hereinbefore mentioned: to the
Solicitor General, seven thousand five hundred
dollars; to each of the assistants of the Attor-
ney General, five thousand dollars each ; to
the solicitor of the internal revenue, five thou-
sand dollars; and to the other officers the sal-
aries and fees now allowed by law; and the
Attorney General shall be allowed a steno-
graphic clerk, with an annual salary of two
thousand dollars, and he may appoint three
additional clerks of the fourth class.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all
moneys hereafter drawn out of the Treasury
upon the requisition of the Attorney General,
shall be disbursed by such one ofthe clerks here-
in provided for the Attorney General as he may
designate; and so much of the first section of
the act making appropriations, passed March
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, as pro-
vides that moneys drawn out of the Treasury
upon the requisition of the Attorney General
shall be disbursed by such disbursing officer as
the Secretary of the Treasury may designate,
is hereby repealed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Attorney General to
make an annual report to Congress, in Janu-
uary each year, of the business of the said
Department of Justice, and any other matters
appertaining thereto that he may deem proper,
including the statistics of crime under the laws
of the United States, and, as far as practicable,
under the laws of the several States.
Sec. 13. And be it f uriher enacted, That the
superintendent of the Treasury building shall
provide such suitable rooms in the Treasury
building as maybe necessary to accommodate
the officers and clerks of the said Department,
or, to the extent that that may be found im-
practicable, to provide such rooms in some
other building in the vicinity of said Treasury
building.
Seo.14. Andbe it further enacted, That the
Attorney General may require,any solicitor or
officers of the Department of Justice to per-
form any duty required of said Department or
any officer thereof; and the officers of the
Law Department, under the direction of the
Attorney General, shall give all opinions and
render all services requiring the skill of per-
sons learned in the law, necessary to enable
the President and heads of the Executive De-
partments, and the heads of bureaus and other
officers in such Departments to discharge their
respective duties; and shall, for and on behalf
of the United States, procure the proper evi-
dence for, and conduct, prosecute, or defend
all suits aud proceedings in the Supreme Court
of the United States and in the Court of
Claim3, in which the United States, or any
officer thereof, is a party or may be interested.
And no fees shall be allowed or paid to any
other attorney or counselor-at-law for any
service herein required of the officers of the
Department of Justice.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
supervisory powers now exercised by the Sec-
retary of the Interior over the accounts ofthe
district attorneys, marshals, clerks, and other
officers of the courts of the United States,
shall be exercised by the Attorney General,
who shall sign all requisitions for the advance
or payment of moneys out of the Treasury, on
estimatesor aecpunts, subject to the same con-
trol now exercised on like estimatesor accounts
by the First Auditor or l''irst Comptroller of
the Treasury.
Sec. 1(>. Andbe it further enacted, That, the
Attorney General shall have supervision of
the conduct and proceedings of the various
attorneys for the United States in the respect-
ive judicial districts, who shall make report
to him of their proceedings, and also of all
other attorneys and counselors employed in
any cases or business in which the United
States may be concerned.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That ic
shall not be lawful for the Secretary of either
of the Executive Departments to employ attor-
neys or counsel at the expense of the United
States; but such Departments, when in need
of counsel or advice, shall call upon the De-
partment of Justice, the officers of which shall
attend to the same; and no counsel or attor-
ney fees shall hereafter be allowed to any per-
son or persons, besides tlio respective district
attorneys and assistant district attorneys, for
services in such capacity to the United States,
or any branch or Department of the Govern-
ment thereof, unless hereafter authorized by
law, and then only on the certificate of the
Attorney General that such services were
actually rendered, and that the same could
not be performed by the Attorney General, or
Solicitor General, or the officers of the Depart-
ment of J ustice, or by the district attorneys.
And every attorney and counselor who shall be
specially retained, under the authority of the
Department of Justice, to assist in the trial of
any casein which the Government is interested,
shall receive a commission from the head of
said Department, as a special assistant to the
Attorney General, or to some one of the dis-
trict attorneys, as the nature of the appoint-
ment may require, and shall take the oath
required by law to be taken by the district attor-
neys, and shail be subject to all the liabilities
imposed upon such officers by law.
beu. 18. And be it further enacted, That
the Attorney General shall from time to tune
cause to he edited and printed an edition of
one thousand copies, at the Government Punt-
ing Office, of such of ihe opinions of the law
officers herein authorized to be given as he may
deem valuable for preservation, in volumes
which shall be as to the size, quality of paper,
printing, and binding, of uniform style and
appearance, as nearly as practicable, with the
