1870.
the congressional globe.
1683
and ought to be done at once, and we ought to
enter upon the work of making a most thorough
and careful and discriminating examination of
all these claims coming from these States and
from all the other States and have them settled,
or they will linger here and grow in magnitude
and amount; and as time passes away the evi-
dence on the part of the Government will be
lost, while a variety of means will be resorted
to, as we all know, by those who think tfiey
may get their hands into the Treasury of the
United States.
I am in favor of this amendment. I am in
favor of it because I believe it to be the truo
interest of the Government to have these mat-
ters examined speedily and settled at once and
forever. Nobody can do it better than these
officers; nobody understands it so well. They
have been working for the last five years on
these questions. There have been millions
upon millions passed upon by the quarter-
master's and commissary departments, and
they have been to my personal knowledge
most carefully and thoroughly examined. I
hope the questions they have acted upon are
not to be reopened anywhere, that their action
is to staud; and I hope the same policy we
have adopted with regard to States that were
loyal to the country will now be extended to
these other States; that we shall enter on this
work of settling these elaims against our Gov-
ernment ; and the sooner they are settled the
safer it will be for the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. STEWART. This is a very large sub-
ject I concur in part with the Senator from
Massachusetts, but I do not believe that we have
any machinery here whereby there can be any
examination except that made by the quarter-
master's department, which is a mere matter
of auditing accounts as it seems to me. If
we are to enter on this business, I would
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on
Claims the propriety of allowing the Quarter-
master General to examine these claims as
provided in this bill, and after they have been
favorably reported on there let all above a cer-
tain amount betaken to the Court of Claims,
where you can have counsel on both sides to
bring out the facts. I am afraid the Quarter-
master General has not the machinery to
summon witnesses necessary to investigate this
kind of cases; but when they come into court
there can be a hearing on both sides. In that
way we shall have some protection to the
Treasury. It will be impossible for Congress
to go through this investigation. This bill pro-
vides simply for an auditing of these accounts
by the Quartermaster General, and as he has
not the means of summoning witnesses, I am
afraid he will be imposed on. I am afraid of
the bill as it now stands; but if this work is
to be entered upon, it seems to me all claims
over a certain amount, some trifling amount,
should go to the Court of Claims after a
favorable report from the quartermaster's
department.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought I should have
discharged my duty by recording my vote
against this bill were I not led to donbt by a
remark made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. If he be right in his construc-
tion of this bill I entirely misconceive it, and
therefore I ask his attention to it for a moment.
If the proposition were to allow claimants
to perpetuate evidence, in the language of
familiar statutes that would be comparatively
a harmless bill; an erroneous bill, in my judg-
ment, unless coupled with it even then, were
provisionsallowingthe Government also to per-
petuate testimony. But I repeat that were the
bill simply a guarantee that testimony existing
ra favor of claimants should not be guawed by
the tooth of time, and in that way lost, it would
be comparatively harmless. Were it a bill pro-
Tiding, as the Senator in one of his remarks
seemg to have implied, for any sort of trial in
ffhich the Government would have the slight-
est opportunity, erroneous then as I believe
would be the principle upon which the bill
must stand, still in that event it would be com-
paratively harmless. But what is it in truth ?
Permission to every claimant "to submit," in
the language used, "to the Quartermaster
General his claim accompanied by such proofs
as each claimant can present of the facts of
his case." That is the first permission.
At this moment I will not stop to comment
upon the great implication there contained,
i upon the implication which concludes us upon
! a great question, because I am talking merely
about the process. What next?
' It shall be the duty of the Quartermaster General
: to cause such claim to be examined; and upon such
I examination he shall cleoide what sum, if any, is due
: thereon.
1 Need one be a lawyer to know that with no
, solicitor or counsel for the Government, no
; attorney, no agent, no process, no marshal or
| official of any sort to do the bidding of the
I Government, no machinery provided by which
! this claim is to be put under the microscope
of truth and judicial investigation, the pro-
ceeding would degenerate into a mere auditing
of accounts ? Surely, I think, everybody must
see that. I do not mean at this moment, I beg
to say to the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, to judge the question of the conclusive-
ness upon Congress of that particular investi-
gation. Be its force more or less, I am speak-
ing only of its qualities as an investigation and
inquiry after the truth; and I repeat that it
would become a mere auditing of accounts
upon the ex parte statement and the ex parte
testimony presented by the claimant.
Now, Mr. President, that I need not be
drawn, as I certainly will not be drawn, into
any discussion of this bill—although the sub-
ject is one upon which I have thought a great
deal for years, and have had occasion to dis-
cuss sometimes here and still oftener in the
other House—let me submit to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts one other sug-
gestion. It is that if legislation commits a
body adopting it upon principles of ethics or
honor this legislation commits the Senate to a
waiver of a great question to be determined
only by fixing for all purposes pertinent here
the dimensions, the qualities, the legal stand-
ing, in all respects of public law, of that great
war which is now closed. If it was a public
war, if it was a territorial war, if it was a con-
test of arms such as publicists describe under
the name of war, then the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Virginia and the
remains of the bill without that amendment
cannot be vindicated, as far as I know, by pre-
cedents ever established by a Christian peo-
ple. If, on the contrary, an act which began in
rebellion, continued to the end to fall short of
the dimensions, continued to the end never
being invested with the results and qualities of
public war, the reverse is true.
The point I present is that in place of a
harmless proceeding to prevent the disappear-
ance of testimony this bill ia a measure, first
allowing claimants to make their own case in
the absence of the Government; and second,
committing us to the conclusion that persons
living in the southern States, after those States
were in insurrection and at war, by reason of
their individualloyalty, are distinguishable from
the mass of the population, and to them the
Government of the U nited States is to pay those
losses and injuries which were inflicted by the
war.
When the debate occurred, which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has referred to as a noted
debate, and I think he has a right to refer to
it in that way, because he contributed to it a j
very able and striking argument, to say the i
least 
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say that that was
an evidence of notability which did not occur
to me, for I did not do any such thing. I know
it would make it noted if I did. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I repeat that the honor-
able Senator has a right to regard it as a noted
debate. I remember, not soon to forget, the
argument which he made on that occasion; and
I was about to say that even that argument did
not convince the Senate that Miss Sue Murphey,
albeit she was loyal, was entitled, residing as
she did in a rebel State and a State in open war
with the Government of the United States, to
receive from that Government compensation
for injuries which befell her. I know there was
a struggle in reference to the loyalty of Miss
Murphey. I do not coincide in recollection with
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin in that
respect. Her loyalty was vouched for, and not
only so, but vouched for with a vehemence
which did honor to the gallantry, if not to the
accuracy, ot the members of the Committee on
Claims. I remember very well that the honor-
able Senator who now occupies the chair, [Mr.
Anthony]—I may say it with impunity as to
him ; being in the chair be cannot answer me,
[laughter]—I remember that that honorable
Senator in language which left no doubt upon
the minds of the Senate, expressed his opinion
in reference to a degree of loyalty in this young
lady which entitled her to the admiration of
the entire body.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me a
word? I think in order to rescue the commit-
tee from a charge of gallantry or from a com-
j pliment for gallantry which is undeserved, I
I ought to say that the distinguished Senator
| now occupying the chair was not a member of
the Committee on Claims at that time.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon, Mr. Pres-
ident. I did not either compliment the pres-
ent occupant of the Chair or attribute it to nim,
if it was not a. compliment, anything by way
of placing him upon the Committee on Claims.
It aid not occur to me at the moment whether
he was or was not a member of the com-
mittee. I rather think, however, as the honor-
able Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
suggests to me, that the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] was at that
time a member of the Committee on Claims;
but no matter, he spoke in his own right, by
his own great authority, in reference to this
young lady; and the Senator from Wisconsin
has twice this morning torn laurels from his
brow which justly belong there, when he dis-
claims for the committee the compliment of
gallantry. I know very well that the com-
mittee all took Miss Sue Murphey, in respect to
her loyalty, under the wings of the committee,
and she appeared full fledged as a ministering
angel on the Union side in the place where sho
lived. And even then, and before her loyalty
was seriously disputed, I repeat that the Sen-
ate did not accept the conclusion that in the
case even of Miss Sue Murphey or anybody else
! the Government was bound to pay to a citizen,
a resident of these hostile States, damages for
injuries inflicted by the war.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me to interpose I will say that the Committee
on Claims have veiy strong proof of the dis-
loyalty of Miss Sue Murphey. It came into the
possession of the committee during the dis-
cussion of her claim, or, perhaps, shortly after
it; but at any rate it was of a kind to satisfy
the whole world that she was at heart, and per-
haps in act, as decided a rebel as there was in
that part of the country, notwithstanding the
pleasant certificates which she obtained from
certain military gentlemen who came into con-
tact with her.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if it was not a fact that the Committee on
Claims were fully satisfied at one time thatshe
was a loyal person, and that they recommended
the payment of her claim on that ground ?
And her disloyalty was not discovered until
after that time. 1 only speak of that as an
illustration of the danger of allowing persons
to make claims against the Government at this
time upon their loyalty, when the committee
was deceived, every member of the committee,
by Miss Sue Mnrphey.
Mr. HOWARD. In response to that inquiry
