1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4517
The SPEAKER. This being unfinished busi-
ness would exclude the regular business of
Friday. The effect of the previous question is
to declare that the question " shall be now
put;" hence no other business could be in
order till this -natter had been disposed of.
Mr. KNOTT. I movethat when the House
adjourns it be to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I understood the Speaker to say that
if the House should now adjourn this railroad
bill would come up to-morrow morning imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal, and
would continue before the House until disposed
of. Would it override the business of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, which
is assigned for to morrow at two o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The order
with reference to that business is absolute.
Nor if it should go over till Saturday would it
override the arrangement adopted by unani-
mous consent that the Committee of Claims
shall occupy Saturday after the morning hour.
"With these exceptions it would override all
other business.
messace from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goiiham,
it3 Secretary, announced that the Senate had
appointed Mr. Mop.eill of Maine, Mr. Nye,
and Mr. Stockton, as managers on the part
of the Senate at the second conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 781) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending Juno 30,
1871, in place of Mr. Drake, Mr. Edmunds,
and Mr. McCreery, who declined to serve at
the conference, and were excused from such
service.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with amendments, joint resolution
IL R. No. 302, donating condemned ordnance
for a soldiers' monument at Poughkeepsie,
New York.
The message further announced tkat the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
joint resolution and bill of the following titles:
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 324) granting
condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan; and
An act (II. R. No. 1328) to establish the
depaitment of justice.
The message likewise announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 7G0) for the relief of Lucas,
Dickinson, and other counties in the State of
Iowa; and
An act (S. No. 883) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812.
national junction railway.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. II.
No. 572) to amend an act incorporating the
National Junction Railway Company be taken
from the Speaker's table for reference to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Objection was made.
l'ay of registers and sheriffs.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill (H. R. No. 2213) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes," ap-
proved April 20, 1870; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill enacts that the provision in the act
of April 20, 1870, limiting the pay of registers
and sheriffs in the fifth military district to five
dollars per day be amended so as to authorise
the payment of six dollars per day to those
officers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr._ DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pensions.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 1987) to define the duties of pen-
sion agents, to prescribe the manner of paying
pensions, and for other purposes, were taken
from the Speaker's table and non-concurred
in, and a committee of conference was ordered
on the part of the House.
"withdrawal ov papers.
Mr. TRIMBLE, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the case of Henry Lenhart.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. WILLARD obtained leave of absence
for ten days;
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained leave of absence
for two weeks;
Mr. BINGHAM obtained leave of absence
till next Tuesday;
Mr. JDDD,Mr. ORTH, and Mr. AMBLER
obtained leave of absence till next Monday ;
Mr. MUNGEN obtained leave of absence till
next Saturday; and
Mr. CAKE obtained leave of absence till
July I.
cuba.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe, as part of the
debates, remarks on the recognition of Cuban
belligerency. [See Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIGCrS : The memorial of J. Mar-
shall ITarlan, B. Pearce, and others, citizens of
Wilmington, Delaware, praying for the repeal
of the internal revenue stamp system, and the
enactment of a law taxing distilled spirits at
the distillery only.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition of the citizens of
Jersey City, New Jersey, asking for the modi-
fication of the internal revenue law respecting
the tax on tobacco.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: A petition
of sundry soldiers of East Tennessee, praying
for additional bounty in certain cases.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of Alex-
ander 11. Boteler, for the removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of Cyras P. Bryan, for the
removal of disabilities.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 17, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction oe the journal,
Mr. BUPPINTON. I rise to correct the
Journal. I am recorded as not voting yester-
day on the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Houian] to lay on the table the bill
(H. R. No. 2214) relating to the Western Pacific
railroad. I voted in the negative.
The Journal, as corrected, was approved.
lincoln memorial stone
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the joint Committee on the
Library a joint resolution (H. R. No. 230) rela-
tive to the stone presented by the patriots of
Rome to the late President Lincoln.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs
the architect of the Capitol to transfer to an
appropriate place in the conservatory at the
United States Botanical Garden the stone pre-
sented by the patriots of Rome to the late
President Lincoln, now improperly located in
the crypt of the Capitol.
Mr. CULLOM. I move the following sub-
stitute :
Strike oat all after tho onacting clause and insert
the following:
That tho architect of the Capitol he, ami lie is
hereby, directed to cause the stone presented to the
hi to President Abraham Lincoln by tho patriots of
Rome to be transferred to the possession of tho Lin-
coln Monument Association at Springfield, Illinois,
to bo placed by said association in the monnmcnt
now being erected to tho memory of Abraham Lin-
coln.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Iowa hav-
ing kindly permitted me to offer my amend-
ment, I desire, by the indulgence of thegentle-
man and the House, to submit a few remarks
in its support and pertinent to thesubject. The
amendment which I offer directs the architect
of the Capitol to transfer the stone presented
to the late President Abraham Lincoln by the
patriots of Rome to the possession of the Mon-
ument Association at Springfield^ Illinois, to
be placed by that association in the monument
now being erected in memory of that great man
in the city of his home while living, and near
the place where he now sleeps in death.
As the duties of the day impel us onwaru in
the discharge of our obligations to the country,
it may be well that we should turn our thoughts
back for a moment and consider the lives and
deeds of some of those who have performed
their work and passed off the stage of action.
The history of the world is little else than a
history of the struggles between the oppressor
and the oppressed. In one form or another,
in all ages and in all nations, unjust oppres-
sion upon the masses of the people seems to
have been the rule, and equal and cxact justice
to all the exception.
As page after page of the record of time and
events is turned, once in a great while our
attention is fastened upon the story of the
heroic deeds and noble efforts of some grand
master spirit whose work left its impress on
the sands of time and conferred everlasting
blessings on the human race. Favored with
power and wealth and influence, and con-
trolled by ambition, like Alexander of old,
man longs for other worlds to conquer.
But there are men in every age who rise above
the common plane, and with an unselfish ambi-
tion and exalted purpose and conscious power,
almost godlike, they move forward in the ac-
complishment of great ends for the ameliora-
tion of their race.
In the early history of Rome there appeared a
man who became a ruler and king, called Servius
Tullius. His aim and ambition seem to have
been the improvement of tke condition of the
common people of Rome. His deeds were
deeds of peace, and his work was tempered
with goodness and charity. He discharged the
debts of the indigent subjects of his kingdom
from his own private purse, and deprived the
creditor of the right to seize the body of the
debtor for debt, and restricted him to the goods
and chattels. But tradition tells us that his
grandest achievement was the establishment of
a constitution for the government of his country
whereby the common people of Rome were
given their political independence, the right
to take part in the affairs of State being con-
ferred upon them. The substantial and posi-
tive elevation of the plebeians of Rome to the
enjoyment of great rights in the affairs of State
was the result of the labors of the sixth king
of that ancient Government. TV hen this great
and righteous work had been accomplished by
Servius Tullius, and the people were but just
