1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
St. Landry and in the vicinity of Opelousas.
Yet that same man, before our committee had
left the city of New Orleans, was indorsed as
a good and true loyal citizen by that pinl^ of
propriety and honor, Governor Warmoth, and
was appointed by him sheriff of the parish of
St. Landry, and he holds that office to-day
under the Governor's appointment.
It thus appears that the very instrument of
these outrages is esteemed worthy to be made
a chief organ in the Republican party of Louisi-
ana for the purpose of maintaining peace and
quiet. With his hands red, as my colleague
pays, with the blood of his colored neighbors
and fellow-citizens, which the "rich soil of the
Teche" has been drinking, he is appointed by
the Government to this responsible office.
I hold in my hands official evidence of his
appointment from the secretary of State of
Louisiana. It reads:
State of Louisiana,
Office of Secretary of State,
New Oeleans, April 7.1870.
This is to certify that it appears from therecords of
lis office that James M. Thompson was duly an-
ointed and commissioned sheriff in and for the
'arish of St. Landry on the 29th of June, 1869.
[l. s.]
Given under my hand and the seal of State,
this 7th day of April, 1870.
PITT CRAVATH,
Asuislant Secretary of State.
Mr. STEVENSON. Although the matter
is immaterial to this case, I think it just to the
Governor to state that Mr. Thompson was
elected to the office of sheriff, and was merely
commissioned by the Governor, who was bound
to commission whosoever might be elected to
such an office. That at least is my under-
standing.
Mr. KERB.. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to make any mistake about that matter. My
information is that Mr. Thompson was not
elected, but appointed. I am confidenthe was
not elected. My colleague also states, in the
broadest and most unqualified language, that
during these troubles in the parish of Orleans
there were killed and murdered two hundred
people. I wish my colleague to state whether
he means that to be understood by the House
as a statement of the fact?
Mr. STEVENSON. That is the estimate.
Of course they are all estimates. We could
not investigate every case and show that it was
a murder. We had to take estimates.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman mean to
state that there were two hundred people mur-
dered in even the whole district during that
campaign ?
Mr. STEVENSON. That is the estimate.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman state that
as his own conclusion?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no doubt there
were more.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I state it upon
my honor as a man, and upon my knowledge
as a party to this entire examination, that the
gentleman can nowhere in this testimony sus-
tain that statement; and I say, with great |ier-
sonal respect for him, that the statement is not
true. I do not believe the testimony shows
that in the second congressional district of
Louisiana there were ten human beings who
were murdered or killed on account of any
troubles or controversy connected with this
political canvass. I do not believe there were
ten.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will
remember that six were killed in the first fight.
Mr. KERR. I remember that there were
no six kil|ed in the first fight; and the gentle-
man cannot prove that by the testimony.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
forget the testimony of General Hatch?
Mr. KERR. General Hatch! I thank the
gentleman for reminding me of him. Upon
every point on which General Hatch testified
he testified on cx parte reports made to him;
Ho had no personal knowledge of the facts ot
the case. He was the head of the Preedmen s
Bureau in that State, and all his subordinates
were meTxibexa of th© Republican party■> little
politicians, facile humbugs and tools, flying
here and there over the State of Louisiana,
picking up all the wild rumors that were floated
on the breezes of heaven, getting facts nowhere,
but rumors everywhere; making inquiries no-
where, but allowing every partisan statement
or suggestion to find ready lodgment in their
minds and reporting them for facts.
This General Hatch, if any man .here will
take the trouble to read the testimony, out of
his own lips condemns himself as a purblind,
unfaithful, and reckless .partisan, who is will-
ing to swear to anything, to anybody's state-
ment, to swear without evidence, to swear to
rumor without any knowledge at all. And that
is the man who is brought here to prejudice
and control this House! It is true the great
mass of stuff Mr. Hatch put into this record
was never purged. We were not permitted to
bring witnesses to disprove his statements. I
hope the House will not undertake to submit
itself to the control or guidance of such a man
as this General Hatch. His statements are so
absurd and extravagant as to bear their false-
hood upon their face, and they ought to mis-
lead nobody.
Mr. Speaker, I hope the House is not ready
to assume the responsibility of electing mem-
bers to this House. To admit the sitting mem-
ber to retain his seat will be to elect him by
the act of this House and to reject the legally-
elected Representative of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Has the gentleman who has
charge of the ease any objection to my non-
calling the previous question?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not if it be agree-
able to the House.
Mr. PAINE. Has any gentleman on the
other side any objection to my calling the pre-
vious question on this case now?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it was under-
stood that the remaining time devoted to this
case after the previous question shall be sec-
onded should be divided equally with this side
of the House, charging me with the excess of
time I occupied.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Erroneous
statements made by the gentleman from In-
diana ought to be corrected. He has misstated
the facts both in regard to individuals and in
regard to the Republican party of Louisiana,
as I can show from the evidence disclosed by
this record. I have kept some account of these
misstatements.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the arrange-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Indiana
will be satisfactory. He has occupied an hour
and forty minutes, while I have occupied an
hour and a half. That will give him twenty
minutes of the remaining hour, and forty to this
side of the House. I am perfectly satisfied
with that. Of my forty minutes I will give
all but fifteen minutes to the gsntleman from
Louisiana, to be divided as he may deem fit, re-
taining only fifteen minutes for myself. ^ The
other twenty minutes of the hour I will give to
thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. KERR,]touse
as he may choose. Will that be satisfactory to
the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. That will
be satisfactory to me.
Mr. STEVEN SON. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now rise to close the
debate, under the rule, and I yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana twenty minutes to assign
as he may.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish the time m that
way. I think it is but fair to me that I shall
follow after the gentleman shall have yielded a
part of his time to the other side.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield, then, to the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] twenty-
five minutes, to be divided as he wishes.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker,
I do not know that I shall want twenty-five
minutes. I have considered for some time the
propriety of my speaking on this question; but
after what has occurred, whether proper or not,
I deem it my duty to state to the House the
precise condition of the question at issu§, and
to correct, also, some statements of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] which are
entirely false, whether uttered on his own
responsibility or not.
Now, sir, we have heard a great deal about
the respectability of the Democratic party of
the South. We have heard that the Repub-
lican party is made up of carpet-baggers, scal-
lawags, and "niggers." The gentleman has
brought that into this case. I have no detrac-
tion to utter against the people of Louisiana as
a whole. I frankly admit the majority of the
Republican party in that State are colored
men, men who were at one time slaves, and
that, too, at a very recent date. I admit
that the men who are in that State, and who
could not be gulled by the leaders of the
southern confederacy, are to-day most gen-
erally attached to the Republican party. I
admit that the men who have gone there from
the North, and are called carpet-baggers, are
Republicans as a rule, with some few excep-
tions, and I do not envy the gentlemen who
constitute the exceptions their position. But
I do say further, that the property of that State
is rapidly coming into the hands of these car-
pet-baggers, scallawags, and negroes. The
true definition there of the expression '' carpet-
bagger" was given by a friend of mine when
he sajd that it means a man who has no mort-
gage on his house and lot. I say further, that
much of the talent of that city resides in the
Republican party. The leaders of the bar of
New Orleans are Republicans. I may mention
such names as William H. Hunt, P. H. Mor-
gan, Thomas J. Durant, and E. C. Billings, and
I could go on naming many other men of that
class who exercise the greatest influence in the
State. I could also go on and name the men
who are the large merchants there, who do the
commercial business of the city, and who are
carpet-baggers and Republicans. It is true
that they have been subjected to social ostra-
cism, that they have been oppressed in their
business, that they have been overridden by
the violence of Democratic sentiment, and that
attempts have been made to crush them. But
their assailants have feund this utterly impos-
sible.
The gentleman from Indiana has represented
the witnesses on his side of the case as being
men of respectability. I do not propose to
enter any denial or to make any attack upon
the character of witnesses. But he has said
that in the main our witnesses are not respect-
able ; and he has instanced one man. _ It is a
pleasure to mo to defend that man on thisfloor.
I challenge the gentleman from Indiana or any
one who supplies him with information to lay
a single crime to the charge ef William Baker.
He is to-day the deputy collector of the port
of New Orleans, and I challenge the gentle-
man or any of his informers to trump up any
charge against him except that he has been
true to the Government while the war was
going on. I will state what tho gentleman can
say of William Baker, and he can say no more.
He was the appointee of Philip H. Sheridan
for street commissioner of New Orleans. At
the time he was running for that office on the
Republican ticket a man whom I do not know
got up charges against him of peculations, or
something of that kind, in office, and that Dem-
ocratic trickster, Winfield Scott Hancock, or-
dered him to be tried before the city_council,
an authority which has no jurisdiction over
crimes. And when they had made their best case
against William Baker he exercised supreme
military authority and prevented him from pro-
ducing any defense before that tribunal. I hey
then brought him before the district court, pre-
sided over by a Democratic judge. But a Dem-
ocratic grand jury would not find a bill against
him; a Democratic district attorney would not
