1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
Mr. WILSON. Then, of course, they can-
not be paid again.
Mr. COLE. The national debt to-day is
larger by mauy millions than it vonld have been
bat for the payment of loyal persons for com-
missary andquartermasters' stores in the rebel-
lious States. The proposition now is to open
the door for, say $5,000,000 more, if you please,
of these claims. We are all aware that during
the progress of war there is a great amount of
damage made that cannot be compensated.
There is in law what is termed damnum absque
injuria, where there can be no remedy for the
injury received; and so clearly is that recog-
nized in the law that damages which are caused
by the elements, or, as the law books term it,
"by the act of God or by the public enemy,"
are very frequently regarded as injuries that
are not to be compensated.
Now, sir, if we leave the few other claims of
this nature open to investigation by our care-
ful Committees on.Claims in both branches of
Congress, to be passed upon by them, know-
ing that they ore men of judgment and will
scrutinise them closely, we shall render all the
assistance, in aiy judgment, that the loyal per-
sons of the South need for their protection in
this direction.
I tee at the en,d of the bill a provision that
these claims shall be brought forward within
two years or forever barred. Does the Sen-
ator believe that that provision will bar this
class of claims ? They will be brought forward
here, if this bill passes with this restriction
upon it, during many years that will follow the
passage of this bill, I have no question. If
Congress has the right to put a restriction, it
can remove the restriction. If Congress can
affix a limitation, it can remove the limitation.
We know that claims arising far back in the
war of 1812, and I think'some that arose in
the revolutionary war, are still brought for-
ward here, and are presented urgently some-
times for payment by Congress. I know of
some claims dating back many years that are
brought forward here. One I remember—I
will not mention it by name or by designation—-
that arose many years ago, and has been, in
fact, settled nearly half a dozen times by Con-
gress; and yet its ghoet comes np before
Congress every year regularly. It has been
mooted here again this winter to my certain
knowledge. There is no possibility of fixing
a statute of limitations upon these claims.
If this bill passes, and some one not having
Been it, or who has seen it, and, neglecting
his opportunity, has failed to bring forward
his claim, and comes up with a good claim
three years or four years or ten years after
this, Congress will not refuse to pay that
claim. Congress will not refuse now to pay
any just claim. But the difficulty is in dis-
criminating between those that are just and
those that are not; and I, for one, am not will-
ing to leave it to the Departments to determ-
ine whether they shall be allowed or not. The
head of the Department does not himself con-
sider them* They are referred to some clerk,
who look* at the testimony and reports upon
it. The Commissary General himself or the
Quartermaster General himself cannot con-
sider them. They are, after all, referred to
some subordinate in the Department to pass
upon them, to examine them; and it is upon
his report that they are decided. I am willing
to trust to the Committee on Claims while at
the head of it is the distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I rise merely to with-
draw the amendment which I proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regard
this bill as a very important one, and as chang-
ing the policy that has hitherto been adopted
"J Congress, and I am sorry to see that it is
not receiving more attention in the Senate. All
onr legislation hitherto has been based upon
theory that the rebel region pf country,
over whioh the rebels had absolute control,
was all enemy country, and that everybody
within those limits was to be regarded in law
as an enemy; and we have refused hitherto to
i pay for property taken or destroyed by our
armios in that region of country.
Now it is proposed to change this policy,
and to provide by bill for paying for property
taken by our armies in the enemy country.
I do not understand that there is any obliga-
tion upon us to do that. It is a very great
hardship—I know that persons in the enemy
country were deprived of their property by our
Army when it passed through that region of
country--a very great hardship that a Union
man living in Georgia should have had his
plantation passed over by our troops as they
passed through that State, and then that he
cannot be paid for his property. But it was a
very great hardship that our troops had to
march over that plantation. It was a very
great hardship that a million men had to be
called out and undergo all thfi privations and
sufferings of war for years to put down the
rebellion. And, sir, the lives that have been
| sacrificed cannot be called back; the fathers
! and the mothers who gave up their children to
| put down the rebellion, and who fell upon
these very lands, the owners of which now
seek to have pay for the property that was
taken from thbm, cannot call back those loved
ones. War leaves desolation and destruction
in its track, and no Government yet, I think,
has ever undertaken to pay for property de-
stroyed in the enemy country. Tney have
sometimes paid for property which they have
taken. Armies sometimes levy contributions
upon cities, but they do not expect to refund
the money they thus take. Our Army sub-
| sisted upon the rebel country; and if we adopt
the principle that we are to pay for the sup-
plies that were taken in the enemy country
and receipted for by quartermasters, or that
were taken and not receipted for and used by
the Army, it will be but another step, and a
very short step, when we shall be called upon
i to pay for all the property that was destroyed
J in that region of country.
j But it is said that we are only to pay loyal
, men. Mr. President, we know bow easy it
will be to establish, the loyalty of persons in a
region of country where one testifies for the
other. All these people will have claims. Men
who know the feet that the claimants were dis-
loyal will be slow to come forward and make
proofof the feet, because they themselves prob-
ably will wish also to present claims; and we
know how generally now men claim that they
were not original secessionists, or did not go
willingly into the rebel army.
I have very great faith i(i the carefulness, in
the integrity, and in the good judgment of the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General. The Senator from Wisconsin does
not think better of them than I do, nor does
the Senator from Massachusetts. I think they
have been very careful in the investigation of
claims ; but they have not the machinery for
testing these claims. The prbceedings before
them are ex parte. The claimant makes. his
own affidavit. They have none of the machin-
ery of courts to summon witnesses, to cross-
examine witnesses; and yet now you propose
to submit to these officers, honest, faithful, ca-
pable ipen as they are, to determine questions
in regard' to the amount that shall be paid*-to
parties In the rebel States for their property
which was taken and used by our armies. If
they could have all the facts before them, I
would as soon trust them as any other persons.
If they had the machinery for bringing before
them all the facts, I should have confidence in
their arriving at a juBt result. But they have
not.
Now, to show you how careful Congress has
been in this respect, I wish to call your atten-
tion for a moment to the legislation of Congress
npon this subject. We have established pere
at the seat or Government a Court of Claims,
consisting of five judges, capable, honest, and
able men. They hold their courts in this Cap-
itol. They have provided all the machinery
for testing every claim that is presented. The
claimant cannot be a witness in that court; but
he is required to prove his case by evidence
other than his own; and before he can have
srly standing whatever in that court he must
establish his loyalty. The very first thing that
he has to do when he enters the portals of that
court is to set forth his loyalty, or, as the law
states it:
• j ordor to authorize the said court to render a
judgment in favor of any claimant, if a citizen of the
j United States, it shall be set forth in the petition that
tno claimant and the original and every prior owner
thereof, whero tho claim haa been assigned, has at
• il it® -?°Ino,'■'U0 allegiance to tho Government
of tho United (States, and whether a citizen or not,
i that he has not in any way voluntarily aided, abetted,
j or given enoouragement to rebellion against the said
; Government, which allegations may be traversed by
i the Government; and if on the trial such issue shall
! be decided against the claimant his petition shall bo
dismissed.
The very first thing that a claimant has to do
who goes into that court is to establish his loy-
i alty, and that allegation may be traversed, and
no testimony is received there ex parte. Under
the rules adopted by that court and under the
law, testimony is taken before commissioners
appointed by the court, not affidavits made
before a party selected by the claimant, but
before commissioners or the iudges of some of
the United States courts. Notice is given to
the solicitors of the Government to attend. If
depositions are taken the questions are furnished
to the attorneys of the Government; the wit-
nesses are cross-examined, and we have all the
machinery for arriving at the truth in regard
to claims. And yet, sir, what has Congress
stated in regard to claims presented to that
court ? In 1867 Congress declared:
"That the provisions of chapter two hundred and
forty of the acts of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, first
session, approved July 4,1864, shall not be construed
to authorise the settlement of any claim for supplies
or stores taken or furnished for the use of or used
by, the armies of the United States, norfor the occu-
pation of or injury to real estate, nor for the con-
sumption, appropriation, or destruction of or dam-
age to personal property by the military authorities
or troops of the United States, where such claim
originated during the war for the suppression of
tho southern rebellion in a State or part of a Stata
declared in insurrection by the proot&mation of
the President pf the United States dated July 1,1862,
or in a Stato whioh by an ordinance of secession
attempted to withdraw from the United States Gov-
ernment : Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall repeal or modify tho effect of any act or joint
resolution extending the provisions of the said act
of July 4,1804, to the loyal citizens of the State of
Tennessee, or of the State of West Virginia, or any
county therein."
Now, sir, so careful has Congress been as to
this court, clothed with all the machinery for
ascertaining the truth, where nothing can be
presented ex parte, but must be upon cross*
examination, where the claimant is not a wit-
ness, that it has absolutely inhibited that court
from examining any claim fctyrt arose in the
rebel States. And yet it is proposed by the
bill under consideration to allow the Quarter-
master General and the Commissary General
to pass upon this class of claims/for suppliea or
stores which have been taken and furnished the
Army all through those States. If we are to
do this at all, Mr. President, I should prefer, by
all means, that these claims should go before
a board so constituted as to be able to sift the
testimony.
I should say that in order to make out loy-
alty in the Court of Claims, by the rules of
the court they require affirmative evidence of
the fact of loyalty, It is not enough that it is
shows that a man is not disloyal, but he must
show that he is loyal; and sucn, I think, is
the statute.
Mr. HO.WE. The law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law is that he must
show affirmative acts; that in every case where
he was so situated that it was in his power tq
have made known his loyalty to the Union hq
must have done it] and tho court cannot pass'
in favor of a single claim till this fact is estab-
lished positively and affirmatively in the first
