1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Laws of the United States.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
to which the right of way has heretofore been
granted.
Approved, June 28, 1870.
Chap. CLXVF.—An Act declaring the Bridge
between Philadelphia and Camden a Post
Uonte.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the bridge authorized
(o be constructed by "an act giving the con-
sent of the United States to the erection of a
bridge across the Delaware river, between
Philadelphia and Camden," approved April
sixth, eighteen hundred and seventy, when
erected, shall be, and is hereby, declared to
be a post route.
Approved, June 28, 1870.
Chap. CLXVTL—An Act making the first, day
of January, the twenty-fifth day of Decem-
ber, the fourth day of July, and Thanks-
giving Day, Holidays, within the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following days,
to wit: the first day of January, commonly
called New Year's day, the fourth day of July,
the twenty-fifth day of December, commonly
called Christmas day, and any day appointed
or recommended by the President of the Uni-
ted States as a day of public fast or thanks-
giving, shall be holidays within the District of
Columbia, and shall, for all purposes of pre-
senting for paymeut or acceptance for the
maturity and protest, and giving notice of the
dishonor of bills of exchange, bank checks
and promissory notes or other negotiable or
commercial paper, be treated and considered
as is the first day of the, week, commonly
called Sunday, and all notes, drafts, checks,
or other commercial or negotiable paper fall-
ing due or maturing on either of said holidays
shall be deemed as having matured on the day
previous.
Approved, June 28, 1870.
Ciiap. CLXVIII.—An Act to Incorporate the
National Bolivian Navigation Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That George li. Church,
William H. Reynolds, Jerome B. Chaffee, S.
L. M. Barlow, James S. Mackie, Charles A.
Lambard, and George F. Wilson, and such
other persons as may be associated with them
and their successors, are created a body politic
and corporate by the name, style, and title of
the National Bolivian Navigation Company,
and by that name shall have perpetual succes-
sion, and shall be able to sue and be sued, plead
and be impleaded, defend and be defended, in
all courts of law and equity within the United
States, and may make and have a common
seal. And the said corporation shall have
power to own, sell, build, purchase, mortgage,
and charter steam and other vessels, and
employ the same in navigation between the
United States and the ports of South America,
or upon the rivers and navigable waters of
Bolivia and Brazil, and may hold such real
and personal property of every kind as may
be necessary or useful in connection with the
said business, and may, under authority of the
Penivian and Bolivian Governments, engage
in public works connected with such trans-
portation, or which may become necessary in
aider to develop the same in, upou, or near
the said rivers, and for that purpose may
issue its bonds or other obligations secured by
a pledge of its property and franchises: Pro-
vided, That the United States shall not be
responsible for loss or damage resulting from
the transportation of property to, or invest-
ment made in, any foreign country.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of the said corporation shall be
one million of dollars, to be divided into shares
of one hundred dollars each, and said shares
of stock shall be personal property transferable
on the books of the company only; and said
capital stock may be increased from time to
time, as- may be necessary, for the general pur-
poses of said company.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall have power to make such
by-laws as it deems proper for the disposition
of the property and estate of the company, the
management of its business and affairs, the
term of office and duties of its officers and ser-
vants, and to carry out the general objects of
the corporation, and to amend or to repeal the
same at pleasure : Provided, Thatsuch by-laws
shall not conflict with any law of the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
stock, property, and affairs of the said corpor-
ation shall be managed by a board consisting
of not more than nine or less than five direct-
ors. and they may appoint a president, and
such other officers, and employ such agents, as
they deem proper.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
corporators named in this act shall be the direct-
ors for the first year from the organization of
the company, and thereafter annual elections
of directors by the stockholders shall be held,
at meetings to be called for that purpose, at
which each share of stock present, in person or
by proxy, shall be entitled to one vote, and a
majority of the stock thus represented shall
elect.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect immediately.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
principal office of the company shall be located
in the city of New York, and that Congress
shall have power to alter, amend, or repeal
this act at any time.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to reorganize the
Marine Hospital Service, and to provide
for the Belief of Sick and Disabled Seamen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
first day of August, eighteen hundred and
seventy, there shall be assessed and eolleeted
by the collectors of customs at the ports of the
United States, from the masters or owners of
every vessel of the United States, arriving from
a foreign port, orof registered vesselsemployed
in the coasting trade, the sum of forty cents per
month for each and every seaman who shall
have been employed on said vessel since she
was last entered at any port of the United
States, which sum said master or owner is here-
by authorized to collect and retain from the
wages of said employ6s.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the first day of August, no collector
shall grant to any vessel whose enrollment or
license for carrying on the coasting trade has
expired a new enrollment or license, unless the
master of such vessel shall have first rendered
a true account to the collector of the number
of seamen and the time they have been employed
on such vessel during the continuance of the
license which has so expired, and shall have
paid to such collector forty cents per month
for every such seaman who shall have been
employed as aforesaid, which sum the said
master is hereby authorized to retain out of the
wages of such seaman ; and if the master ot
any registered, enrolled, or licensed vessel of
the United States shall render a false account
of the number of seamen so employed, or of
the length of time they have severally been
employed, as is herein required, he shall for-
feit and pay fifty dollars, which shall be applied
to, and shall make a part of, the general fund
created by this act, and all needful regulations
for the mode of collectingtkesums hereinbefore
mentioned shall be prepared under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, by such
person as by liim may be designated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the several collectors to
deposit the sums collected by them respect-
ively under the provisions of this act, in the
nearest United States depositary, to the credit
of " the fund for the relief of nick and disabled
seamen making returns of the same with
proper vouchers monthly, on forms to be fur-
nished by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
all moneys received or collected by virtue of
this act shall bfe paid into the Treasury like
other public moneys, without abatement or
reduction; and all moneys so received are
hereby appropriated for the expenses of the
marine hospital service, and shall be credited
to the marine hospital fund, of which separate
accounts shall be kept.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
fund thus obtained shall be employed, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the care and relief of sick and disabled
seamen employed in registered, enrolled, and
licensed vessels of the United States.
Sec. G. And be it further enactcd, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to appoint a surgeon to act as supervising sur-
geon of marine hospital service, whose duty it
shall be, under the direction of the Secretary,
to supervise all matters connected with the
marine hospital service, and with the disburse-
ment of the fund provided by this act, at a
salary not exceeding the rate of two thousand
dollars per annum, and his necessary travel-
ing expenses, who shall be required to make
monthly reports to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That,-for
the purposes of this act, the term "vessel,"
herein used, shall be held to include every
description of water-craft, raft, vehicle, and
contrivance used or capable of being used as
a means or auxiliary of transportation on or
by water. And all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent or in conflict with the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 29,1870.
Chap. CLXX.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled " An Act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to License Yachts."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
the act entitled " An act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to license yachts, and
for other purposes," approved August seventh,
eighteen hundred ana forty-eight, is hereby
amended by inserting, in the first clause thereof,
after the words "port to port of the United
States," the words "and by sea to foreign
ports."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That1
yachts belonging to a regularly organized yacht
club of any foreign nation which shall extend
like privileges to the yaehtsof the UnitedStates
shall have the privilege of entering or leaving
any port of the United States without entering
or clearing at the custom-house thereof, or
paying tonnage tax.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That, ior
the identification of yachts and their owners,
a commission to sail for pleasure in any des-
ignated yacht belonging to any regularly organ-
ized and incorporated yacht elub, stating the
exemptions and privileges enjoyed under it,
