5462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July-12,
tion of the Senate bill. That authorized the
appointment of agents to negotiate the bonds,
and provided a sum not exceeding one half per
cent, for the expense of preparing, issuing, and
disposing of the same. We objected to the
employment of agents, and that part of the
section was abatBoned by the Senate; but we
agreed the Secretary might use a sum not
exceeding one half of one per cent, for the
purpose of engraving, printing, issuing, adver-
tising, and disposing of the bonds. In doing
this it is with the assurance and understanding
that there will be no attempt to exercise the
power not given to appoint special agents ; but
they will go on employing and commissioning,
and those who do the business, whoever they
may be, who exercise any agency in putting
the bonds on the market, will receive their
commission. In other words, it will open the
bonds to everybody, but there can be no spe-
cial agents.
The next modification was in the fifth sec-
tion. Objection was made to what was called
the gold section of our bill, by which it is sought
to establish a circuit, bringing money into the
Treasury and using a portion to redeem the
five-twenty bonds, with the expectation that it
will return again either by investment in new
bonds or by deposit in the Treasury, and then
used again for the same purpose, taking a step,
as I once before described, in the direction of
specie payment.
After considerable difficulty the Senate con-
ferees were brought to agree with that gold
section, as it was termed, with two changes ;
that as it was to be in some sense an experi-
ment to be tried under the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, was merely permis-
sive, and not obligatory, it should be limited
to two years after the time of the experiment,
and that the maximum of interest to be allowed
upon these deposits of gold should be two and
a half per cent., instead of three per cent., as
we had it.
One other modification of the House bill has
been assented to, and that is the additional
section by which any banks under the national
banking law hereafter organized or established
are to have their circulation based upon the
new bonds—that is, the five, four and a half,
and four per cent, bonds—but without any
compulsory process to compel a change of the
bonds which they now hold, or a substitution
of new bonds for them on the part of the banks
already existing and having a circulation based
upon bonds that have heretofore been issued.
Mr. GAliEIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question. How is it to be
determined which of the three kinds of bonds
shall bo taken; is it to be at the option of the
bank or the Secretary, or how?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be, I doubt not,
just such bonds as the Secretary shall think
proper to issue in order to get the loan afloat
on the market. And those bonds, therefore,
will be of mixed kinds. The Secretary will
not offer the fours alone, nor the four and a
balfs, nor the fives. Indeed, I may say here,
there is reason to expect he is right in his con-
clusion that persons, for the sake of getting
fives, will be very glad to get fours, and that
we shall dispose of mixed quantities of these
bonds, fives, four and a halts, fours, whether
to the banks or to others.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I desire to ask him if, under
the provisions of the bill as reported, it would
be in the Secretary's power to say that no new
banks shall be organized unless they take all
bonds of four per cent. ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I apprehend nothing of
that kird.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If so, it will be
haul on the new banks as well as on the old.
Will the gentleman please have that specific
clause read ? I should like to hear the language
applicable to those banks.
Mr. SOHEN'CJi. The clause is as follows :
That from and after Uio passage of this act the
Treasorerof theUnited States shall receive no other
than registered bonds, issued under the provisions
of this act, as security for circulating notes of
national bank associations issued under the aot
entitled "An act to provide a national currency by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3,1864, and any act supplementary to or amend-
atory thereof.
Now, if the banks take fours that is a com-
pliance with the law. If they present four
and a balfs or fives that will be a compliance
with the law, and the Treasurer will be bound
to accept them. If, as has been suggested,
the fours are likely all to get out, and the banks
are driven to use them, no great harm will be
done; I should be glad of it. But I apprehend
myself that the fives and four and a halfs are
just as likely to get out, and rather more so.
And I trust, under the policy to be pursued,
they will get out. Whatever the banks may
purchase upon the market, whether fours, four
and a balfs, or fives, they may compel the
Treasurer to receive; for the Treasurer is bound
to receive any of the bonds authorized to be
issued under this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the coun-
try ought to take note of what the gentleman
has just suggested. It is clear to me from the
reading of the clause that when a person buys
any of the three classes of bonds and presents
them at the Treasury they must be received,
and that it is notat the option of the Treasurer
to say which kind he shall accept. I think the
language of the section leaves it at the discre-
tion of the parties themselves.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope my explanation is
satisfactory to my colleague. I now yield a few
moments to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
JOPD.]
Mr. JUDD. I desire to call the attention
and the particular attention of the House to the
seventh section of this bill, so that they may
understand precisely what they are doing in
agreeing in this report of the conference com-
mittee. Now, the importance of the changes
that have been made in regard to the different
classes of bonds each member can test for
himself.
There is a five per cent, bond provided for,
for which half of one per cent, commission may
be paid in negotiation, entirely free from taxa-
tion of every kind, description, or character.
The question arises, "how much does the coun-
try save from the present six per cent, bond
by adopting such a bond as this?" But it was
not for that purpose I rose. It was to call
the attention of the House to the seventh sec-
tion of this bill, to show the gross injustice of
the manner in which this bill will operate. A
bill passed during the present session author-
izing the creation of some banking capital in
the South and West. Three hundred million
dollars of circulation is now held in the East
and in the center. To equalize matters, and
to give those portions of the country which do
not hold their due proportion of the circula-
tion a proper share, this Congress has author-
ized the issuing of new bank notes based on
the same terms as those notes which are issued
to the eastern and central portions of the coun-
try. This bill places it in the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to say that none of
those new banks shall be placed upon a par
with the banks now in existence, and to con-
tinue for all practical purposes the monopoly
of those banks in the currency of the country.
Suppose the Secretary of the Treasury, as
stated by the chairman ol the committee, elects
only to issue four per cent, bonds. I hold that
that is making adistinction between the existing
banks and those to be started hereafter that
ought not to be made if gentlemen desire to do
justice to the different portions of the country.
Now, it is no reply to this to say that the
same rule is applicable to the banks now in ex-
istence ; they have their bonds Sied. Those
are six per cent, bonds. This bill would in
effect destroy and prevent the execution of the
currency bill by retaining the monopoly that
now exists to the currency already in exist-
ence. I hope, sir, that the section, if it cannot
parliamentary be stricken out, will be re-
referred to the committee of conference with a
view of correcting that inequality. I am iu
favor of giving the Secretary of the Treasury a
funding law upon any reasonable terms, and let
him try his luck without expressing my opinion
as to what it may be. But while be is doing
that, while we are giving him power to under-
take to reduce our indebtedness, it is not right
or just that there should be put in his power
and in his hands an instrument that would crush
out and prevent the execution of the law that
Congress has passed in relation to the creation
of a new banking currency. The language of
the law relates to the currency act and all laws
supplemental and amendatory thereto. Now,
that term includes the act just passed by Con-
gress. If this distinction is to be made we
might as well wipe out that law, for it will
retain just as effectually the monopoly of this
currency that now exists. It gives no advantage
to these men who may be required at the will
of the Secretary of the Treasury to bank on the
four percent, bonds, and the same distinction
and discrimination is kept up if this section is
adopted. I hope the report will be recom-
mitted, with a view of expunging that section.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. By the language of
this bill the Secretary has no discretion what-
ever. It is the emphatic language of the law
that all banks hereafter organized shall bank
upon bonds issued under the provisions of this
law, which are four, four and a half, and five
per cent, bonds.
Mr. JUDD. In reply to my friend from
Ohio I would say that this discretion, whether
it shall be four, four and a half, or five per
cent, bonds, is with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Suppose he exercises that discretion by
saying, " I will issue only four percent, bonds?"
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. What I mean to
say is that there is an unfair discrimination
made by the law between banks not yet organ-
ized and those now organized.
Mr. JUDD. I was trying to urge that point
upon the House, the very position of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] I was trying to
urge upon the House the discrimination that
was made against that portion of the coun-
try that now absolutely demands an increased
circulation, that we have been trying for two
or three years to accomplish by congressional
legislation ; and now comes in a bill which,
if adopted, effectually destroys the virtue and
force of the enactment on that subject.
GEORGIA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] to yield
to me for a moment in order that I may ask a
committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for that pur-
pose, if it will not consume much time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask unanimous consent that a committee of
conference be requested on the disagreeing
votes of Uie two Houses on the Georgia bill.
Mr. ALLISON. Is that bill, with the Sen-
ate amendment, on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we had better go
to the Speaker's table after this report of the
committee of confesence shall have been dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its being taken up now?
Mr. ALLISON. I do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to suspend the rules for the purpose I
have indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope no objection will
be made.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Nofurtherobjection being made, a committee
of conference was ordered oa the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the
reconstruction of Georgia,
