672
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
41st Coxa 2d Sess.
Laws of the United StaUs.
may be issued by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and shall be a token of credit to any
United States official, and to the authorities
of any foreign Power for privileges enjoyed
under it.
Sec . 4. And be it further enacted, That, every
yacht visiting a foreign country under the pro-
visions of this act, shall, on its return to the
United States, make due entry at the custom-
house of the port at.which, on such return, it
shall arrive.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXXT.—An Act to provide for chang-
ing the Boundaries of Land Districts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentalioes of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to change and reestablish the
boundaries of land districts whenever, in his
opinion, the public interests will be subserved
thereby, without authority to increase the num-
ber of land offices or land districts.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXXV.—An Actto establish the West-
ern Judicial District of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That that portion of the
State of Wisconsin comprising the counties of
Jtloclc, Jefferson, Dane, Greene, Grant, Colum-
bia, Iowa, La Fayette, Sauk, liichland, Craw-
ford, Vernon, La Crosse, Monroe, Adams,
Juneau, Buffalo, Chippewa, Dunn, Clark,
Jackson, Kan Claire, Pepin, Marathon, Wood,
Pierce, Polk, Portage, St. Croix, Trempea-
leau, Douglass, Bat run, Burnett, Ashland, and
Bayfield, shall hereafter constitute a new judi-
cial district to be called the western district
of Wisconsin,and the circuit and districtcourts
of the United States Cor said western district
of Wisconsin shall be held at the city of Mad-
ison and at the city oC La Crosse, within said
district.
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted, That a
term of the circuit and district court of the
United States for said western district shall
be held at the city of Madison on the first
Monday of June, and at the city of La Crosse
on the iirsl Monday of December in each
jeiir.
Sno. I). And be it further enacted, That the
district of Wisconsin shall hereafter consist of
the counties of said State not named in this
act, and shall be called the eastern district of
Wisconsin; and circuit, and district courts of
the United States shall be held in said eastern
district, as follows: at, the city of Oshkosh on
the first Monday of July, and at the city of
Mi Iwaukee on the first Monday of January
and on the first Monday of October, in each
year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said circuit or district court for either of said
districts may, in its discretion, order special
terms, and order a grand or petit jury, or both,
to attend the same, by an order to be entered
ot record twenty (lays before the day at which
said special term shall be ordered to convene;
and said courts respectively at such special
terms shall have all the powers that they have
ill a regular term appointed bylaw: Provided,
however, That no special term of said circuit
court for either district shall be appointed
except by and with the concurrence and con-
sent of the circuit judge.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all
suits and other proceedings, of whatsoever
name or nature, now pending in the circuit or
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Wisconsin, shall be tried and disposed
ot in theeircuitanil district courts respectively,
for said eastern district as the same would have
been if this aet had not been passed, and for
that purpose jurisdiction is reserved to the said
courts in the said eastern district; and the clerks
of the circuit and district courts of the present
district of Wisconsin shall retain the records
and files of the said circuit and district courts
at the city of Milwaukee, and do and perform
all the duties appertaining to their said offices,
respectively, within the eastern district, except
as is hereinafter provided ; and all process
returnable to or proceedings noticed for any
term of the present circuit or district oourt
shall be deemed to be returnable to the next
term of said courts, respectively, in the said
eastern district, as fixed by this act.
Sec. G. Andbeit further enacted, That upon
application of any party to any suit or pro-
ceeding now pending in the present circuit or
districtcourts of the United States for thepres-
ent district of Wisconsin, which should have
been commenced in the proper court for the
western district if this act had been in force
at the time of the commencment thereof,
the proper court shall order that the same
be removed for further proceedings to the
proper court for said western district ; and
thereupon the clerk shall.transmit certified
copies of all the papers and of all orders made
therein to the clerk of the court to which said
suit or proceeding shall be removed, and all
further proceedings shall be had in said court
to which the same shall be removed as if said
suit or proceeding had originally been com-
menced therein.
Sko. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
passage of this act shall not have the effect to
destroy or impair the lien of any judgment or
decree rendered by the circuit or district court
ot the United States for the present district
of Wisconsin, prior to this act taking effect;
and final process on any judgment or decree
enteied in the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin, or
which shall ben [be] entered therein prior to
this act taking effect, and all other process
for the enforcement of any order of said courts,
respectively, in any cause or proceeding now
pending therein, except causes or proceed-
ings removed as herein provided, shall be
issued from and made returnable to the proper
court, for the eastern district of Wisconsin,
and may be directed to and executed by the
marshal of the United States for the said east-
ern district in any part of the State of Wis-
consin.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be appointed a district judge for
said western district of Wisconsin, who shall
receive an annual salary of three thousand
live hundred dollars; and there shall also be
appointed a marshal and district attorney of
the United States tor said western district of
Wisconsin, who shall respectively receive such
fees and compensation, and exercise such pow-
ers and perform such duties as are fixed and
enjoined by law.
Sec. U. And be it f urther enacted, That the
circuit and district judges shall appoint two
cleiks, each of whom shall be clerks both of the
circuit and distiiclcourts for said western dis-
trict, one of whom shall reside and keep his
office at the city of Madison, and the other
shall reside and keep his office at the city of
La Crosse, who shall receive the fees and com-
pensation for services performed by them,
respectively, now fixed by law.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
either of the clerks of the circuit and dis-
trict courts tor said western district is here-
by authorized under the direction of the dis-
trict judge of said western district to make
a transcript from any of the records, files, or
papers ot the district and circuit courts of the
United States remaining in the office of the
clerks in said eastern district, of all matters
and proceedings which relate to or concern
liens upon or titles to real estate situate in said
western district ; and for that purpose shall
have access to said records in the office of the
said clerks in said eastern district; and such
transcripts, when so made by either of said
clerks, shall be certified to be true and cor-
rect by the clerk making the same, and the
same when so made and certified shall be
evidence in all courts and places equally with
said originals.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall not affect the taking of the census in
the State of Wisconsin, in anno Domini eight-
een hundred and seventy; but the same shall
be had, made, and taken as though this act
had not been passed.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXXVL—An Aet to authorize the
Construction and Maintenance of a Bridge
across the Niagara River.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any bridge and its
appurtenances which shall be constructed
across the Niagara river, from the city of Buf-
falo, New York, to Canada, in pursuance of
the provisions of an aet of the Legislature of
the State of New York, entitled "An aet to
incorporate the International Bridge Com-
pany," passed April the seventeenth, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-seven, or of any
act or acts of said Legislature now in force,
amending the same, shall be lawful structures,
and shall be so held and taken, and are hereby
authorized to be constructed and maintained
as provided by said act and such amendments
thereto, anything in any law or laws of the
United States to the contrary notwithstand-
ing; and such bridge shall be, and is hereby,
declared to be an established post road for the
mails of the United States; but this act shall not
be construed tp authorize the construction of
any bridge which shall not permit the free nav-
igation of said river to substantially the same
extent as would be enjoyed under the provis-
ions of said act and the amendments thereto,
heretofore enacted and now in force: Pro-
vided, nevertheless, That the location of any
bridge, the construction of which is hereby
authorized, shall be subject to the approval of
the Secretary of War, but not to be located
south of Squaw Island : And provided further,
That such bridge shall have at least two draws
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in
width, in the clear between the piers, which
shall be located at the points best calculated
to accommodate the commerce of said river;
and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
to the current of said river.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
bridge herein named shall be subject, in its
construction, to the supervision of the Secre-
tary of War of the United States, to whom
the plans and specifications, relative to its
construction, shall be submitted for approval.
And all railway companies desiring to use the
said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same
and in the use of the machinery and fixtures
thereof and of all the approaches thereto,
under and upon such terms and conditions
as shall be piescribed by the district court of
the United States for the northern district of
New York, upon hearing the allegations and
proofs ot the parties, in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or ameud this act so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of the said liver, by the construc-
tion of the said bridge, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, June 30, 1870. 1
