3574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
rebellion and plunged the nation into civil
war, and for four years put forth its utmost
exertions to overthrow this noble and humane
Government. It thereby forfeited its legal right
to live, (for it never had a moral one,) and the
loyal people resolved that it must die. In the
bloody and desperate struggle it received its
death-wound and died like a traitor, as it was.
Thus, at last, has it expiated its treason with
its life, and the wrong against humanity which
it maintained has been wiped out. Every
humane and loyal heart should thank God that
this guilty monster has perished from our land.
May all its degrading influences and evil pas-
sions soon follow it to the grave, and in their
stead may naught be seen but brotherly love
and unity, culminating in national peace and
enduring prosperity.
Polygamy, the other " twin relic of barbar-
ism," still remains, and even openly denounces
the Government and defies its power. In 1862
Congress passed a law prohibiting polygamy
in the Territories, and making it a crime; but
the law is a dead letter, because the courts of
Utah have no power to enforce it. The bill
now under consideration is supplementary to
that law, and affords the means for its execu-
tion, and if both can be enforced polygamy
and other crimes in Utah must perish. It is
shocking to think that this infamous and de-
grading barbarism is practiced in an enlight-
ened aud Christian country, andalthoagh in but
one of its Territories, yet to an extent hardly
credible, while, more shameful still, its guilty
advocates publicly boast that they have violated
the law of Congress and will continue to do
so. Heretofore polygamy has been practiced
alone in heathen natious, where woman is re-
garded as an inferior being and a slave. The
Jew thanks his Maker for not having made him
a woman. The Moors do not allow women to
enter their places of worship; and Mohammed
denies that women have souls. The Turk
allows women to enter his heaven, but only
to minister to his passions and wants.
The heaven-bom Christian system inaugu-
rated a new civilization by proclaiming a uni-
versal brotherhood among men, making all
men and women the children of one God and
created for immortality. It overturned many
heathen doctrines and practices, and among
them that of polygamy, and elevated woman to
her equal and true dignity.
In face of the teachings of the Gospel and
the laws of nature, the " Latter-Day Saints" '
of Utah, or rather their leaders,- have insti-
tuted the barbarous and horrible practice of-
a plurality of wives. And to add to the blas-
phemy of the system it is done in the name of
the Lord. In this nineteenth century they have
reduced woman to the heathen and Jewish
standard. Foremost in the ranks of their op-
pressors stands Brigham Young,"president'of
the Mormon church and ruler of Utah. Fol-
lowing in the footsteps of Mohammed, he de-
clares that women have no souls ; that they are
not responsible beings ; that they cannot save
themselves or be saved except through'man's
intervention. To be saved a woman must be
"sealed" to a good man ; he can save her, or
if he does not her sins will be upon his head.
The Mormon church had its origin in the
vagaries ami lying deceits of Joseph Smith.
The "Book ot Mormon" was published in
1830. Mormon, it is pretended, was the most
noted prophet of the Nephites, a Hebrew col-
ony in North America, which came here about
600 B. C., and was destroyed by the Lamanites
about 400 A. D. The "golden plates," con-
taining the Book of Mormon, it is said, were
buried in Ontario county, New York, about
420 A. D.,and exhumed by Joseph Smith, jr., i
September 22, 1827. In reality the greater j
part was written by one Rev. Solomon Spauld- i
mg, between 1810 and 1812, as a romance, for '
the purpose of connecting the North American
Indians with the lost tribes of Israel. Smith j
8aw that here was his opportunity. He pre- ]
tended that he had found these "plate3," and i
that he had received revelations fromGod, John
the Baptist, Peter, and other apostles. The
fanaticism took root, and deluded men and
women followed him. Polygamy was no part
of their early Creed. Indeed, it was pointedly
condemned by the Mormon bible, concocted I
by this same Smith. There is no doubt, how-
ever, that it was practiced by him, nor that it
originated in the indulgence of his own baser
passions. While he was thus guilty of the
crime of polygamy he denied its existence in
the Mormon creed, and violently denounced j
those who advocated it, even to cutting men
off from the church for the iniquity of preach-
ing polygamy, and this many months after the
date of the pretended polygamous revelations. [
He finally lost his life for trying to persuade
the wife of Dr. Foster, atNauvoo, that it was
the will of God she should become his "spirit-,
ual" wife. This nefarious offer she confessed
to her husband. Foster exposed him, aud
Smith retaliated by destroying the property of
Foster. For this he was arrested and after-
ward shot in jail at Carthage, Illinois, by a
band of Missourians. If Brigham Young had
died at the same time it is probable polygamy
would not have beeti the gigantic crime it has ;
now become in Utah.
I have before stated that polygamy was no
part of the Mormon system of religion as
originally established. It was repudiated by
all Mormon writers and speakers previous tp
1852. Perley P. Pratt, one of the shining |
lights of this ridiculous system, who went to j
England to make converts, stated publicly iu j
Manchester, in 1846, speaking of the charge !
of polygamy against the church: I
"Such a doctrine is not held, known, or practiced
as a principle of the Latter-Day Saints. It is but
another name for whoredom."
This same reprobate has since been shot in
this country for stealing away another man's .
wife, he having several others at the same j
time. John Taylor, another prominent Mor-;
roon apostle, was charged with belief in this
doctrine, and in France, in 1850, denied that
it was any part of his own belief or that of
his church, and to prove his assertion read
from the book of Smith's revelations. At
the very time he made the denial he had four
wives in Utah, and was courting a girl in
France for another.
Polygamy was practiced by the leaders of
the Mormon church in Utah for several years
before they dared to avow it as a doctrine of
the church. Being far removed from civiliza-
tion, and having grown strong in numbers and
bold in crime, in A-ugust, 1852, at a meeting
it* Great Salt Lake City, Brigham Young an-
nounced and recommended this heathenish and
infamous practice. On that occasion Young
harangued his deluded hearers as follows:
"You heard Brother Pratt state this morning that
a revelation would be read this afternoon, which
was given previous to Joseph's death. It contains a
doctrine a small portion of the world is opposed to;
but I can deliver a propheoy upon it. Though that
doctrine has not been preached by the elders this
people have believed in it for years.
"The original copy of this revelation was burned
up. William Clayton was the man who wrote it
from the mouth of the prophet. In the mean time
it was in B".shop Whitney's possession. He wished the
privilege to copy it, which Brother Joseph granted.
Sister Emma (wife of Joseph Smith) burned the ori-
ginal. The reason I mention this is, because that
the people who did know of the revelation supposo
it was not now in existenoe.
" The revelation will be read to you. The princi-
ple spoken upon by Brother Pratt this morning we
believe in." *********
"Many Others are of the same mind. They are not i
ignorant of what we are doing in our locial capa- ,
city. They-have crifcd out, 'Proclaim it;' but it;
would not do a few years ago; everything mustcome •
in its time, as there is a time for all things. This rev-
elation has been in my possession many years, and
who has known it? None but those who should
know it. I keep a patent lock on my desk, and there ,
does not anything leak out that should not."
Was there ever such arrant, wicked hurabng-
gery passed off upon deluded mortals ? The '
pretended revelation was read at the close of
Young's sermon, and purports to have been
given to Joseph Smith July 12, 1843. It is
very lengthy, consisting of twenty-five sections I
or paragraphs. Those who feel any interest
in this device of lustful scoundrels can find it
in full in Burton's "City of the Saints," and
in various other publications. The whole is
a blasphemous jumble, calculated to bewilder
weak minds and enslave those who put their
faith in the wicked inventors. It pretends to
be a new law and covenant, and that he who
abides not by it shall be damned, &c.
Brigham Young is the great polygamist of
the world. He had at last accounts between
thirty and forty wives, and was searching for
others. Hi has married more than one since
the passage' of the anti-polygamy law in 1862.
One, at least, of his wives has died a raving
maniac, and his first and only lawful wife is
subject to fits of insanity. Mohammed had
only twenty-five, and left only one child, and
she died soon after. Heber C. Kimball, who
was at the time of his death the second man
in authority in the Mormon church, had over
twenty wives, and boasted that he had sev-
enty children. He was a gross, brutish being,
and his wives were treated worse than slaves.
The other leading men, many in number,
have from two to fifteen wives. It is esti-
mated that about one Bixth of the adult Mor-
mon males of Utah are practical polygamists.
Indeed, Utah is a perfect pandemonium of
debauchery and crime.
This practice, so revolting to the instincts of,
humanity, is only sustained by connecting it
with religious duty, by which means the ignor-
ant and deluded women who are enticed to
Utah are induced to embrace it. Under its
most inviting presentation it takes constant
and persistent preaching, threats, and appeals
to revelation to make them observe it. They
are told it is the only way they can be saved
and " exalted" in the world to come, and that
if they are true to this celestial law they will
be "queens" in heaven. Their fears and pas-
sions are thus excited, their love of glory
stimulated, and all the influences of education
and church authority are used, together witli
every devilish art of cunning men, in order to
force this revolting practice upon unwilling
minds. The women are first brutalized, and
their modesty destroyed by the coarse, low,
vulgar, and obscene talk of hoary-headed sin-
ners at public meetings and social gatherings-.
Despite all their efforts through sermons, rev-
elations, and other inventions, it appears nev-
ertheless that the women are restive under this
degrading slavery. The following extracts from
sermons officially published in their church
organ will show the condition of many women
in Utah, and the estimation in which they are
held by the leaders of this brutish system.
J. M. Grant, in a sermon delivered Septem-
ber 21,1856, reported in the Deseret News,
volume six, page 235, said:
" And we have women here who like everything
but the celestial law of God; and if they could would
break asunder the cable of the church of Christ.
There is scarcely a mother in Israel but would do it
this day. And they talk it to their husbands, to their
daughters, and to their neighbors, and say that they
have not seen a week's happiness since they becarno
acquainted with that law, or since their husbands
took a second wife. They want to break up the
church of God, and to break from their husbands
and from their family connections,"
On the same day, Brigham Young, in a ser-
mon reported in the same paper, said:
" Now for my proposition ; it is more particularly
for my sisters, as it is frequently happening that
women say that they are unhappy. Men wiil say,
'My wife, though an excellent woman, has not seen
a happy day since I took my second Wife.' No, not
a happy day for a year,' says one; and another has
not seen a happy day for five years. It is said that
women are tied down and abused; thatthey aremis-
used and have not the liberty they ought to have;
that many of them are wading through a flood ot
tears because of the conduct of some men, and their
own folly. fir
" I wish my women to understand that what i am
going to say is for them as well as for all others, and
I want those who are here to tell their sisters, yes.
all the women of this community, and then write it
back to the States, and do what you please with it.
I am going to give you from this time till the (ith day
of October lioxt for reflection that you may determ-
ine whether you wish to stay with your hasb in a* or
not; and then I amgoing to setevery woman at ho-
