374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
staples free, even though other countries might
share the advantage.
Though very urgent that the duty should be
taken off Canadian barley he makes no specific
recommendation as to the removal of duties
from the other cereals. He merely speaks of
the "extreme emergency" that can "justify
atax on the breadstuff's and food of a nation."
His argument in favor of free grain and pro-
visions from the provinces is enforced in this
wise:
" Coal is a necessity of life next in importance to
food; indeed, as both are in our climate absolutely
indispensable, it cannot be said that either is more
or less needful than the other, for life cannot be sus-
tained without both. The universally recognized
principle of taxation that a tax should bo taken
from what can be spared forbids the laying of a tax
uijonthat which is indispensable to rich and poor
alike."
A free translation of all which is, that as New
England has no coal and cannot raise her own
supply of grain and provisions, and can get both
cheaper from the British colonies than she can
from the prairies of the northwest or the coal
fields of Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, or
North Carolina, it is a crime against nature and
the British Government to lay duties on the
grain and provisions of the provinces.
Leaving the question of the propriety of re-
taining duties 011 grain, live stock, and provis-
ions to the consideration of gentlemen from
the West, I propose to examine what the Com-
missioner has to say on the subject of coal.
But before entering more fully upon this sub-
ject let me apply to grain and provisions the
argument he makes for free provincial coal,
associating them with it in his text, that we
may see whether it does not apply to them with
greater force in proportion as Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, and Kansas are more remote from
"the northeastern sea-board" than the coal-
fields of Virginia, North Carolina, Maryland,
and Pennsylvania:
" If the enhanced price paid by the consumer for his
coal," wheat, corn, or provisions, "in consequence
of the existence of this duty, wero all paid to the Penn-
sylvania miner " or western farmer "it would be, of
courso.greatinjustice; but theoountry would be none
the poorer because the law took money from one man
and gave it to another. But it happens that while
t ho consumer pays the increaso, the immediate pro-
ducer is not benefited, inasmuch as the whole en-
hanced prioo is expended in payingforthe transport-
ation of the coal," grain, or provision "to agrcatcr
d istance; i n other words, the payment is for unneces-
sary transportation, i. e., useless labor. Now, no
acquisition of skill can change this. It is fixed by
the laws of nature. To the end of time it will cost
more; i. e„ it will take more labor to bring every ton
of coal." «rain, or provisions "from western Pennsyl-
vania," Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, or
Kansas "across the Alleghany mountains" or the
lakes" to the northeastern sea-board than to bringit
irom Nova Scotia. So longasaduty makes it possible
(o brine coal," grain, or provisions "from the former
source, so long that unnecessary work will bo done;
bat the price does not represent a profit, but the cost
oi usoless labor."
Is not this argument conclusive? Does it
not prove that her Britannic Majesty's liege
subjects of the new Dominion should grow our
grain and stock, and grind our flour, as well
as mine our coal as long as their freedom from
our war debt will enable them to do it more
cheaply than we can? If this be not the con-
clusion to which it leads I hope some gentle-
man from a grain-growing or cattle-raising dis-
trict will show us why.
Mr. Wells does not like Pennsylvania, and
throughout his_ report ignores the essential
facts that Virginiaand North Carolina have tide- j
water coal-fields of better quality and greater >
extent than those of Nova Scotia, from which \
New England can be more cheaply supplied '
than from the provinces ; and that Maryland ;
sends more bituminous coal from her mountains '
to the' 'northern sea-board'' than Pennsylvania I
does or ever did. In this, however, he is as |
frank and truthful as in other respects. I
do not wonder that he dislikes the people of
Pennsylvania. By their persistent energy, as :
the letter of Thomas Firth & Son shows, they j
have so increased the supply and reduced the i
price of cast-steel as to seriously affect the !
profits of his Sheffield clients; and by the large
increase they are making of blast furnaces
threaten to enter the markets of the world at an
early day again st all England with pig-iron. Nor
do I forget that it was Pennsylvania Representa-
tives and economists that hastened to bring to
the attention of the country the equivocations,
duplicity, and falsehoods with which his last
annual report abounded.
Speaking of the duty 011 coal he says " it is
urged as a protective measure," and refers to
it as a " tax on fuel." This involves but two
misstatements of fact, namely, that the duty is
urged or levied for protection, and that it is a
tax on any American consumer of coal. N cither
of these allegations is true. The protectionists
of the country do not regard the question of
the duty on coal as a politico-economical ques-
tion, and the New York Tribune advocates its
repeal as a means of proving the absurdity of
the free trade argument. They do not urge it
as a protective, but as a revenue measure, and,
in view of the present condition of the prov-
inces, as eminently a political question. As a
political question it has great significance, as
every provincial exporter of coal knows ex-
perimentally that the duty is not paid by the
American consumer, but is deducted from the
extraordinary profits he would realize if the
duty were removed, and which he did realize
during the continuance of the reciprocity
treaty. As an economical or protective meas-
ure it is not worth consideration; as a revenue
measure it involves the receipt by the Treasury
of less than five hundred thousand dollars gold
annually, a comparatively small matter but of
some importance ; but it is as a political ques-
tion that it is most worthy of consideration.
As Mr. Wells and the free-trade league have
industriously promoted a general misapprehen-
sion of this subject I propose, as I have said,
to devote a few minutes to its elucidation.
I propose to show, first, that as an econom-
ical question it is not of sufficient importance to
deserve consideration. This can be done by
inviting attention to the relation of the total
amount of foreign coal imported from all
sources to the amount consumed in the north-
ern Atlantic States alone. Were the whole
amount involved it would not be sufficient to
affect the supply or price, as the grand total
imported from all countries on both coasts has
exceeded 000,000 tons in but three years, and
500,000 in but three others, and the con-
sumption of coal east of the Alleghany mount-
ains and north of the Potomac will be about
20,000,000 tons this year. What the con-
sumption is on the Pacific, where coal from
British Columbia was until within a few years
the sole dependence, I have no means of
making an accurate estimate. Whatever the
amount is it should be deducted from the total
in estimating the percentage of supply de-
rived by New England from Nova Scotia and
England; the balance, whatever it may be, is
assuredjy not sufficient to affect either the
price or supply.
But the question does not relate to the whole
of this balance, but only to so much as would
be the amount imported if the duty were off in
excess of that brought in under duty. As Eng-
lish coal has always been subject to duty we
have no means of ascertaining how much the
repeal of the duty might increase importation
from that country; but as her scientific men
have admonished her of the danger of exhaust-
ing her supplies of coal—and even Mr. Wells
agrees with recognized authorities in believing
that her production has reached its maximum—
and as she has more advantageous markets
nearer home, the repeal of the duty would not
probably affect perceptibly the importation
from that quarter.
_ How much the imposition of the duty on pro-
vincial coal has affected the total amount im-
ported we can ascertain, but unfortunately the
Treasury reports do not enableuS to distinguish
between the amount imported on either coast.
The Pacific States, as I have said, formerly
depended on British Columbia; but since the
opening of mines at Mont Diablo, Seattle, and
other points within our territory, the quantity
of provincial coal imported is said to be dimin-
ishing. But assuming that the whole amount
received on both coasts came from Nova Scotia
and was consumed in New England, the repeal
of the-treaty and imposition of the duty cannot
have had an appreciable effect on the price or
supply in the markets of that section, as will
appear from the facts I am about to submit.
The amount of provincial coal imported into
the country, on both coasts, has exceeded
400,000 tons in but two years ; and the largest
amount imported in any one year was 40191
tons, which was in 1865. With one other excep-
tion, that of 186G, when the amount reached
404,254 tons, the total import on both coasts
never reached 340,000. It is to be regretted
that the proportion of these amounts that went
into California and Oregon cannot be ascer-
tained. Could this be done it would make
the pretense that the duty on Nova Scotia coal
affects either the price or supply of coal in New
England so supremely absurd that Mr. Wells
himself would abandon it. But the sum in con-
troversy is less than this; it is the difference
between the average amount annually imported
free under the treaty and the amount which
comes to our markets and pays a duty of $1 25
per ton.
The duty, as I have said, came into effect on
the expiration of the treaty in March, 1866,
so that the year in which the largest amount
was imported was that immediately preceding
its repeal. I propose to ascertain the amount
about which this wide-spread controversy has
been raised, by contrasting the average import-
ation for the three last years of free coal under
the treaty, including that which so far exceeded
all others, with the three years immediately
succeeding the repeal of the treaty, during
which it paid $1 25 duty. During the last three
years in which it was free from duty the aver-
age annual importation was 355,490 tons, and
during the three succeeding years in which it
paid duty the average annual importation has
been 326,626, showing an annual difference of
but 31,864 tons. Surely no man with less
effrontery than Mr. Wells will say that the
deduction of 31,864 tons from one of many
sources from which a supply ranging at about
20,000,000 tons are derived can have affected
either the supply or price of the commodity.
But if we assume that one third of the import-
ation of provincial coal is upon 'the Pacific
coast—which I think we may safely do—v/e
will see how utterly inappreciable must be the
effect of the maintenance or repeal of the duty
on provincial coal.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, it must become appar-
ent that the maintenance of the duty is not, as
Mr. Wells asserts, "urged as a protective meas-
ure." Surely those who have the machinery
to bring 20,000,000 tons to market annually
need not shrink from the effect of a cause which
increases or diminishes the total amount twenty
or thirty thousand tons per annum.
1 propose next to show the falsity of Mr.
Wells's other proposition, namely, that this
duty is a tax on the consumer. Happily, this
is susceptible of demonstration. The Pictou
coal is of a lower grade, and consequently of
less value than the Cumberland coal of Mary-
land or the tide-water coal of Virginia. Its
price is always lower than these in any market.
The average price of Nova Scotia coal by cargo
at Boston per ton of 2,240 pounds during 1861,
the first year of the war, as shown by weekly
quotations in the Boston shipping-list and
price-current, was §4 07. It was then duly
free, and so continued for more than five years.
The war did not inflict greenbacks and an
inflated currency upon the coal operators of
Nova Scotia. It did not create an enormous
system of internal taxatioifto oppress them.
Their laborers were not tempted by patriotism
or offers of bounty, or taken by draft to the
battle-field to bleed and die for their coun-
try, as were those of the American operator.
