1686
USE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
instance. And the Senator from Vermont [Mr;
Edmunds] reminds me that residence ia a dis-
loyal State is prima facie evidence of disloy-
alty, which has to be removed by affirmative
evidence on the other side.
Now, if these claims are to be examined into,
I say they should be examined before a court
clothed with authority to probe them to the
bottom. That is the proper place to examine
them. I do not agree with the Senator from
California that committees of Congress are the
best bodies to examine claims. I unite with
him in his high regard for the chairman of the
Committee on Claims of this body. I believe
that no claim would pass that committee that
he did not examine carefully and with all the
means that he had before him; but it is an ex
parte case that is brought to him and we are
all liable to be imposed upon by ex parte cases.
Again, sir, committees of Congress have
not time to examine these cases. There are
thousands of them. It is impossible that they
should investigate them as they ought to be
investigated; and when they come into this
body we know how it is, very few of us not on
the particular committee have time to examine
into the facts of any of the cases of any of
these claimants.
But, sir, a court, whose entire business is
devoted to these examinations, will examine
them with more care. I am opposed to the
passage of the bill. 1 am not prepared in any
shape to allow those who resided in enemy
country to go somewhere with their claims
against the Government. I do not agree with
tho Senator from Massachusetts thut we are
going to pay these claims: and as to the limit-
ation of time in which tnese claims are to be
presented I would not give a snap of the finger
l'or it. What will it be worth?
When a claim comes to Congress the limita-
tion will be of no avail. In a court it is worth
something. If you send these parties before a
judicial tribunal such a statute of limitations
will bind the court; but it will not bind Con-
gress. They can repeal it at any moment and
will do sowhen a man for some reason or other
has not presented his claim within the time
limited by law. And when this is the case,
how long will it take Congress not to allow the
limitation to stand on the statute ? How long
does it take my friend from West Virginia [Mr.
Willet] to report a bill allowing a patentee
who has not been able to have his patent ex-
tended beyond the time allotted by law, where
his application has failed for any excusable rea-
son, to get another hearing and an extension?
And how long will it take, notwithstanding the
timethat has elapsed, when aclaimant has pre-
sented a just and fair case and a good reason
why the time should bo extended beyond the
limit?
Sir, there is no safety in that limitation upon
Congress. Upon a court there would be. I hope
that the bill will not pasB; but if it is to pass
I hope that the Senator from Wisconsin will
so change the frame of it as to refer these cases
to the Court of Claims. I think it is a safer
tribunal, not, however, because the judges are
better men. They are no better. I think, than
the Quartermaster General ana the Commis-
sary General: but I think they are just as good,
and I think tney are clothed with the machin-
ery which will enable them much better to
arrive at the facts and administer justice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Protidtd, That this aet (hall be construed to pro-
vide only for the examination of said claims, ana not
to create any obligation on the Government for their
payment.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not intend to speak
particularly upon the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Oregon, but to say a word in
reply to what the Senator from Illinois has said
in regard to the claims of persons living in the
disloyal districts. I have acquiesced in and
supported the legislation of Congress to which
he }i®8 referred, and at that titpe, and until all .
the States were represented here, I thought it
wise and judicious. But I do not know but
that the time has now come, these States being
restored, when their loyal citizens should have
the same privileges and the same rights that
loyal citizens of Illinois or Kansas have. I
know it is easy for us to get up here and say
that a citizen is committed to the fortune of his
State, and chargeable for the sins of his State,
and if his State went into rebellion he went
into rebellion. That would have sounded bet-
ter, however, several years ago than it does
now.
For my own part, I believe that there are as
deserving loyal people and loyal claims in the
southern States as there are in the northern
Stales. Not long since we hurried through
here a bill to pay some steamboat contractors,
and it applied wholly to the citizens of northern
States, when if the same claim had been pre-
sented by a citizen of a southern State it would
have gone into this immense vortex where we
have thrown th§ claims of all those citizens.
We passed a law shutting them away from the
Departments of this Government so that their
claims could not be adjudicated and paid. The
law of the 21st of February, 1867, by which all
these claims were debarred from being investi-
gated at the Departments, might have been very
well at that period, because it required time
and representations and delegations from those
States here to ascertain really who was loyal and
who was not; but the time has now couie to put
all on a level. If we are to keep up this constant
discrimination between loyal citizens of this
country living in one State and another, it is
only an evidenoe that this Union is not restored.
For my own part, I have not patience really to
consider an argument which is directed against
the loyal and earnest citizen of a State that
went into rebellion. I do not say that all who
now profess to be loyal were loyal then ; but
I do say that some of them were, and some of
them did all that any persons could do for their
Government and their country.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator if the discrimination is not made in
the first place on the presumption that those
living in the loyal States were loyal and those
living in the rebel States were rebels?
Mr. POMEROY. It is just as good a pre-
sumption in the States that were in rebellion
as it is in the States that did not go into rebel-
lion. Were all tho people in Illinois loyal?
Did we not have as bad a fire in the rear as
we bad in tho front; and were there not dis-
loyal persons living in New York, and Kansas,
and Illinois?
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator if he
does not think it would be easier to ascertain
in Illinois who were loyal and disloyal than it
would bo in Mississippi ?
Mr. POMEROY. I said that soon after the
rebellion, while we were passing these laws, it
was appropriate enough to wait; but the States
are now restored, or else our legislation is a
failure.
Mr._ STEWART. I ask now, if a case should
arise in Mississippi and one in Illinois, would
not tite Senator think that in the matter of pro-
curing testimony it would require a greater
degree of diligence to ascertain tho fact in
Mississippi than in Illinois?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; and so it would
require a greater amount of diligence to as-
cortain the condition of a man in Nevada than
in Illinois, because Nevada is a good way off,
and Nevada is not as easy of access to this city
as Illinois.
Mr. STEWART. _ That was not the propo-
sition. Take Virginia, near us, where the body
of the people were in rebellion; how are you
to establish tho fact of the loyalty of a person
there ? Would it not be easier in Pennsylvania,
in a loyal community, to ascertain and establish
a man's status than it would in Virginia?
Mr. POMEROY. This is no question of
ease ; it is not a question whether it is easy or
not, but it is a question of what are the rights
J, of men in Virginia and Illinois, and in the
| South and in this country ; and the time has
come when we must remember that these loyal
citizens are now the citizens of a restored
country; and to keepup this legislation of dis-
criminating against them is not only cruel, but
uuiust.
Mr. President, I protest against the doc
trine that obtains hers, that a man must be
held responsible for the condition of his State.
While it may have a technical and legal sig
nifieance, yet we must consider the question
of what is right and wrong. These cases are
presented to Congress on their equity, not on
their law; and when it comes to the question
of what is right and wrong between loyal citi
zens of the United States I do not hold that
a citizen is of necessity committed to the sins
of his State. He may be as loyal as any man
living on the continent anywhere, and yet have
lived all the time in a State that went into
rebellion. He has preserved his moral recti
tude ; and when it comes to a question of
equity his claims are just as good, and we ought
to say rather better than the claims of citizens
who lived in the North. When a loyal man in
the southern States did what he could, "an
gels could do no more." Are we to expect
that men will do more than they can? There
are instances in this country in the South wh r<;
men and women did all they could do for the
Government and the country during those
wasting, destructive years of the war; and
now we are to keep up this eternal discrim-
ination against them!
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Of course.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator puts this
upon grounds of right and wrong. Now, I ask
what he says of a case like this; it is not a sup-
posed case merely, because we know that great
numbers of such cases occurred: a person by
reason of his conspicuous loyalty, by reason
of his being a better friend even than his loyal
neighbors of the Government of the United
States, incurred the bitter hostility of the rebels
and was trampled out and his property de-
stroyed for that reason, he being paniahea with
especial severity because be was conspicuous
in his loyalty. As a question of right and
wrong, are we not to pay such a person as
much as his neighbors all about him, whose
fields may have been occupied by our soldiers,
whose funce-rails may have been burned up,
and whose corn may have been fed to the cav-
alry ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; the Senator has
made a good point.
Mr. CONKLING. Then yoa propose to
pay them, too?
Mr.POMEROY. This bill does not propose
to pay them.
Mr. CONKLING. Do yoa not propose to
pay them ?
Mr. POMEROY. I have not got to that.
That bill is not before the Senate. Whenever
that bill comes before the Senate and that ques-
tion is up it will be time enoagh to consider it.
This bill involves commissary and quartermas-
ter stores taken and used by our troops, and
sufficient unto the day will be the evil of that
question. I will conic to it, although I did not
intend to say five worda when I rose.
This legislation goes on the principle that we
are to pay loyal citizens of the United States
for supplies taken and used by our Army, where
ever they lived. It is simply repealing the
law of 21st February, 1807. That ia all the
effect it has. If yon will just bring in a law to
repeal that statute yoa ao not want this bill,
because that statute is the only statute which
bars them from going to theae departments to
have their claims adjudicated and paid. This
is another way of repealing it, because where
two statutes conflict with each other, the last
statute repeals the former whether it says so
or not.
Now, Mr. President, why should not this
bill pasa? If our Army took commiaaary and
