1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2mi
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the time
of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Shel-
don] will be extended. When others have
spoken so much longer than he, I think it
would be unjust to limit him to one half hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. The previous question
has been ordered and the closing hour is now
running. _ That is the only difficulty in regard
to extending anybody's time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that by
unanimous consent the time of the gentleman
from Louisiana be extended, the additional
time not to be counted as a part of the hour.
Mr. KERR. To that I make no objection
if the time allowed to me be extended in the
same proportion. I suppose the gentleman
would not favor any unfair distribution of the
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all; but
I think the sitting member ought to be allowed
more time.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the time is to be
extended it ought to be understood that a vote
is not to be taken to-night. Let us have that
understanding and then I shall have no objec-
tion to an extension of time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Locgh-
eidge in the chair.) How much additional
time does thegentleman from Louisiana desire ?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Five min-
utes, I think, will be sufficient.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection the gentleman's time will be
extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. PAINE. I think it well that, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of thegentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] we have an under-
standing as to whether the vote shall be taken
to-night or to-morrow morning.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is what I want.
I have no objection to an extension of time if
the vote is not to be taken to-night.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that the vote be
taken immediately after the morning hour to-
morrow.
Mr. FERRY. I would like to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact
that it was announced in the early part of this
discussion that the vote would not be taken
till to-morrow morning, and the vacant seats
around me are an evidence that many mem-
bers have absented themselves upon that under-
standing. To take a vote upon the question
to-night would, I think, be unfair to those gen-
tlemen who are now absent, and who wish to
put their votes upon the record.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope it may be under-
stood that the vote shall bo taken to-morrow
immediately after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection it will be the understanding that
the vote upon this question shall be taken im-
mediately after the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If there be a
morning hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. Or at the expiration
of the hour regularly assigned as the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to that arrangement; and
it will be so ordered. The gentleman from
Louisiana-will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have listened to the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldox] with a
great deal of pleasure; but as he is about to
resume his remarks I would like to call his
attention to a single point. Conceding the
truth of all that he charges, those facts, in my
view, clearly invalidate the whole election.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. That is your
opinion.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is what I want to see
iibout, The election, then, is invalidated, as
neither one can claim a legal majority.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Now, Mr.
Speaker, the second congressional district of
the State of Louisiana comprises the parishes
of Jefferson, St. Charles, St. John Baptist, St.
James, La Fourche, and Terre Bonne, and
five wards of the city of New Orleans. Reject-
ing the votes cast in the five wards of the
city of New Orleans, although thirty-two hun-
dred men in the parish of Jefferson were pre-
vented from voting by the Democracy, still
the votes cast gave me 1,783 majority. So,
then, you can do with Jefferson parish what
you please; it does not affect the result. '
The city of New Orleans is conceded to
have been in a state of violence such as I have
described. What is to be done with that ? I
admit if violence is done in the whole of a dis-
trict the election is a nullity in toto. I assert
that is good law, which must be applied in this
case. But if the violence is only partial or
local, then the election should be a nullity pro
tanto. That is the correct doctrine established
in this country.
And let me say, Mr. Speaker, that this
question of violence in elections is a matter of
recent growth in this country. No case arose
beyond fifteen years ago. I believe the first
was from the city of Baltimore. I say fur-
ther, sir, if men deny by violence the rights
of others, it is but just to say to them, " You
shall be denied yourselves what you have de-
nied to others." Thatisa just rule. Anil I
assert further that the peaceable people of five
parishes, composing that district, shall not be
put to the trouble and expense of voting over
again, because they happen to be yoke-fellows
with the city of New Orleans. Unless such a
principle prevails, and I desire the thoughtful
attention of every member of this House—if
you adopt the other principle, you allow a few
bad men in every locality to control an elec-
tion so as to suit themselves, or at least to de-
feat the wishes of the people. And no man
can escape the conclusion I draw. It is just
in law and just in morals. It is such a pre-
cedent as this country ought to establish.
I rest the whole legal question upon what I
have said. It is all that can be said on this
particular point. Why did not all the regis-
tered voters cast their ballots if they or any of
them desired to vote the Democratic ticket?
It would have been safe and popular to have
done so. Grant and Colfax were popular
candidates, and commanded the enthusiastic
support of all the Republicans of Louisiana,
and they would have been glad to have gone to
the polls and vote for them. Let it be remem-
bered, however, that the influence used to
prevent men from voting, sueh as violence and
outrage, will often induce weak men to vote on
the side of violence. This is all I desire to say.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Throwing out the votes
in this district in reference to which informal-
ity is claimed, does not the record show that
Mr. Hunt has more than one half of all the
legally registered votes?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. From his
own claim he lacks 3,158; on the returns of
the board of supervisors of registration he
lacks 7,600, and on the returns of the com-
missioners of elections he lacks 6,600.
Mr. RANDALL. Do not the verified returns
of the election show that while he received
19,840 votes, you only received 8,514?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. lie did not
get 19,000 votes.
Mr. RANDALL. The record shows it. It
shows that he received a large majority ot all
the registered votes cast.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The record
does not show it. On the contrary the record
shows that on Mr. Hunt's claim he was behind
3,158, and the commissioners' returns show
him to be behind 6,600 in round numbers.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the question for
us to decide here—who received the majority
of the legal votes cast at that election ?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I say there
were not 19,000 votes cast, nor 17,000 for the
contestant.
Mr. RANDALL. There is the record, and
it sustains what I have said. . .
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I appeal to
the records, and I challenge contradiction of
what I have stated.
Mr. STEVENSON. As I understand^ the
extension of the time of the gentleman from
Louisiana is not to -be counted out of the
hour.
Mr. KERR. And it was the understand-
ing also that my time should be extended;
Mr. STEVENSON. I now yield for five
minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the attention of the House for'five min-
utes to a statement of this case, as I under-
stand it. I gave a careful study of a few hours
to the case; and I believe that I can state in
five minutes what seem to me to be its merits.
I hold in my hand a map of the congres-
sional district represented here by my friend
from New Orleans. It consists of six country
parishes and five wards in the city of New
Orleans. According to the last census the
whole district outside of the city had one hun-
dred and fourteen thousand inhabitants; the
five wards of the city had ninety thousand
inhabitants, a majority of the population thus
being rural. It is not alleged that there was
any violence outside of these wards. There-
fore a majority of the population of the dis-
trict, and almost the whole of its territory, had
a peaceful election. There are thirty-six hun-
dred square miles in that district; thirty-five
hundred and ninety-seven square miles had a
peaceable election. In the three square miles
inside the city there was violence. Among
half of the population of the district and more
there was no violence. Among a little less
than half there was such violence, as is shown
by the testimony, as overawed and kept away
from the polls the Republican voters. This
is shown by the testimony of General Rousseau
and of Lee, corroborated by the testimony of
several others. For these reasons, on account
of the violence and bloodshed and murder
which characterized the proceedings, the vote
in the city of New Orleans was thrown out by
the canvassers, while the vote was counted in
all the peaceful districts outside. That is to say,
it was counted in ninety-nine hundredths of the
territory, and as regards a large majority of the
population; and the votes thus counted give to
Mr. Sheldon a clear majority. That is how the
case stands on the law of the matter. But the
whole district had voted in the spring election
which preceded this, and the district gave six
thousand Republican majority when there was
no violence. If, therefore, there had been no
violence Mr. Sheldon's majority would have
been heavier than it now is. But, throwing
out the disaffected and violent portions of the
district from the count, he has still a clear un-
doubted majority. That seems to be, in a nut-
shell, the whole case.
General Rousseau stated, as plainly appears
from the testimony, that if the Republicans
did not attempt to vote he thought he could
get through the day without trouble. ^ It is
stated over and over again in this testimony
that there were at least ten thousand armed
members of a secret society sworn to keep the
election in their hands, and that a reign of
disorder and murder prevailed for five whole
days before the election. The mere fact that
there was no bloodshed on the very day of the
election does not remove the fact that there was
a moral terrorism exercised to keep the Repub-
licans away from the polls—that this was real
and actual, and just as much vitiated the elec-
tion as if blood had flowed beside every ballot-
box of the city. For these reasons I can see
no good point that can be raised against the
legality and justice of the election, the propri-
etv of the report of the committee, and the
i l'i^ht of Mr. Sheldon to his seat.
• Mr POLAND. Will the gentleman allow
! me to ask him a question before he sits down?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
