1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5463
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, Mr. Fakns-
worth, and. Mr. Paike as the conferees on the
part of the House.
funding bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the committee of conference
on the funding bill.
Mr, SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] for ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I beg leave to say but a few
words in reference to this report. I de not
believe that the conference committee have
made this bill any better than it was when it
left the House. They have preserved many
of its bad features, and in my judgment have
added to it many others. They have not mod-
ified that portion of the bill which exempts
these bonds from taxation of all kinds. They
have increased the rate of interest proposed,
at least on a portion of the bonds, to four and
a half and to five per cent.
Now, I appeal to every gentleman in this
House, in the least interested in this matter,
whether it would not be wisest and best, if we
are to refund our debt, to make all the bonds
at the same rate of interest; to consolidate our
debt by the issue of only one kind of bond,
so that not only bankers, but the people may
understand precisely what they buy when they
invest in our securities? I think the capital
objection to this measure, and to all similar
measures which have been before the House,
but which was not an objection to the bill
originally reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, is that it proposes to make
three classes of bonds, and have the same
obnoxious feature of exemption from taxation
apply to them all.
And besides that, this report does not propose
to consolidate all our debt; it leaves a large
amount of our bonds yet to be consolidated, so
that we gain nothing by this proposed legisla-
tion in the way of fundingourwhole public debt
and enhancing the credit of this Government.
Now, so far as regards the original bill
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, I commended that bill in my humble
way, because there seemed to be no job in
it; there were no agents provided by it; no
particular favorites were provided for in that
bill; and when I opposed the Senate bill in my
place here, my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] said that the Committee
of Ways and Means had been so wise and dis-
creet as to strike out of the bill which they
reported the feature concerning the employ-
ment of agents, and I gave something of sup-
port to that, bill because there was no job in it.
But the second section of the bill embraced
in this report of the conference committee pro-
poses to appropriate a sum not exceeding one
half of one per cent, of the bonds herein author-
ized to pay the expenses of preparing, issuing,
advertising, and disposing of the same. Now,
I do not see any special limitation to that clause.
Who are to be the agents to be selected? How
are they to dispose of these bonds, at home or
abroad ? All of these matters should be fixed
in some definite way, with proper restrictions.
Already our Secretary of the Treasury, and I
may say the executive department, have ag-
grandized power enough in connection with
our fiscal system. One half of one per cent, on
$1,500,00(5,000, worth of bonds will amount,
according to my calculation, to $7,500,000.
This is the sum which is to be given out in
some way or other to the special favorites of
the Administration for the time being. I would
set no such precedent. We in this House have
passed no such proposition. The conference
committee have not, in my judgment, repre-
sented the views of the House of Representa-
tives in consenting to give this great power to
the Secretary of the Treasury, which may be
exercised for the advantage of his favorites.
These bonds will be disposed of abroad. We
are already under obligation to Europe to an
enormous extent. Mr. Commissioner Wells, in
a letter published in the New York Evening
Post the other day, says that the balance of
trade against us this year on thegold basis will
be $182,000,000, with only about $22,000,000
sent abroad to meet it. In this letter, which
is addressed to Mr. A. T. Stewart, Mr. Wells
asks, where can we make the balance to send to
Europe? We are becoming tributary to the
money lords of Frankfort. Our Administration
is not retrenching as it should ; we are not put-
ting down taxes as we should; we are not
encouraging production as we should ; although
I commend some gentlemen on the other side
for what they have done in this regard. The
balance of trade against us is growing greater
and greater. We are to meet this balance by
the exportation of these bonds.
I would limit the Treasury to four per cent,
bonds. I would authorize the employment of
no agents. I would save all that 1 could for
the people. I would, wherever possible, strike
off tariffs and taxes, reduce the balance of
trade against us, and thus prepare the way for
the only panacea for the financial and indus-
trial evils under which we are now suffering—
the gradual, honest, fair resumption of specie
payments. This, as gentlemen will discover,
is the only panacea for all our ills. I say to
gentlemen on both sides of the House that the
future will work with us. God will work with
us by His laws ; commerce will work with us,
and I trust both sides of the House, before the
lapse of two years, will work with us for the
resumption of specie payments, a return to the
legitimate, currency of commerce, the money
of the Constitution, and the only safe basis of
trade, banking, or currency.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,]
my colleague on the conference committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-
ber of the conference committee, I did not give
assent to this report. As 1 did not support the
bill as it was originally passed by the House,
and as the measure now presented is still more
objectionable to me, I cannot, of course, yield
my assent to it. I shall not now attempt to
enter into an argument as to the policy of at-
tempting to pass any such bill embodying the
principles of either the House or the Senate
bill. But while I accord to my associates on
the conference committee the merit of using
their most earn est efforts to maintain in the con-
ference with the Senate committee the features
of the House bill, it seems to me the committee
on the part of the House have yielded to the
Senate substantially all the questions that were
in dispute between them.
The original Senate bill provided for an issue
of three different classes of bonds, bearing in-
terest respectively at four, four and a half, and
five per cent. The House bill provided for con-
solidating our funded debt into bonds bearing
interest at four per cent. On this point the
peculiar features of the House bill have been
entirely yielded. It is true that the amount of
each class of bonds to be issued is different in
this report from the original proposition of the
Senate; but substantially the House has yielded
on this point, and I think erroneously.
If it be conceded that it is a matter of im-
portance that the entire character of our debt
should be changed by a funding bill I do not
agree with those who think it very important
that such a bill should be passed at this ses-
sion. But, Mr. Speaker, it is well known that
a great portion of the American people—I
think a great majority of them—believe that
the greater part of our present bonded debt,
the five-twenties, is legally and properly pay-
able in the lawful money of the united States;
that it was so provided in the laws which au-
thorized the issuance of these bonds; and,
although I know there has been an enactment
which was intended to pledge the American
people to recognize this as payable, both the
principal and interest, in gold, that act is not
binding any more than it is binding on the
bondholder. There was no consideration there-
unto moving—none passing to the American
people and none passing to the American Gov-
ernment, and it is liable to repeal at anytime,
while it does not change the character of that
indebtedness. That being the case, the five per
cent, bonds which are provided to be issued
in the place of them, payable, principal and
interest, in gold, and exempted from all taxa-
tion of every kind, is a bond of greater market-
able value and necessarily will be regarded as
worth more than any bonds heretofore author-
ized by the American Congress. I do not think
anything is to be lost, even if this debt is to be
funded, by a reissue of bonds binding us to
pay the principal and interest in gold at a
future time. 1 do not think anything is to be
gained by the passage of the bill at this time.
There is no earthly necessity for it. The credit
of the American Government is improving,
and even if it shall be the policy, as I do not
think it should be now, to change the character
of the indebtedness, the bonds provided in this
bill are not such as ought to be authorized.
Not concurring with the House in the pas-
sage of the original bill, for reasons stated by
several gentlemen at that time and intimated
by myself at this time, it would not be ex-
pected, as a matter of course, that I would give
my assent to the report; but I hold that the bill
as submitted now is objectionable for another
reason. It contains a feature not iu the House
bill; but, as stated by my colleague, itcontaiirs
independent legislation affecting the character
of the currency bill which passed the Hoaso
and the Senate a few days ago. I say tljat it
is traveling outside of fair legislation to ingraft
on this bill provisions affecting and indirectly
changing the entire character of legislation
already passed by both branches of Congress
after mature consideration of that question in
all its bearings. I did not give my assent, it
is true, to that bill; but then, if it had con-
tained the clause now referred to iu this bill,
it would have been more objectionable to me
than it was. This report of the committee of
conference provides m effect that those who
shall bank in the South and West under the
bill passed the other day shall do banking on
a different basis than that on which banking
is carried on in the East. While those m the
East carry on banking on a bond which pays
six per cent, interest in gold, those in the
Southwest and the West will be compelled,
under this bill, to organize by purchasing from
the Government bonds at par in gold, whether
they are worth that in the market or not, bear-
ing only four per cent, interest. There can,
I think, be no good reason for this discrimina-
tion. I merely make the suggestion, and will
not now attempt to discuss the point.
Mr. Speaker, I will only add, in conclusion,
that I do not think there is any urgent neces-
sity for the passage of either bill, th<s Senate
or the House bill. The House bill, however,
as it originally passed, is preferable to that
reported from the conference committee. I do
not believe there will be any great injury to the
country if the bill should fail entirely. I know
so far as my colleagues on the conference com-
mittee are concerned that their judgment was
very decided in favor of the bill as it passed
the House, and they held out long before they
yielded to the demands of the Senate. 1 think
it would be better for the House, better for the
country, better for all legitimate interests, if
our debt is to be funded hereafter, that this bill
should entirely fail and no legislation whatever-
take place on this subject by this Congress, than
that the demands of the Senate should be
yielded to on the part of the House. I hope
that the report will not be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. Eighteen minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to demand the
previous question now, and then yield to fte
gentlemen who wish to speak in the hour
allotted to me for closing debat?,
