1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Nor did all these causes combine to make an
increase of wages necessary to the support of
the laborer and his family. No, sir; their
wages remained as before, or were reduced by
the fact that thousands of able-bodied sympa-
thizers with the rebellion sought safety and
employment in the provinces; and British emi-
gration, that but for the war would have come
to us, flowed in upon them. Our emigration
which for the six years preceding the war had
exceeded an average of 140,000, fell off to less
than 92,000 in each of the years 1801 and 1802,
although the emigration from Liverpool to
America was not diminished during these years;
while therefore we suffered for the want of labor,
it was from these causes for a time redundant
in the provinces. All the conditions were such
as to enable the provincial operators to produce
and sell coal cheaper during the war than they
had done before. Rut was the price in Boston
regulated by its cost? No, prices never are;
it depended on our necessities, and followed
the price of American coal. Thus the average
price in 1862, as shown by the authority I have
already quoted, was $5 60; in 1863, $7 40;
in 1864, $10 40; in 1865, $9 60. In March
of the next year the treaty expired, and it
became subject to duty, and according to Mr.
Wells's theory must have gone up Si 25, or to
$10 85 per ton. But in this case his theory is
in conflict with the facts, as it is so frequently,
for in that year coal sold, duty paid, at §8 54,
netting the exporter and foreign carrier but
$7 29, and in 1869 it gave them forty-four cents
less, having averaged but $810; and in 1868 it
averaged $8 16, so that in each and every year
it bore the same relation to Cumberland coal
that it has always borne since the latter was
introduced to the New England market about
twenty years ago, and sold at about a dollar
a ton lower.
These facts, in my judgment, prove two
things; one of which is that the Acadian coal
operators do not send us coal as a benevolent,
but as a commercial operation, out of which
they make all they can at the prices current in
our market; and the other is, that they can
afford to pay the duty and make a living profit
b^ selling us the very limited amount they can
mine at the rates current in our markets. In
this they obey the law which is now teaching
our western producers of grain by a most pain-
ful lesson the importance of a home market;
that is, that he who has to carry his commodi-
ties to a distant market must pay all the charges
thereon, while he whose goods are sought by
customers fixes his own prices and makes the
purchaser pay all charges. '
It thus becomes apparent that the repeal of
the duty on coal would not reduce the price of
that article in New England one cent, per ton
or increase the amount brought to market
appreciably; its only effect would be to take
from the Treasury an average of from four to
five hundred thousand dollars in gold annually
and give it to the colonists as a reward for
remaining contented subjects of her Britannic
majesty; a proposition at which my patriotism
revolts, though it be ever so earnestly recom-
mended by Mr. Commissioner Wells.
HOW THE SOUTH SHOULD DXVEBSIFY ITS INDUSTRY.
I think I have sufficiently disclosed the de-
votion of our Special Commissioner of Rev-
enue to the interests of England; but I cannot
refrain from inviting the attention of gentlemen
from the South to the treacherous suggestions he
otters them on the subject of the proper means
of diversifying their industry. On this subject
he says:
"Tho large amount of capital thus becoming annu-
ally available at the South will undoubtedly seek in
groat part investment in domestic and local enter-
prises and speedily lead to the establishment of man-
ufactures on an extensive scale. The truo diversity
of employment which results from freedom has now,
therefore, become to the South for the first time pos-
sible; and southern capital can soon be advantage-
ously applied to the manufacture of agricultural
tools and implements, leather, wagons, wooden-ware,
soap, starch, clothing, and similar articles. These
aro manufactures in which iron, steel, and cloth are.
raw materials. They employ the largest amount of
labor in proportion to product and capital and war-
rant the payment of high wages. On the other hand,
what are commonly called manufactures, namely, iron
and steel, and cotton and woolen cloth, are examples of
concentration. They require large capital, employ but
. few hands, and would naturally come much later. TTe
already have in .the United, States an excess of cotton
and woolen spindles, and to invest capital in more would
be simply a waste when there are vast needs at the South
requiring far less capital and warranting much greater
compensation for labor than can belaid in textile fab-
rics."
Most of the southern States abound in coal,
varieties of iron ore of very high quality, lime-
stone, and water-power. Inaccessible as their
interior districts are from the sea-board, freight
adds heavily to the cost of iron purchased either
from the Atlantic States or England. They
need preeminently among the States of the
Union an extension of railroads and the estab-
lishment of founderies, rolling-mills, locomo-
tive works, and machine-shops. The primary
prerequisite to the ample development of the
great resources of the southern States is an
adequate supply of cheap iron and the means
of shaping it for use. They have few skilled
laborers, and the manufacture of pig-iron and
the rolling of rails require but comparatively
few skilled men. The digging and hauling
of coal, ore, and limestone require no special
preparation. _ It is work for the unskilled
laborer at which freedmen can succeed, and
they are therefore in a condition to engage in
the production of this article of primary im-
portance, though they may not have the trained
artisansfor the introduction of simpler branches
of mechanics.
The cotton-growing portion of the United
States is the proper locality for cotton facto-
ries. The South can spin yarn and produce
unbleached fabrics at from fifteen to twenty
per cent, less than the same work can be done
in New England, and cheaper even than it can
be done by the underpaid laborers of Great
Britain. Will gentlemen from the South con-
sider that what the picking-room is to the
English or northern factory the gin-room is to
the factory near the cotton-field, and that all
charges incurred between the two would be
saved by the southern manufacturer ? Before
cotton reaches either New or Old England it
must be pressed and baled and hooped and
marked and transported, losing interest and
paying freight and commission, at each stage
of the transportation; and when it has arrived
at the threshold of the distant factory it must
be freed from its hoops, stripped of its bagging,
and put through the processes of the picking-
room to restore it with as little damage as pos-
sible to the condition in which it was when it
left the gin. From all these cha-rges the manu-
facturer in the cotton district is free; and to-
gether they amount to what would be a profit
which in connection with the improvement in
quality from the use of the unbroken fiber he
would use would enable him to spin yarns for
all the northern States and England too.
But this would hurt the English cotton-spin-
ner; this would advance the interests of the
United States to the detriment of England, as
would the establishment in the midst of the
coal and iron fields of Virginia Tennessee,
Arkansas, Alabama, and Georgia of furnaces,
founderies, rolling-mills, and steel-works. For-
tunately, the people of the South are deeply
impressed with the importance of the early
introduction of these branches of manufac-
tures ; and among the sixty-five furnaces erected
during the last year four are in Virginia, six in
Missouri, three in Kentucky, one in Georgia,
two in Alabama, and one in Tennessee. It is
not, therefore, probable that very general heed
will be given by the people of the South to the
advice offered by Mr. Wells, or that they will
abandon the hope of exporting their cotton in
yarn and fabrics, the manufacture of which will
give employment to and improve the condition
of their now unemployed men, women, and
children, or will forego the privilege of an ade-
quate supply of good and cheap iron manu-
factured in their midst, in order to turn their
attention to making " wooden-ware, soap,
starch, clothing and similar articles." They
will not, I apprehend, be willing to forego their
greatest source of profit in order to oblige him
by permitting England still to retain her su-
premacy as the cotton-spinner and principal
iron manufacturer of the world.
WHAT TAXES SHOULD BE REPEALED.
Mr. Chairman, permit me to reiterate the
fact that duties which serve to develop the
resources of a country and cheapen commodi-
ties, by inducing home competition, the diver-
sification of labor and the opening of new
sources of employment, and increase the gen-
eral stock produced, are not taxes even though
they fail to reduce immediately the price of
the commodity on which they are imposed, as
adequate duties, on cast-steel and Bessemer
rails have done. They are during the interim
the price paid for establishing the commercial
and political independence of the country; or
may rather be regarded as a temporary advance
to be reimbursed in the near future by pro-
ducing a sense of national security, a wider
field of profitable employment for the people
at large, and an adequate and cheaper sup-
ply of better goods through the long future.
But such is not the case with all duties.
There are duties that are taxes and must re-
main so forever, or into that far future whose
possibilities we cannot foresee. Such are duties
imposed on commodities which we do not and
cannot produce, but which enter into the daily
life of the people, either directly as food, or $s
the raw material of articles we are producing in
competition with countries whose laborers re-
ceive not a moiety of the wages paid for the same
work in this country, and which are necessary
for the support of a family whose children are
to be educated for future citizenship. We raise
no tea or coffee, and theduty oftwenty-five cents
a pound on tea, which is at the rate of seventy-
eight and a half per cent, on the cost of our
whole importation for 1868, and of five cents a
pound on coffee, or at the rate of forty-seven
and a half per cent, on the importation of 1868,
are taxes—purely and simply taxes. Yet the
Commissioner does not propose to repeal or
abate these, and why should he? Neither
England nor her North American colonies
produce tea or coffee. Not only does he not
propose to repeal these taxes now, but in his
" schedule of a tariff constructed with a view
of obtaining from the smallest number of im-
ported articles an annual revenue of $150,-
000,000" he retains them both and proposes
to raise $22,000,000 a year from them, namely,
$12,000,000 from coffee and $10,000,000 from
tea. We now impose a duty of fifteen cents
a pound on pepper. As wo grow no pepper,
this is a tax—a tax at the rate of two hundred
and ninety-seven per cent, on the entire im-
portation l'or 1868, and which extracted from
the people in that year $792,490 45. The like
duty on allspice is a tax. It is at the rate of
three hundred and seventy-six and a half
per cent,, and drew from the people in 1868
§142,981 50. These duties and many scores
of such that I could indicate are all taxes, as
they stimulate no industry, but tax the food
of the laborer; but they do not move ithe
sympathies of the Commissioner. He does
not propose to repeal them, for the articles
they burden are not produced in England or
her North American colonies. They were im-
posed as revenue measures during a great war,
and have been cheerfully endured by a patriotic
people, but they increase the cost of living,
operate as a burden on our laboring people,
and should be repealed at the earliest day the
financial condition of the country will permit
Mr. Chairman, there are other taxes, of some
of which the people justly complain—taxes that
burden our labor, consume the profits of capi-
tal, and paralyze the energy of the most enter-
prising among us. They add to the cost oi our
gas and of our travel, whether by railroad, stage,
or steamboat. We cannot draw our own money
from bank or make a payment to our creditor
without feeling them. They touch and prick us
