1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
Laios of the United States.
41st Cons....2d S
Ciiap. CLXXVII.—An Act to amend an Act !
entitled "An Act to establish a Uniform
System of Bankruptcy throughout the Uni-
ted States," approved March 2, 1867.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep■ \
resentativesofthe UniteA States of America in >
Congress assembled, That the jurisdiction con- j
ferred upon the supreme courts of the Terri- j
tories by the act to which this is in amendment I
may be exercised, upon petitions regularly filed !
in that court, by either of the justices thereof j
while holding the district court in the district i
in which the petitioner or the alleged bankrupt |
resides, and said several supreme courts shall j
have the same supervisory jurisdiction overall !
acts and decisions of each justice thereof as is
conferred upon the circuit courts of the United
States over proceedings in the district courts
of the United States by the second section of
said act.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatin case
of a vacancy in the office of district judge in any
district, or in case any district judge shall, from
sickness, absence, oi other disability, be unable
io act, the circuit judge of the ciicuit in which
such district isineluded may tnake, duringsuch
disability, or vacancy, all necessary rules and
orders preparatory to the final hearing of all
causes in bankruptcy, and cause the same to be
entered or issued, as the case may require, by
the clerk of the district court.
Approved, June SO, 1870.
seamen, and marines disabled in ihe military
| or naval service of the United States, as fully
! as the same are provided for in the acts approved
July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixt.y-
two, Julytwenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, in so far as the said
acts relate to artificial limbs and to transport-
ation for procuring said limbs.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
Chap. CLXXVTII.—An Act concerning the
District Court of the United States for the
District of Iowa.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Iowa, judicial dis-
trict of the district court of the United States
is hereby further subdivided, namely: the
counties of Lyon, Osceola, Sioux, O'Brien,
Plymouth, Cherokee, Woodbury, Ida, Monona,
Crawford, Harrison, Shelby, Audubon, Potta-
watomie, Cass, Mills, Montgomery, Fremont,
and Page, now belonging to the western divis-
ion of the said district court, shall constitute
a new division, to be called the western divis-
ion ; and the division heretofore denominated
the western division, with the exception of the
counties above named, shall be hereafter denom-
inated the central division.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, 'J'hattwo
regular terms of said court shall be held annu-
ally in the new western district, at Council
Bluffs, to commence on the third Tuesday'of
January and third Tuesday in Julyin each year
from the passage of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the several acts of Congress reg-
ulating the courts of the several divisions as
heretofore organized shall, as far as the same
are applicable, apply to the courts of the said
district, under the" present division.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
judge of the said district courtshall have power
to make such rules and orders as may be neces-
sary to carry into effect the changes provided
for in this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nil
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this act
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act supplementary to
" An Act to provide for furnishing Artificial
Limbs to Disabled Soldiers/'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the benefits of the
act approved June seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, entitled An act to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers," shall be extended to all officers, soldiers,
41st Coitg. 2d Sess.'—No. 43.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act to require the hold-
ing of Additional District and Circuit Courts
of the United States in the District of Indi-
ana, and for other purposes.
Beit enactcd by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
terms of the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Indiana, now
required by law to be held at the city of Indi
anapolis, terms of the said courts shall here-
after he held at the city of New Albany, com-
mencing on the first Mondays of January and
July of each year, and at the city of Evans-
ville, commencing on the first Mondays of Feb-
ruary and August in each year.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That, if
neither of the judges of said courts be present
at the time for opening court, the clerk may
open and adjourn the court lroin day to day
for four days ; and if the judge does not appear
by two o'clock postmeridian of the fourth day,
the clerk shall adjourn the court to the next
stated term. But either the circuit or district
judge, by written order to the clerk within the
first three days of his term, may adjourn court
to a future day within thirty days of the first
day, of which adjournment the clerk shall give
notice by posting a copy of said order on the
front door of the court-house where the court
is to beheld ; and the district judge, and iuhis
absence the circuit judge, may order a special
term of the circuit court, designated in a sim-
ilar order, to he published in a similar manner,
and in one or more newspapers in the place
where the court is held ; and by said order the
judge may prescribe the duties of the officers
of the court in summoning juries, and in the
performance of other acts necessary for the
holdingof such special term ; or the court may,
by its order, after it is opened, prescribe the
duties of its officers, and the mode of proceed-
ing, and any of the details thereof.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsueh
number of jurors shall be summoned by the
marshal at every term of the circuit and dis-
trict courts, respectively, as may have bpen
ordered of record at the previous term ; and in
case there is not a sufficient number of jurors
in attendance at any term, the court may order
such number to be summoned as, in its judg-
ment, may be deemed necessary to transact
the business of the court. And a grand jury
may be summoned to attend every term of the ,
I circuit or district court by order of court. The !
j marshal may summon jurors or talesmen, in
i case of a deficiency, pursuant to an order ot
I court made during tbe term; and they shall
; serve for such time as the court may direct.
| Sec. i. And be it further enacted, That a
i special term of any district, court may be held
1 at any time that the district judge may order,
! by giving notice thereof on the front door of
| the court-house where the court is to be held,
I and in some one or more newspapers, if there
' be any at the place.
I Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
i district judge may adjourn the court from time
! to time to suit the convenience of litigants and
j to meet the necessities of the business; and
i the intervention ot a term of a district or cir-
I cuit court at, another place shall not preclude
' the power to adjourn over to a future day.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
terms of the circuit and district courts shalt
not be limited to any particular number of
days, nor shall it be necessary to adjourn by
reason of the intervention of a term of the
court elsewhere; but the business of the courts
at two places may proceed, there being a judge
present at each place, or the court intervening
may be adjourned over, as herein provided,
till the business of the court in session is con-
cluded.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
marshal of said district, in person or by assist-
ant, and the clerk of said courts for the district
aforesaid, in person or by deputy, shall attend,
the said courts when in session at Evansville
or New Albany. The clerks of district and
circuit courts of the United States are hereby
empowered to appoint such deputy clerk8 as
maybe necessary for the efficient, performance
of their duties; hut such deputies shall take
the same oath required by law to be taken by
the clerks, and the court may in its discretion
require any such deputy to give bond to the
United States for the faithful discharge of his
duties as such deputy in the same penalty
required of the clerk and with surety in like
manner, and such bond shall be recorded and
preserved in like manner: Provided, however,
That, the taking of such bond shall in no manner
affect the legal responsibility of the clerk for
the acts of such deputy: And provided further,
That said additional courts shall not be held
as aforesaid at the places aforesaid until the
board ot" commissioners of the counties in
which said cities of New Albany and Evans-
ville are respectively situated shall have agreed,
by orders in due form entered upon their records
respectively, that said board, in each county
aforesaid, will supply, without any charge what-
ever against the United States, suitable court-
rooms in which to hold said additional terms
of said court; and said court shall not be held
if such rooms are not so provided; and duly
authenticated copies of said orders shall he
filed in tbe office of the clerk of tb« district
courts aforesaid at Indianapolis.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
Chap. CLXXX1.—An Act giving Priority to
certain Cases to which a State is a Party in
the Courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That in all suits and
actions either at law or in chancery, now
pending, or that may hereafter be brought in
any of ihe courts of the United States, whether
original suits in the courts of the United States
or brought into said courts by appeal, writ of
error, or removal from any State court, wherein
a State is a party, or where the execution of
the revenue laws of any State maybe enjoined
or stayed by judicial order or process, it shall
be the duty of any court in which such cauae
n^ay be pending, on sufficient reason shown,
to give such cause the preference and priority
over all other civil causes pending in such
court between private parties. And the State,
or the party claiming under the laws of the
State, the execution of whose levenue laws i"j
enjoined or suspended, shall have a right to
have such cause heard at any time after such
cause is docketed in such court, in preference
to any other civil cause pending in such court
between private'parties.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
Ciiap. CLXXXV.—An Act to regulate the For
eign and Coasting Trade on the northeri,,
northeastern, and northwestern Frontiersr>i
the United States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the master of every
vessel enrolled or licensed to engage in tbe
