1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3575
erty, M"i say to them, * Now. go your way, my women
with the rest; go your way.' And my wives nave got
to do one of two things, either round up tboir shoul-
ders to endure tko afflictions of this world and live
their religion, that is, polygamy, or they may leave,
for I will not have them about me. I will go into ,
heaven alone rather than have scratching ana fight- !
ing around me. I will set all at liberty. i
"Let every man thus treat his wives, keeping i
raiment enough to clothe bis body, and say to your
wives,' Take all I have and be set at liberty; but if
you stay with mo, you shall comply with the law of
God, and that, too, without any murmuring or whin-
ing. You must fulfill the law of God in every re-
spect, and round up your shoulders to walk up to ,
the mark without any grunting.' >
" Sisters, I am not joking. I do not throw out my
proposition to banter your feelings, to see whether
you will leave your husbands, all or any of you. But
I do know that there is no cessation to the everlast-
ingwhiningsof many of the women in this Territory.
And if the women will turn from the commandments
of God and continue to despise the order of Heaven,
I will pray that the curso of the Almighty may be
close to their heels, and that it may follow them all
the day lon§. Aud those that enter into it and are
faithful. I will promise them that they shall be queens
in heaven and rulers to all eternity."
Things must have come to a terrible pass !
when even a piophet would be bold enough to
lecture hia thirty or forty wives and thousands
of others at this rate. They might go, but the
curse of the Almighty was to follow them if j
they did. If they stayed they must abide in
their unhappy degradation. They could not }
go if they wouW, for they are bound slaves,
and away from any protector save Him who j
rules above. j
Heber C. Kimball, in a discourse delivered :
in the tabernacle, November 9, 1850, said : ■
"I have no wife orchild that has any right to rebel
against me. If they violate my laws and rebel .
against me they will get into trouble just as quickly
as though they transgressed tho counsels and teach-
ings of Brother Brigham. Does it give a woman a
right to sin against me because she is my wife ? No,
but it is her duty to do my will as I do the will of my
Father and my God. It is the duty of woman to be
obedient to her husband, and unless she is, I would
not give adamafor all her queenly right and author-
ity, nor for her either, if she will quarrel and lie
about the work of God and the principle of plurality." ,
In October, 1855, (volume five, page 274,) j
Kimball said: i
"If you oppose any of the works of God you will
cultivate the spirit of apostasy. If you oppose what
is called the spiritual-wife doctrines, the patri-
archal order, which is of God, that course will corrode j
you with apostasy, and you will go overboard. (By '
Mormon law apostasy is punishable with death,)
The principle of plurality of wives never will be
done away, although some sisters, have had revela-
tions that when this time passes, and they go through
the vale, every woman will have a husband to her-
self. I wish more of our young men would take to
themselves wives of the daughters of Zion, and not
wait for us old men to take them all. Go ahead upon
the right principle, young gentlemen, and God bless
you forever and over, and make you fruitful, that
we may fill the mountains, and then the earth, with
righteous inhabitants."
This same brute often called his wives " my
cows." One more extract from this leper and
I will turn from him with loathing and disgust.
In a long discourse, delivered in the Taber-
nacle, in April, 1857, he said:
" I would not be afraid to promise a man who is sixty
years of age, if he will take the counsel of Brother
Brigham and his brethren, he will renew his age. I
have noticed that a man who has but one wife and is
inclined to that doctrine soon begins to wither and dry
up, while a man who goes into plurality looks fresh,
young, and sprightly. AV^hy is this? Because God
loves that man, and becauselle honors His work and
word. Some of you may not believe this, but I not
only believe it, but I also know it. For a man of God
to be confined to one woman is small business, for it
is as much sis we can do now to bear up under tho
burdens we have to carry, and I do not know what
we should do if wc had only one woman apiece."
I blush to utter such stuff in this Chamber,
and sicken at the recital; but knowing as I do
that the Christiau men and women of this
country are ignorant of the depths of cruelty
and wickedness practiced by the leaders of this
monstrous fraud and delusion I feel bound to
hold it up in its hideous deformity, though its
worst features cannot be exhibited here. "Oh,
Religion! what crimes are perpetrated in thy
nainel"
Such is the Mormon idea of woman and
of the marriage alliance. Woman is regarded
us an inferior, soulless being, created for
man's convenience and passions, and mar-
riage but another name for licentiousness.
By all Christian nations woman is regarded
as the equal and companion of man, and the
contract of marriage, by which man and
woman are conjoined in the strictest society
for life, is regarded as the most ancient, the
most sacred, the most important, and the
most interesting of the domestic relations.
It is designated as a civil contract, but it dif-
fers in several points from all other civil con-
tracts ; and chiefly in this, that it is indisso-
luble at the volition of the parties. It is also
deemed a divine contract, having been so con-
stituted by the circumstances of its original
institution in the case of our first parents, and
by the fact of its subsequent elevation into the
character of a symbol, or type, emblematical
of the union of Christ and His church. Polyg-
amy degrades and destroys this beautiful and
divine relation, aud makes woman a wretched,
homeless being. It corrupts the public mor-
als, debases physical manhood—its wages, like
all other sins, being death.
I will let John Hyde, jr., formerly a Mormon
elder and resident of Stilt Lake City, who has
renounced Mormonism and written a very able
and truthful book on the subject, describe a
Mormon home and the effects of polygamy.
He says:
"The Mormon polygamist has no home. Some
have their wives lotted off by pairs in small discon-
nected houses, like a row of out-houses. Some have
long low houses, and, taking a new wife, build a new
room on to them, so that their rooms look like rows
of stalls in a cow-barn 1 Some have but one house,
and crowd them all together, outraging all decency,
and not leaving even an affectation of convenience.
Many often remain thus until some petty strife about
division of labor, children's quarrels, difference of
taste, or jealousy of attention kindles a flame only
to be smothered by separation. When they live in
different houses they generally have different tables,
and the husband has to give each its turn to cook for
him, and honor of his presence by rotation. Jeal-
ousies the most bitter, reproaches the most galling,
and disgustingscenes without number, and acrimony
without end, are the inevitable consequences of the
slightest partiality. I am acquainted with scores of
polygamist;'. and they all have favorites and show
partiality."
Again he says:
"Marriage is stripped of every sentiment that makes
it holy, innocent, and pure. With them it is noth-
ing more than the means of obtaining families; and
children are only desired as a means of increasing
glory in the next world: for they believe that every
man will reign over his children, who will constitute
his ' kingdom;' and therefore the more children the
more glory.
"The first effect of polygamy on the Mormons was
to force them todeny the doctrine and disavow their
families. For many years after they practiced it
did the leading men indignantly deny it. Its next
effect was to make them heartless. It first made
them liars, and then brutes.
"Mormonism teaches that all salvation is material;
that men's positions here determine their stations
hereafter, and as a man can only rule over his fam-
ily. then no wife, no family; many wive3, much fam-
ily; much family, much glory; therefore many wives
much glory, and as tho selfish desire for glory is the
| only incentive to action, so, therefore, he tries to
I get as many wives as he can. They quote Paul'*
! words, 4 Woman is the glory of man,' and argue the
1 more woman the more glory. Full of this thought I
; have seen old men with white, hair and wrinkled
j faces go hunting after young girls, deceiving them
t with all sorts of professions and promises, using the
i terrors of Brigham's name and threaten ing thepen-
alty of excommunication and consequent perdition,
in order to induce them to marry them, and to leave
: them, despoiled and degraded, either to the obloquy
| of a divoree, or to the incurable sorrows of a grieved
i and wrung heart.
" The utmost latitude of choice is permitted to tho
faithful in their selection of wives. It is very com-
mon for one man to marry two sisters. Brigham
advises, indeed, that they both be married on the
same day, 'for that will prevent any quarreling about
who is first or second.' A. It. Sharkey has married
th reo sisters, one of whom was m arried to and divorced
from another man. George B. Wallace left a wife at
Salt Lake City and went to England to preach. He
made the acquaintance of a very worthy man named
Davis, who had three fine-looking girls. Mr. Davis
and family were persuaded to embrace Mormonism.
When Wallace returned, as he had occupied a high
position in the Mormon church, he appropriated
church moneys for the immigration ofDavis and fam-
ily to Salt Lake City. Poor, and under obligations
to this man, and by "counsel'ofBrigham.Davisgave
him his three daughters, to all of whom he was mar-
ried ; and when I arrived at Salt Lake were all living
with Mrs. Wallace proper, in a little two-roomed
house. Curtis E. Bolton is married to a woman and
her daughter. Captain Brown is married to a woman
and tw.o daughters, and lives with them all.
"This may appear disgusting enough and prove
degradation enough. G. D. Watt has exeellccl either
oftfiem. He brought from Scotland his half-sister
to Salt Lake City, took her to Brigham and wished
to be married to her for his second wife. Brigh m
objected, but Watt urged that Abraham took liis
half-sister and 'reckoned he hail ju.--t as ruui'ii right
as Abraham.' The point was knotty and difficult.
The girl happened to be good-looking, though, and
so, to cut this gordian knot he could not untie, Brig-
ham took her himself. But she was not contented,
| or Brigham had reconsidered the matter, or IVoin
some eause, after afew weekshe told Watt that, lifter
all, there was force in his argument; that it was just
! as lawful in him as in Abraham, and accordii'iglv
; Watt accepted his half-sister to wife from the arui.J
i of Brother Brigham."
Brigham Young has married sisters in two
families. His first and only lawful wife was
Mary Ann Angell. Some years after he mar-
ried Jemima, her sister, llis fir.it wife in
"plurality," or " second woman," as he would
call her, was Lucy Decker. He afterward
married Clara Decker, her sister, while Lucy
was living, and both have been "favorites"
of his harem.
That many of the women, especially the
"first wive3," are unhappy and complaining,
fully appears from the extracts of sermons of
Young and Kimball, already quoted. Nature
revolts against the practice, and those who
have been entrapped in it must writhe under
its galling chains.
Mr. Hyde, who was a Mormon, but never a
polygamist, and from whom I have already
quoted, relates many instances of faithful wives
in Utah who have been ruined and driven to
desperation because their husbands have gone
into "plurality" and brought home more
"women." The majority are forced to drag
out a miserable life. Some obtain divorces,
though they are ridiculed and hunted for so
doing; some seek to drown their misery by
; drinking whisky, and others sink into the low-
est debauchery. Mormonism is a whirlpool,
and few who are brought within its influence
and bound by its horrid oaths, ever escape.
According to Mormon law the penalty of adult-
ery is death, and many have been killed, and
others doomed to a similar fate. This and
many other inventions, and much preaching,
keeps most of the " women" in tolerable sub-
jection.
Many of the wives believe in polygamy as a
religious duty, so duped and deluded are they,
and stoically endure what their natures con-
demn. I have read of some women who have
become wife-hunters for their husbands. A
Mrs. Howard, of Salt Lake City, became madly
infatuated with Mormonism. Her husband saw
a young lady and admired her, got acquainted
with her, and became fond of her. He told
j his wife of the affair, and desired her to call
! on this young lady and request her to marry
| him. The wife, notwithstanding her Mormon
delusion, wept bitterly at this unnatural com-
mand. She loved her husband devotedly, and
had brought him four children. She felt as
a woman in such a position only can feel; but
Mormonism was stronger than nature. She
went and asked this girl to become the wife
of her husband, but the girl refused. She in-
formed her husband of the result, and this man
bitterly reproached his madly-devoted wife for
not succeeding, attributing the failure to his
wife's jealousy. Mrs. Howard did not mur-
mur, but only wept, while he blubbered like
a boy, and told her how much he loved this
young woman, and how miserable he mustbe
without her. He even forced this weeping
woman to make another trial, but happily a
second refusal settled tbe matter. Was ever
cruelty more refined or complacency more
complete? Mormonism is ingrained in the
hearts of these women, and every hope is cen-
tered in it. They are taught to believe that
God has established an immaculate priesthood
on the earth, and they blindly believe and obey
all they are commanded. Degraded into slaves
by this barbarism, they are almost as submis-
sive and as miserable, and some of them a3
ignorant, as the Iudian squaws around tiiem.
So far I bave spoken of polygamy proper,
or what the Mormons call "plurality." Ihey
