1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4519
had been mocking her decrepitude, "maybe
they'll be better for it."
Mr. Speaker, as the millions of people visit
the tomb and monument of Abraham Lincoln
in the years that are to come, and pause at that
sacred ahrine, may we not hope that they and
the world may be the better for it ? In ancient
days the fond mother pointed to the life and
deeds of Alexander, and said, "Son, be like
him." We need not go back to ancient days
to find bright examples to awaken noble aspir-
ations in the breasts of our children. We
have brighter examples in our own land and
age. Washington and Lincoln are more glo-
rious examples of all that is good and great
than can be found in any other age or nation.
Mr. Speaker, I hope the resolution may be
adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Thejointresolution, as amended, wasordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
first volunteers is late war.
Mr. POME ROY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2215)^to provide
a bounty for the first volunteers in the late
war; which was read a first and second^time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
clara forsyth meade.
Mr. SCOFIBLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2216) granting a
pension to Clara Forsyth Meade; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
tributes to abraham lincoln.
Mr. LAFLIN submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to joint reso-
lution, S. R. No. 77, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate do recede from its amendment to
the amendment of the House to said re*oaition,
and agree to the said amendment of the House ot
Representatives. R ANTHONY.
J. S. HARRIS,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the ^art of the Senate.
A. H. LAFLIN,
L. V. PERCE,
P. M. UOX,
Managers nn thepart of the I Lou" v.
Mr. HOLMAN. What joint resolution is
that? ... , • ,
Mr. LAFLIN. It is the resolution which
relates to the distribution of the book entitled
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lin-
coln. The House provided for three copies
to each Senator and member. The^ Senate
struck out " three " and inserted "two.'1
that amendment the Senate recedes, and the
resolution is left as it passed the House.
The report was adopted.
diplomatic and consular systems,
The SPEAKER. The Senate request the
return of the bill (S. No. 676) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems ot the United States,
passed August 18, 185C, and for other purposes.
If there be no objection ifc will be returned to
the Senate. _ , ,
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
leave os absence.
Mr. MILNES, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for four days.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence until Monday next.
captain e. w. bass.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (II. It. No. 332) for
the relief of Captain E. W. Bass, late of the
fifth Tennessee cavalry; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
public surveys.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2217)
supplementary to an act approved on the SOtli
of May, 1862, entitled "An act to reduce the
expense of the survey and sale of public lands
in the United States which was read a first
and second time.
The bill extends authority to the Department
of the Interior to authorize explorations of the
public domain where individual States or cor-
porations shall desire such surveys or explor-
ations to be made at their expense, and shall
deposit in the proper depositary of the United
States a sum sufficient to pay for such explor-
ation, or to extend to such appropriations as
should be made by Congress for such purposes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
llelikf of volontcers.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. ii. No. 333)
explanatory of certain acts for the relief of
Michigan, California, and Nevada volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
contested election.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I desire to call up the
report of the Committee of Elections 011 the
contested-election case from the seventh con-
gressional district of Virginia, of Whittlesey vs.
AIcKenzie.
The SPEAKER. For consideration at the
present time?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done; the
House being now under the pressure ot the
previous question on a bill which comes over
from yesterday. What is now going on is by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BURR. I tlihik there will be no dis-
cussion. The report is a unanimous one.
The SPEAKER. In that event the House
will 110 doubt entertain it.
The resolutions reported by the Committee
of Elections were read, as follows:
Remised. That Charles Whittlesey is not entitled
to a seat as a mem ber of the Eorty^l'irst Congress
from the seventh congressional district or Virginia.
Resolved, That Lewis MeKenzie is entitled to a
seat as a member of the Forty-First Congress from
the seventh congressional district ot Virginia.
The question was taken on the first resolu-
tion ; and it was agreed to.
The question was next taken 011 the second
resolution ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCIirLL. I also send to the desk
a resolution in regard to the compensation to
be made to the contestant.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inanirv. Is this a privileged report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not
regard a resolution as to compensation as a
privileged report.
Mr. CIIURC1IILL. This resolution is re-
ported as part of the report of the committee.
It was not a part of the original report, but it
has been considered by the committee, and
received their unanimous approval.
Mr. F AI v N S W 0 KT IT. I wish to inquire
whether in the judgment of the committee
there was the slightest probable cause for the
contest on the part of Mr. Whittlesey ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. CnnRCH-
ii.l] that, although the first two resolutions
were privileged, the unqualified privilege of
the Committee of Elections in regard to a re-
port as to the right to a seat does not carry
with it as privileged a resolution as to compen-
sation. The objection, therefore, of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] must
prevent its consideration. The gentleman from
New York can present it on Monday after the
morning hour, by a suspension of the rules, or
during the call of States.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not desire to con-
test the decision of the Chair; but I have
always understood that a resolution with refer-
ence to compensation when brought up in con-
nection with the resolutions in regard to the
right to the seat was treated as part of the
same privileged report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be com-
pelled to rule otherwise. Such a resolution is
not privileged.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. COBB., of Wisconsin. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee
on Military Affairs, for consideration at this
t-ime, the bill (II. R. No. 1910) to equalize
bounties of soldiers who served in the late war
for the Union.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be read
before objections are called for.
The SPEAKER. If it gives rise to debate
it cannot be considered. The bill will be
reported for information.
The bill was read in part, and is as follows:
A bill to equalizo bounties of soldieis who served in
the lato war for the Union.
Be it enacted by the Senate and ffonse of Representa-
tives of the United Stateiof America in Congress assem-
bled, That there shall be allowed and paid to each
and every non-commissioned officer, musician, arti-
liter, wagoner, and private soldier who faithfully
served as such in the military service of the United
States, who have been honorably discharged from
such service, tlie yum of eight and one third dollars
per month lor all the time during which such non-
commissioned ollicer, musician, artificer, wagoner,
and private soldier actually so served, between the
12?K ilay of April, 18G1, and the VILh day of May. 1865;
arid when sucli non-comraissionedotticer, musician,
artilicer, wagoner, or private soldier was a niemoer
of any volunteer organization, then between the said
12th day of April, 18(31, and the dato ot the muster-
out ot such volunteer organisation. .
Sec. 2. And be it further cnaeted, lliatm caseof the
death, either before or after the parage of this act,
of any such non-commissioned ollicer, musician,
ai'titieer, wagoner, or private soldier, the allowance
and payment shall bo made to his widow and cuil-
dien, m the order named, of such deceased non-com-
missioned ollicer, musician, artificer, wagoner, or
private soldier. , ,
Sec Z. Andbc it further cnacicd, Thatm computing
and ascertaining the bounty to be paid to any non-
commissioned otliecr, musician, artificer,_wagoner,
orprivatosoldicr, or his proper representative, under
the provisions of this act, there shall bo deducted
therefrom any and all bounties already paid uuder
existing laws by the United Slates.
Sec. -1. And be it further enact cd, Tnat no bounty
under the provisions of this act shall be paid to or on
account of any soldier who served as a-sub titutein
the Army, or who was a captured prisoner of war at
the time of his enlistment, nor to any one who was
discharged on Ills own application or rcqu -st pijot-
to thcTJUiduy of April, 1865. unlets suclx ussehaige
was obtained with a view to i ecnlislnient, or i o accept
promotion in the military or naval scivio ot tuo
United States, or to be tnmtierred tropi on"- bnuicti
i ii. . ■->  Kat* nrifl silfii) l)6rS0ll
soldier disehaiged on the application 01
quest of parents, guardians, or owcr persons, 01 on
the ground of minority. ..ti-m-nev
bed. 5 And be It further enacted, jhatany
or agent who shall receive from any claim, t. .urn
greater than five dollars for the .prosecu ion <>1 anv
claim under the provisions of tins -ot,i < ^
tion thereof shall pay   ii°° >1 '"J.®" „neVear' or
in-ivisonmcnt for a term not less than one yi.n, 01
ho h as ?he conrt or jury may adjudge s aH
tV.rovrr thereafter be excluded iioui pio-ctuuu^
against .he Gov-
e™! Andleenacted. That it .-hall not
