3576
USE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May 18,
have, however, another system of marriage,
in the carrying out of which there is still more
of the atrocious and corrupt. This is what
they call "tho sealing for eternity." They
contend that the married relationship Was in-
tended as eternal, and, being a religious cere-
mony, that it must be performed by an eccle-
siastical dignitary. All other marriages are
mere contracts " till death," and are null and
void afterward, ami may bo dissolved at any
time at the option of both contracting parties.
. They believe that unless married the saved
will not enjoy any "glory" in the next world;
and unless married on earth in this spiritual
way they caunot be married afterward; there-
fore they " marry for eternity." This power
is vested in Brigham Young only. He can,
however, transfer it at option to .any other
apostle. Heber C. Kimball usually performed
the ceremony while he lived. These marriages
are always performed in their sacred and
secret temple, in a singular and most obscene
manner. Here they are sealed for eternity.
Mr. Hyde says :
"It is impossible to state all the licentiousness
under the name of religion that these Sealing ordin-
ances have occasioned. A woman has been mar-
ried to a man she does not like. She oomes to Salt
Lake and sees some one she does like. The man's
position, however, is such that sho does not wish to
leave her husband, but only detires to secure another
for an eternal husband. She can be sealed to this)
other man and still remain with lier first husband:
and the Mormons believe that all her children will
belong to the man to whom the is sealed.. ' No mar-
riage is valid till physically consummated.' These
marriages are thereforo consummated to make them
valid. But the husband may know ef the sealing
ordinance, and desire,to ret his wife sealed to him.
To tell him the real facts might inakp.hiiu apos-
tatize; and therefore the Mbrmons will perform a
"mock ceremony,' conten&ins that it ia better one
man be deceived rather than thewholeohurch should
sutler. In this way no man, unless his position he so
high as to make it impolitic, is cert&iti of his dearest
wife's virtue, or his warmest friend's honor. Sus-1
picion and jealousy are the iobtitable results.
"There is a Airs. Dibble in Utah, who has a fine son.
She was Sealed among others to JoSefeh Smith,
although living With hdr&reseftthusband before and
since. On the head of her aon St&ith predicted the
most startling prophesies about, wielding, the sword
of Laban, &c. There is not & iierson In' Salt Lake
who doubts the faet of that boy being Smith'* own
child. It is these wive^who, married to one man
and 'sealed' to another.'are the 'spiritual wives' of
those to whom they are sealed.''
There is no end to Mormon inventidrts on
this suhject. As a man's "kingdom" de-
pends solely ori the size of his family, and as all
the children the wotnan may havo belong'to her
sealed husband, whether by himbegotten or not,
and when the husband dies, aJl his anticipated
"glory" seems td be arrested, the "saints"
have therefore adopted the plan of appoint-
ing brethren as their agents to contihue their
"glorifying" after their death. Many of the
widows of Joseph Smith who could not find
other husbands were taken by Brigham Yotihg.
Not ohlyisit deemed proper to take the widows
of some good brother, but also to take fresh
wives for your dead brother. A Mrs. Poul-
terer, of Salt Lake, in 1854, Who had heard of
and pretended to love Smith, desired to be
sealed to him, although he had been dead
twelve years, and she aad a husband living.
If a man had beefi dead fof & thousand years
it would be nothing to the wings of Mormon
faith. Brigham consented to act as proxy or
agent for Joseph Smith, and the disgusting
ceremony was performed. These wives are
generally called " prosy women " in Utah. A
woman who has ahusband living may be sealed
to another for hi3 "spiritual wife," and a
woman whose husbanSis dead may be "sealed"
for the dead. The sealing process c^nhot be
described in this presence and toust be left to
conjecture.
Mr. Hyde describes another refinement of
this doctrine, as follows :
"As a man's family constitutes his glory, to go on
A mission for several yeare, leaving from two to a
dozen wives at homo, necessarily causes Borne loss
of t'.iinily, and consequently, according to Mormon
notions, much sacrifice of salvation. This difficulty
id obvlilted by the appointment of an agent or proxy,
who shall stiiml to them ward in their husband's
st jad. Alauy and many $ little child 1}:ib been thus
issued ih'A the Mormon world. This is'one of the
secret principles that as yet is only privately talked
of in select circles, and darkly hinted at from their
pulpits and in their works."
I cannot see how this is any worse than
polygamy proper, though perhaps a little more
unnatural for the men. If it is right for a man
to have thirty wives I cannot see why a woman
may not have two husbands. It will be ob-
served, however, that this arrangement, like
all the other plans, is for man's "glory." j
In summing up on this subject Mr. Hyde j
says: ;
"That these practices should be indulged in is not i
surprising. That they should be veiled under the ]
f arb of sanctity and excused on tho ground of re- !
igion is infapious. Mormonism is ingenious in find-
ing excuses for licentiousness : it is a bitter and a
burning satire on human purity and progress; a dis-
gusting but a palpable proof of human depravity."
Before leaving the subjeot of polygamy to
: consider some other barbarous practices of the
Mormon system I propose briefly to describe
| Brigham Young and his harem. He is a man
of remarkable ability, bold and bad. He is
j not an educated man* but is eminently prac-
j, tical, of great energy of character, and has a
! wonderful knowledge of human nature. He is
fruitful in resources, and by bold, determined,
and active exertions has proved himgelf a great
leader. Many who condemn his doctrines
believe him sincere ; if that be true, there is
more reason fof his success. A determined,
i able, eincere^ and zealous man can accomplish
| wonderful things. He ia the leader and head
j of the Mormon church in all temporal and
! Spiritual affairs. His will i& the supreme law
| among his followers, Mid they are ready to
i carry out his plans and execute his commands.
A more confiding and deluded community than
that of the Utab Mormons cannot be found on
the face of the earth, or one where the will of
| a single man is wore powerful. To fully under-
| stand the character of this bad man one needs
| to be acquainted with his early trials and efforts
to build up Mormonism and his wonderful
march to Utah. He must be studied in his
capacity as "Governor of Utah," president
of the church," " prophet,"."trustee ia trust
for the ehareh,'1 H president'Of the emigration
company,"lord of the harem," and "grand
archee of the order of gods" if wo would fully
understand his wonderful capacity. This can
Only be done iti a vblumfe, not in a speech. I
will let Mr. Hyde, once the intimate friend and
associate of Young, and who still helieveshim
gin-cere, speak of his designs:
"Brigham Young has one design, and only one.
However wild iii theory and impossible in execution,
ho entertains it sincerely ; ana that is to make the
Sjlorpjion church by and by control the whole of this
continent.
I have seen and heard him very often, privately
conversed with hi in, watched him in his family p.ud
in his pu.blic administrations; carefully endeavored
to criticise his movements and discover his secret
Sower, and I conscientioUsly.assert that the world
as mueh mistaken the ability and danger of the
man.
Brighatn Young in his harem is an interest-
ing character.. As before stated he has about
forty wives. He has his " discarded wives,"
those who have ceased to bear children. These
live in his hoU&e and eat at his table, but all
attentions from him as a husband have ceased.
He has many "spiritual wives," (temporarily
mart-ied'to other husbands,) and widows of
dead brothers, including four of Smith's wid-
ows} and m&hy women to Whom he has been
u3fialcd " a3 proxy for Some dead brother.
Out af all this number he lives with about
twenty-five. Most of them live in the "Lion
House'!Or "Harem," so called. Many others
live in the "Bee-hive House^" so called from
the fact that a bee-hive surmounts the top.
His senior wife and her family formerly Vved
in this house; but since the bees have swarmed
so many times, and he has taken so many
younger wives, she was removed to the barn-
like house, or penitentiary, on the^ hill. It is
said he scarcely ever pays her a visit, though
she is an excellent woman. She has five chil-
dren, and is much attached to them. No one
can tell what this poor woman has suffered
froni the conduct of her wicked and infidel
husband. Her heart is crushed, and she is
subject to fits of insanity.
These houses and some others for business
purposes, constitute what is called " Brigham'a
Block." They are in an inclosure of about
twenty acres, which is surrounded by a high
wnll. The "Lion House" is three stories high,
and contains nearly all the wives who have
been " favorites " of the prophet. Under this
house are apartments where it is said Brigham
secretes his wealth and punishes his refractory
wives. It is also believed that there are under-
ground passages from Brigham's houses to
Kimball's on the north and Wells's on the
south.
It would be interesting to describe the vari-
ous "women" in these houses, their rooms,
kind of work, &c., but I cannot go into such
details. Emeline Free Young, the great " fa-
vorite" of the prophet, resided in the " Lion
House" for many years. She had great in-
fluence over him, and he showed her more
than usual attention. She led him into the un-
Mormon-like folly of curling his hair, and he
was often seen with it in papers. She had the
best room assigned to her, and Brigham con-
structed a private passage to it, so that he
might not be seen by the other "women" in
making his frequent visits. But alas! "The
course of true love never did run smooth;"
and the beautiful Emeline was doomed to be-
come a rejected mistress, and is now dragging
out her days as a faded and cast-off woman,
after bringing her pretended husband eight
children.
When the immaculate Prophet, at the age
of sixty-four, fell violently in love with the
young and beautiful Amelia, Emeline was
taken very sick, and her life for a long time
was despaired of. From her "sisters," who'
had long been jealous of her, she received no
sympathy. They were glad to see her fall, for
they had tasted the same bitter cup. She was
removed from her beautiful room, and has
taken up her abode in some lonely place.
Brigham's courtship and marriage to Ameiia
Folsom, a native of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, is thus described by Mrs. C. V. Waite,
wife of Judge Waite, in her work entitled the
" Mormon Prophet:"
" She was far a long time unwilling to mo'rry the
president, but ho continued his suit with a pertina-
city worthy a batter eause, and by repeatedpromisea
of advancement made to her and her parents finally
succeeded. For several months he had urged his
suit, during which time his carriage wight be Been
almost any day standing at her father'sdoor for hours
§t a. time. He told her she Was flre&ted expressly for
imsclf, and could marry no oijcelseon pain of ever-
lasfrhjg destruction. She plead, protested, and wept,
but he persevered.: and at last, when all other argu-
ments failed, he told her ha had received a special
revelation from Heaven on tho subject. Sho hud
always believed in Mormonism, and had been taught
to have faith in revelation. 'Amelia,' said he, ' yon
must be my wife; <Jod has revealed it to me. You
cannot be saved by any ono olsc. If you will marry
me I will save you and eialt you to be a queen in
the celestial world, bnt if you refuse you will be de-
stroyed, both soul and body.' The poor girl believed
this hellish importer, and, yieldingto his wishes, be-
came his wife. For several months after her mar-
riage Amelia was sad and dejectcd, but of late shn
has rallied, and now appears tho, gayest of tbe gay.
This marriage took place on tho 2flth day of Januxry,
1863, more than six months afterthe passage by Con-
gress of the anti-polygamy law, and was public and
notorious. Hero was perpetrated in one act the
double crime of destroying the happiness of ayouns
lady and settingbefore his people the example of an
open violation of a law of the land."
Since that time Brighain Young has taken
several more wives, in violation and defiance of
law. How long this hoary-headed monster is
to outrage decency, the moral sense of the
world, and defy the laws of this Government,
I know not; but for one I will make an effort
to bring him to punishment and destroy the
vile system he upholds.
Polygamy is not the only revolting feature
of Mormonism. The whole system is a com-
pound of monstrosities and frauds. It enjoins
falsehood, theft, and murder as sacred religious
duties, as well as tho systematic degradation
of woman in the name of Almighty God. It
