THE GWGKESSJ.Q^AL GLOBE.
January 11,
at all points. Their enforcement requires the
maintenance of a special department of the
Goverhment, the agents of which penetrate
inquisitorially every home and workshop in the
land. .They increase the cost of all our pro-
ductions and restrict the limits of our commerce
by shutting our over-taxed goods out of markets
in which but for them we might eompete with
our foreign rivals. They, too, were the product
of the war. The necessities in which it involved
us gave rise to the system of internal taxes with
its Commissioner, assessors, collectors, super-
visors, detectives, and thousands of subord-
inates ; and sound policy requires that those
duties which, while they protect the wages of
the laboring man and develop the resources
of the country, supply the Treasury with large
amounts of revenue should be retained, and
that these direct and inquisitorial taxes which
so oppress and annoy us should be removed as
rapidly as possible. The repeal of these would
animate all our industries; but the repeal of
the duties recommended by the Commissioner
would flood our country with the productions
of the underpaid laborers of Europe, silence
countless looms and spindles, close our fac-
tories, extinguish the fires in our furnaces and
rolling-mills, and leave the grain of the hus-
bandmen, for which there is now no market
in Europe, to rot in the field or granary, while
their countrymen and former customers starve.
However ardently Mr. Commissioner "Wells
may desire this consummation, I trust that
Congress, by protecting the wages of the
American laborer, will forever avert it.
Mr. Kelley not having concluded his speech
at the expiration of his hour,
Mr. MAYNARD said : Mr. Chairman, I
move that the gentleman's time be extended,
in order to allow him to conclude his speech.
, Mr. NIBLACK. I do not propose to ob-
ject if it be understood that no further busi-
ness is to be transacted this evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can
make 110 rule to bind the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. We may make such an
agreement among ourselves sub silentio.
Mr. WOOD. I shall not object to the con-
tinuance of the gentlemau's remarks; but I
only express the hope that opportunity will be
given to some gentleman who differs entirely
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania to show
where he has not correctly stated Mr. Wells's
position, and to expose the false deductions
drawn by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
from the facts he has stated.
Mr. KLLLEY. I shall be only too glad to
have and participate in the freest and fullest
discussion of this whole question.
Mr. Kelley's time was then extended by
unanimous consent, and he concluded his
speech. i
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to offer
some remarks to the committee, but have no
disposition to go on now, the usual hour of
adjournment having arrived. I am willing,
therefore, to yield to any gentleman who will
move that the committee rise.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
havingresumed the chair, Mr. Kelsey reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
or the union, havinghad under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the an-
nual message of the President of the United
States, had come to 110 resolution thereon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. T'i'.iiRISS. I ask that the motion be
delayed a moment to allow me to introduce
a bill.
^ Mi . MAIN ARD. It was the understand-
ing that after the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union rose there should be
110 business done, and I must insist on mv
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of David
Lewis, asking payment of arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph Augustine, ask-
ing $200 bounty for service in Missouri volun-
teers.
Also, the petition of Andrew J. Jennison,late
of seventh Kansas volunteers, asking bounty.
Also, the petition of James G. Anderson,
asking pay as provost marshal at Steelville,
Missouri.
Also, the petition of Jacob V. Gallion, for
pay as veterinary surgeon of the twelfth Mis-
souri cavalry volunteers from March, 1864, to
March, 1865.
Also, the petition of Jam.es H. Clifford, ask-
ing to be restored to the Army.
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition from North
Boston, Erie county, New York, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BRADFORD: A petition of cit-
izens of Colorado, in relation to the southern
boundary of that Territory.
Also, the petition of John B. Wolff, of Colo-
rado, asking compensation for house furnished
the United States.
By Mr. BUCK: Ajointresolutionofthe Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Alabama, relative
to the improvement of the harbor at Mobile.
By Mr. BUTLER, ofTennessee : Fourpeti-
tions, signed by a large number of citizens of
Union, Bradley, Blount, and Meigs counties,
of the State of Tennessee, praying Congress to
investigate the late election in that State.
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of John W.
Scott and others, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The pe-
tition of J. C. Lewis, of the District of Colum-
bia, praying compensation for property and
supplies taken by the United States Govern-
ment during the war f r the use of the Army.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of soldiers
of the war of 1812, for pensions.
^ Also, a petition of citizens of Wayne county,
New York, for pension to soldiers of war of
1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cayuga county,
New York, for pension to soldiers of war of
1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of Seneca county,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS : A petition of several thou-
sand citizens of Buffalo, praying for the removal
of duties on coal.
Also, a petition of 2,000 citizens ofRoches-
j t,er, praying for the same.
I By Mr. FERRY : The petition of William D.
j Fuller, James L. Alexander, J. F. A. Raider,
and 37 others, of Newago county, Michigan,
! prayingthatthefrankingprivilege beabolished.
I By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
I of Julia A. Hubbard, mother of Seth H. Hub-
| bard, company A, twenty-ninth Ohio volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Letta Bagley,
mother of James P. Bagley, company E, twenty-
ninth regiment Ohio infantry volunteers, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Kent, widow
of Edwin A. Kent, company A, one hundred
and twenty-fourth Ohio volunteers, for widow's
pension.
AIso,^ a petition of 96 citizens of Rock
Creek, forthe establishment of a postroute from
Geneva to Rock Creek, Ashtabula county, Ohio,
from Geneva, via Mechanicsville and East
Trumbull, to Morgan.
By Mr. GILF1LLAN: The petition of James
Strickland, private company K, first United
States volunteers, for such bounty as has been
granted other United States soldiers.
Also, the petition of James II. Sylvester, for
return of $300 commutation money.
Also, the petition of Robert Leonard, late
private company K, seventeenth Illinois vol-
unteers and seaman United States Navy, for
bounty money.
By Sir. HOAR: The petition of H. G. Raw-
son and others, of West Brookfield, Massa-
chusetts, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of the shoe manufacturers and oper-
atives of North Bridgewater, Massachusetts,
for a repeal of the duties on raw hides, skins,
and tanning materials.
By Mr. LOGAN : The petition of Mrs. Har-
riet Tennent, of Virginia, for relief, &c.
Also, the petition of Joseph Lamerone, of
Virginia, for relief.
By Mr. MeCRARY : A petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying the passage of an aet provid-
ing for the compulsory prepayment of all do-
mestic postages, except on such matter as may
be entitled to free delivery.
Also, the petition of John C. Power and
others, of Burlington, Iowa, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of H. Law-
rence Scott, late agent for the sale of internal
revenue stamps in the thirteenth district of
Pennsylvania, for relief.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Marshall county, Indiana, for the remission
of the duties on hides.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of William
P. Campbell, A. W. Moss, D. B. Cliffe, and
others, citizens of Tennessee, for the reform
of the civil service of the United States.
By Mr. ROOTS : A petition of citizens of
Arkansas, requesting the removal of political
disabilities from citizens of Arkansas therein
named.
Also, the petition of General Ames and cit-
izens of Mississippi, requesting the removal of
W. G. Vaughn's political disabilities.
By Mr. SHANKS : The petition of T. M.
Bonham and 38 others, citizens of Arcona,
Grant county, Indiana, asking that a law be
passed this session compelling the prepayment
of paper postage.
Also, the petition of E. Vardemark, and 113
others, citizens of Allen county, Indiana, ask-
ing that the tariff on hides be reduced.
By Mr. TRIMBLE : The petition of John
B. Hatcher and others, in favor of the Hon.
John M. Rice retaining his seat in the Forty-
First Congress.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of stage
proprietors of the State of California.
By Mr. SLOCUM : A petition of veterans
of the war of 1812 for pensions.
By Mr. STOKES: Two petitions from loyal
citizens of Washington and Rhea counties in
the State of Tennessee, praying Congress to
relieve them from rebel oppression by setting
aside the late election in that State.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of John
Hinde and William H. Hinde, against a reduc-
tion of the duty on gunny or jute manufactures.
Also, the petition of Austin C. Gaskill, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of citizens of
Steuben county, New York, in favor of grant-
ing pensions to the surviving soldiers of 1812.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: Tho
petition of Isaac L. Usher and W. H. Stogdill,
asking for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Isaac M. Adams for
pension.
Also, the petition of Edward F. Wade and
others, for mail route.
Also, the petition of Benjamin G. Goff, for
the refunding of motley.
_ By Mr. WELKER: A remonstrance of cit-
izens residing on M street, in Washington city,
against the passage of the bill to amend the
act incorporating the National Junction Rail-
way Company.
