1688
TB® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
certain States, "and receipted forby the proper
officers receiving the same, or which may have
been taken therein for the use of the United
States without giving such receipt, may be
submitted to the Quartermaster General, ac-
companied by such proofs as each claimant
can present of the facts in his case," and that
on examination the amount of the claims shall
be ascertained and submitted to Congress for
payment. That is the end and design and pur-
pose of the bill. The allegation on the part
of the Senators to whom I have referred is that
by the principles of international law there is
no obligation resting on the Government to
pay for property of such a character,
Now, let it be remembered at the outset that
the proposition is not to pay for property de-
stroyed by the enemy; it is not to pay for prop-
erty taken by the enemy; it is not to pay for
property seized or destroyed incidentally or
accidentally in the process of the war; but
the proposition is to pay for property received
by the United States and its authorities, and
used by the United States and its authorities.
It is, in the language of the Constitution, noth- i
ing more no^less than to pay for " private prop-
erty taken for public use." Now, sir, under the
law of nations, invoked by the gentlemen who
take a different view of this subject, and under
the obligations of our Constitution, are we
bound to pay for this property ?
What, then, Mr. President, are our true obli-
f,tions in the premises thus briefly stated?
ow far are Governments, under the law of
nations, aside from any special obligation which
may apply to us under our own written Consti-
tution, responsible in cases like that now under
consideration? I will introduce a few leading
authorities on this point. Grotius says: ]
" Wo must observe this, that the king may in two
ways deprive his subjects of their right, either by j
way of punishment or by virtuo of his eminent
power. But if he do so in the latter way it must be j
for some public advantage, and then the subject
ought to receive, if possible, a just satisfaction for
the low he suffers, out of the common stock."
Senators say that is where tbe property is
not taken from a person residing in the enemy
territory. I shall come to that proposition
presently. Again the same author says:
"Neither shall the State be absolved from this ob-
ligation, though for the present not able to satisfy it;
but whenever the State is in capacity this suspended
obligation shall resume its force." .
So Vattel, discussing this question, says :
"The damages under consideration are tobedis- 1
tinguished into two kinds: those done by the State
itself, or the sovereign, and those done by tho enemy.
Oftho first kind some are done deliberately and by way
of precaution, as when a field, a house, or a garden
belonging to a private person is taken for the purpose <
of erecting on the spot a tower, rampart, or other
piece of fortification; or where his standing corn or
his storehouses are destroyed to prevent their being
of use to the enemy. Such damages are to be made
good to the individual, who should only bear his
quota of the loss."
A ease involving this principle has arisen
and been decided in our own courts. It was
a. case, too, which arose oat of a seizure of
the property of a loyal American citizen in the
territory of Mexico, daring the war with Mex-
ico, by an officer of the United States Army,
to keep that property from falling into the
hands of the enemy. The jury decided that
the alleged necessity and exigency on which
the seizure was made were not established.
The officer was therefore held to be a tres-
passer, and made responsible for damages.
It is the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony, 18
Howard. In delivering the opinion of the
court Chief Justice Taney says:
"There are ooeasioni In which private property
may be lawfully taken or destroyed to prevent it
from falling into the hands of the public enemy;
also, where a military office* charged with a par-
ticular duty may impress private property into the
public servioe or take it for public use. Unhesi-
tatingly in such cases the Government is bound to
make full compensation to the owner."
I refer also to Halleck, page 456. He de-
clares that—
" Private property on land is no w, as a general rule
of war, exempt from seizure or confiscation, and this
general exemption extends even to Ctteeeof absolute
and unqualified conquest,"
I might multiply authorities to the same
effect; out I will not detain the Senate with
any more. Surely, if the taking and use of
such property as is contemplated in this bill
had been made outside of any southern State,
and in some State not in rebellion, we could
not deny our obligation to make compensation
for it. But it is said that all citizens, however
loyal in fact, who were residents of the insurgent
States during the war of the rebellion, within
the lines of the enemy, were ipso facto, under
the principles and operation of international
law, public enemies; and therefore and thereby
the United States are absolved from any obliga-
tion to pay them for any of their property seized
or used by our Army or Government, no mat-
ter how seized or used. I deny the proposition.
It is a contradiction in terms. It is an absurd-
ity. It is abhorrent to every principle of jus- ,
tice. It is derogatory to the national honor j
and character. It is repugnant to the spirit and j
principles of our modern Christian civiliza- ;
tion. If it ever had a place among the prin-
ciples of international law it is now obsolete, ^
or it ought to be obsolete.
International law! International law, Mr.
President! Sir, I can by international law
justify anything which is contrary to human
rights and abhorrent to virtue and decency, if
you will permit me to go back a few centuries
for my authorities. Sir, what do these author-
ities on international law teach ?
That prisoners of war may be lawfully put
to death, after capture, by the executioner.
That the gallant defenders of garrisons refus-
ing to capitulate may, when the garrison is
taken, be' all put to death indiscriminately; i
ay, even the women and children of the town
garrisoned.
That prisoners of war maybe sold into per-
petual slavery.
That it is lawful to take the enemy's life
by poison and assassination. Yes, sir, these '
authorities on international law would justify
the assassination of the late President of the
United States.
Even Vattel, who, inspired with a better
spirit, rose up to something like the dignity
and elevation of our modern civilization, even
so late as his time, says: ;
" Should a resolute soldier steal into an enemy's
camp by night, should he penetrate the general's >
tent and stab him, in such a case there is, nothing ,
contrary to the natural laws of war, nothing even
but what is commendable in a just or necessary
war."
Perhaps not; Yet I think there is not a
Senator here who would not resent a proposi-
tion made to him to perpetrate the deed. But
what are the authorities relied on to make the
loyal citizens of the South during the late war
public enemies and constructive traitors? So
far as I remember them, as heretofore cited '■
during the discussions which have taken place
in the Senate upon this question, they are three, ;
and only three:
1. Vattel.
2. What are called ''the prize eases."
3. Mrs. Alexander's cotton case.
The passage in Vattel, relied on by the advo-
cates of this doctrine is as follows:
"A civil war breaks the bonds of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect.
It produces in the nation two kidopepdent parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowl-
edge no common judge. Those two parties, there-
fore, must necessarily be considered as thencefor-
ward constituting, at least for a time, two separate
bodies, two distinct societies. Though one of the
parties may have been to blaqie in breaking the unity
of the State and resisting the lawful authority, they
are not the less divided in fact. Besides, who shall
judge them; who shall pronounce on which side the
: right or the wrong lies? On earth they have no com-
I mon superior. They stand, therefore, in precisely
j the same predicament as two nations who engage in
a contest, and being unable to come to an agree-
! ment, have recourse to arms."—Vattel, pp. 424-23.
! Does this passage sustain^ the conclusion
j claimed for it? Without considering the ques-
tion whether under our own written Constitu-
j tion, later than Vattel, we are not to be bound
I by ifs provisions under all circumstances, in
; war ana in peace, I ask does this passage from
Vattel sustain those who declare that in a civil
war loyal and faithful subjects or citizens, hap-
pening to live in the insurrectionary district,
are to come under the disabilities ot public
enemies not only during the existence of the
war, but afterward, so far as what they did or
suffered during the war is involved, even to
the extent of denying their right to claim, and
the Government's obligation to pay, for actual
means furnished to the Government to prose-
cute the war? I think not, I do not think that
such a construction of this passage would be a
fair interpretation of it. That the two parties
in civil war must, for certain purposes, be con-
sidered as constituting "two separate bodies"
I admit, The exchange of prisoners and what
are called the rights of belligerents, especially
so far as may mitigate the horrors of war, must
be recognized ; but I do not understand tLiat
Vattel means to say that when the civil strife
ceases and the insurgents are subdued, and the
authority of the Government is restored, the
loyal citizens among the insurgents, who never
rebelled or abandoned their allegiance, and
whose private property was taken by the Gov-
ernment or its authorized agents and applied
to the public use, were still and forever to be
deprived of just compensation for it.
Nay, sir, you will observe that the author
makes a reservation, a very significant res-
ervation. He saya these distinct and separate
bodies are only to be " for a time at least."
What is the signification of this reservation?
What time is meant? Does he not mean that
after it is ascertained which party prevails, and
the authority of the Government is reestab-
lished, all the rights of the loyal and faithful
subject or citizen are restored with it, as well
those present as those past?
Why, sir, this author, when writing of dam-
ages done by the enemy, says—and I commend
this passage to the consideration of the Sen-
ator from Nevada:
" Butit is perfectly consonant to the duties of the
State and the sovereign, and, of course, perfectly
equitable, and even strictly just, to relieve as far as
possible those unhappy sufferers who have been
ruined by the ravages of war, as likewise to take care
of a family whoso head and support has lost his lite
in the servioe of the State. There aro many debts
which aro considered as sacred by the man who knows
his duty, although they do not afford any ground of
action against him."— Vattel, pp. 402-3.
Sir, in the Senate of the United States we
want nothing of these little technicalities that
might pass for sound law in some subordinate
piepoudre court.
The prize cases. Mr. President, it is an
utter mistake to suppose that the decision of
the Supreme Court vn these cases determines
the point here involved. It was not jn issue
in those cases. This misapprehension was
corrected last winter by the honorable Senator
| from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] during the de-
1 bate in the Sue Murphey cage. I avail myself
| of the benefit of his better judgment, and simply
reproduce the statement which he then fur-
| nished of what was really determined by the
prize cases. The extract I read is from a
review of these cases by Mr. Dana, who was
of counsel in them:
" What the oourt did not decide: .
"1. The court did not decide that the.passing of
the ordinances of secession mado the territory of the
insurgent States enemy's territory or its inhabitants
alien enemies. . ,
"2, The court did not decide that the passing oi
the secession ordinances terminated, or in any way
affected, the legal relations of the insurgent States
as bodies-politic with the General Government or
with their respeotivo States.
" 3. The court decided absolutely nothing as to tne
effect of the passing of the secession ordinances on
the civil or political relations of tho inhabitants ot
tho insurgent States with the General Government
or with their respective States, or on the relations
of the insurgent States, as bodies-politio, with the
; General Government. . . , ,, , . ...
j "4. The court aid not decide that the inhabitants
: of the seceding States are alien enemies at alII, or tnai
! the territory of those States is enemy's territory.
" What the pourt did decide: .
" 1, That in case of domestic war the Government
of the United States n>ay, at its option, use the P0''"
ers and rights known to the international laws oi
; war a,? blockade and capture of enemy s property at
' sea,
