5464
Til COffGRESSIOWi GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr- GARFIELD, of OJiio. I have no objec-
tion if a motion could be mfwje tu reootnmit tl}e
report to the conference com mitfee. Can that
be done after the preyioji^ questipq has beep
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It. ppoqot.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Qk'O. If the gentleman
will allo\y that tp be yotgd qxi I will not object.
It will not hurt q,ijytjjmg.
Mr- SCHENCK. I do not think there is any
possibility of agreeing with the Senate if this
be voted down.
Itr. HOLMA-K. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Ia it in order to move to lay
t(ie report on the table ?
The'SPEAKER. It is.
ifr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
i|r. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, and allow me to be heard
before he makes it.
Mr.HOLMAN. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio what amount of bonds we
are now entitled to pay under existing law in
redeeming the five-twenty bonds now due?
Mr. SCHENCK. We are entitled to pay all
the 62's, the 64's, and the OS's.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does the gentleman re-
member what they amount to in the aggre-
gate ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know if I can
give the exact amount. It is something like a
thousand millions, but not quite that.
Mr. NIBLACK. What I wish to getatis, to
ascertain why $1,500,000,000 is the amount
agreed upon to be refunded.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will allow
me to proceed I will explain that in the few
remarks I propose to offer.
Mr. NIBLACK. Itstruckmethattheamount
was in excess of what we could redeem of the
five-twenties, and yet not enough to redeem
the ten-forties.
Mr. SCHENCK. There are two or three
things which it is well always to remember
when a committee of conference makes its
report. The first is, that the legislative depart-
ment of the United States consists of two bodies,
and that the IJouse can never expect any more
than the Senate to get just what it wants. The
report of the committee of conference in this
case is made after five different conferences,
held morning and night, and occupying in the
aggregate, I think, about nine hours, after hav-
ing come within an ace several times of break-
ing up without any agreement at all. The gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] my
colleague on the conference committee on the
part of the House, admits that it was a very
closely-contested matter, and that the con-
ferees insisted most obstinately on securing
the giving of effect to the views of the House.
This report is the result. It is the best result
that the committee—at least this committee,
or perhaps any other committee—could get.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman will allow
me to ask a question, I desire to know whether
the contest he speaks of was as to the seventh
section of the bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; it had reference
mainly to the rate per cent, on the bonds—
whether there should be any five per cent,
bonds at all, and whether there should be any
four and a half per cent3. In regard to the
banks, the difference between the House and
the Senate resulted, oven by the concession
which was made in very little being given to
the Senate, compared with what they demanded;
for they demanded their own bill, that every
bank in the country should exchange its six
per cent, bonds for the bonds required by this
act.
Now, there are some two thousand millions
of bonded debt of the United States to be taken
up, drawing, most of it, nearly all of it, six per
cent. This bill proposes to provide for refund-
ing $1,500,000,000—8200,000,000 at five per
cent.. $300,0(10,000 at four and a half per cent.,
and §1,000,000,000 at four per cent. Upon
the §200,000,000 at five per cent, wp should
save $2,000,000 by reducing the rate frflm six
per cent. ; upon $300,000,000, at four and a
half per cent., we should save $4,500,000; and
upon $1,000,000,000, reducpdto foijr percent.,
as contrasted with six per cent., the rp,te of the
present five-twenties, we should save $20,000,-
000. The bill, therefore, proposes to change
the securities of the Government as now out
by the substitution of new classes, vyhioh, if the
whole loan be taken, would make a saving in
the aggregate of $26,500,000 of interest annu-
ally. It is something worth trying for.
The objection made to this report, however,
is that while doing this we have introduced a
feature going a very small distance in the direc-
tion taken by the Senate, by which, pot the
banks at present organized but those hereafter
established under the national banking law,
shall be expected and required to bank upon
these new bonds. Now I desire gentlemen to
boar in mind that tho whole theory of the law
which we propose is that the old five-twenties
shall be as rapidly as possible exchanged, and
by purchase with the proceeds of the new
bonds taken up, and the new bonds entirely
substituted. Wherever the five-twenties are,
therefore, whether in the hands of the hanks
or in the hands of the Treasurer of the United
States, or in the hands of individuals at home
or abroad, wherever they may be,, they are
liable, just as fast as we can get the benefit of
this law, on notice given to the holders, to be
taken up, whether the holders are willing to
give them up or not, under the penalty, if they
do not give them up, of stopping the interest
on them, so that gradually the five-twenties
shall all be converted into the new bonds.
It seems to me, therefore, that if we are
going to have a new loan at all, if we are going
to try to pay off about $500,000,000 of the
bonded debt from the other resources of the
Government and substitute $1,500,000,000 of
new bonds, it is probably worth while to keep
up, as far as new institutions are concerned,
the provisions to which the new bonds relate,
when the whole object of our legislation is
gradually and as speedily as possible, to get rid
of the old bonds altogether, to pay them off,
discharge them, redeem them, exchange them.
Again, gentlemen should remember that
these banks will have the option, when they
organize hereafter, when they organize at the
West or elsewhere, under the present banking
law, of going into the market and buying at
whatever may be the premium upon them, old
bonds, or else going to tbe Treasury or else-
where, and getting new bonds, and exchanging
for them any old bonds they may hold for new
bonds. Those that hold old bonds will have
the option of selling them and obtaining now
bonds. Tbe object is simply this: that when
the Government begins to take up the old
bonds and wants to get rid of them entirely,
they shall not perpetuate the old bond system
by themselves holding those bonds. Again,
if they get four, four and half, or five per cent,
bonds, we have refused to put the limitation
which the Senate required in regard to the
amount if issue to be based upon them. We
leave them under the present law, and if they
choose to take four per cent, bonds and pre-
sent them to the Treasury when the bank is
organized, and get permission to base their cir-
culation upon them, that circulation is to be
ninety per cent, ou the four per cent, bonds,
under the existing law, and not eighty per
cent., as the Senate proposed; and that is
another matter to be considered.
I think, therefore, without detaining the
House by any extended argument on this sub-
ject, considering the various and wide differ-
ences between the two bodies, the Senate and
the House, and considering that we have nar-
rowed them all down to so small a point as we
have ; that although the House may not have
succeeded in getting the bill it passed back
from the committee of conference in precisely
the same shape in which the House sent it
there, stjll the House has as little reason to be
dissatisfied with the concessions made as is
ever'the case in committees of conference on
important subjects. And I leave off, therefore,
just where I begun these remarks, with the
prayer to the House to remember that tbe legis-
lative power of the United States is not vested
in the House of Representatives or in the Sen-
ate alone, but in the two acting together, and
that concurrence is necessary in order that any-
thing maybe dpne, and that neither body, there-
fore, can expect, either through a committee
of conference or otherwise, on any very doubt-
ful proposition, or where there is much divis-
ion of public sentiment, to get exactly what it
wants, but that there must be some conces-
sion in order that the two Houses may concur
in coming to some common conclusion.
I now demand the previous questipn, with
the assurance to gentlemen that if I am sus-
tained by the House in that demand, I will
yield to gentlemen on both sides who desire,
before the vote is taken, to be heard further
on this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much time
has the gentleman got now?
Mr. SCHENCK. Isballhave onehourafter
the previous question is seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like
to have a short time, then, after the previous
question is seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will certainly yield to
my colleague, if the House sustains the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the report
of the committee of conference on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
with it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope tbe gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I want to say a few words
myself on the subject of this report.
Mr. HOLMAN'. What debate will be al-
lowed after the previous question shall have
been seconded and the main question ordered ?
The SPEAKER. One hour.
Mr. RANDALL. If the main questioi} shall
be ordered, will not a motion to lay the report
on the table be in order at the end of the hour?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw the motion
to lay the report on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Tbe gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to my col-
league [Mr. Garfield] for five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want ten
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, 1 will yield for ten
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure my
own recent experience upon committees of
conference, if I had no other reason, would
lead me to desire very much, if I could do so
consistently, to agree to the report of this
committee, and I desire to say now that my
purpose in wishing to move to recommit this
report was that it might go to the same com-
mittee. And if the House should not agree to
it, I hope the Speaker will have the kindness
to the House and to all concerned to reappoint
the same committee of conference upon it. I
say this because I have no desire to see any
change of the personnel of that committee.
Now, if I can have the attention ot'the House
for five or six minutes, I think I shall be able to
show that the seventh seetiou of the bill em-
braced in the report of this conference commit-
tee will work very hardly indeed in reference
to the currency bill which wu very lately pushed.
Let me call th<- attention of the House briefly
to the features oi ihe bill proposed by this re-
port. It provides ior the issue of $'200,000,000
