1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 12, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 106) author-
izing the issue of blankets to enlisted men of
company B, tenth infantry, to replace others
destroyed by fire; was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of David N. Barrows, of Jackson, Missis-
sippi, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Tbomasville, Davidson county,North Carolina,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Memphis, Tennessee, in
behalf of the Southern Pacific railroad ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I pre-
sent a concurrent resolution of the two houses
of the Legislature of the State of Now York
attempting to call back New York's ap-
proval of the fifteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States. In present-
ing this transcript of proceedings I discharge
a distasteful duty. I avow my regret that a
record of action so hasty, so ill-advised, and
so nugatory should come here at all, and'rny
greater regret that it should come from the
State of New York. It carries its own refuta-
tion on its face. Its own recitals cancel it,
because they show that New York's approval
of the great act of equality, which temporary
majorities seek to destroy, has passed forever
beyond their reach. At another time, when
to do so will be in order, I shall ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to some considerations show-
ing how much and how little respeet these pro-
ceedings deserve. Meanwhile I move that they
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Cazenovia,
Madison county, New York, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; and I beg to
say that I concur heartily in all of it, except-
ing in the phraseology, which treats as a priv-
ilege, and a privilege belonging to members of
the two Houses, something which I regard not
only as an annoyance, but I might rather say
as a curse, as much to those who exercise it
as to others. I move that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition,
very numerously signed by merchants, bankers,
and others, of the city of New York, praying
for the establishment of a line of first-class
American steamships to ply between Norfolk.
Port Iioyal, and New York and Cadiz, Mar-
seilles, Genoa, and other ports of the Mediter-
ranean ; and I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition,
signed by many citizens of Albany, in the State
of New York, praying the erection of a public
building there to be used for post office and
other public purposes. I move its reference
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Jacob
Shy, of Decatur, Illinois, a soldiei of the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension ; wHe,h
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition, signed
by Thomas Russell, collector of the port of
Boston, Nathaniel B. Shurtleff, mayor, and a
large number of backers and merchants of
Boston, in favor of th,e establishment of a first-
class American steamship line to ply between
the ports of New York and Norfolk, and other
southern ports, and the Mediterranean. I
know most of the signers of this petition, and
know them to be gentlemen of the highest
character, whose opinions are entitled to con-
sideration. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition of Joseph M. Buckland, of Chelsea,
Vermont, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for back pay, lis having presented his applica-
tion in 1818, and the pension not having been
granted until 1856, through no fault of his.
He presents some proof of the facts and asks
for the action of Congress thereon. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of E. Mc-
Gliee, of Wilkinson county, Mississippi, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed by
order of Colonel Cook, third United States
cavalry; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
George A. Schriner, of Kansas, praying for an
increase of pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to present the
petition of Mrs. Louisa Kearney, praying an
increase of her pension. This petition is in-
dorsed and recommended by the Secretary of
War and ihe General commanding the Army.
I move its reference to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Dr. Charles II. Nichols and others, citizens
of the District of Columbia, remonstrating
against the removal or change of location of
the bridge across the Anaeostia, near the
navy-yard ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of settlers on
the Osage Indian lands, praying for the im-
mediate ratification of the Osage treaty, with
the amendments proposed April 21, 1869;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
ofAndrewD. Elam, ofHouston county, Texas;
A. W. Smith, of De Soto county, Mississippi;
Edward A. Burk, of New Orleans, Louisiana;
Jesse E. Dent, of Columbia, South Carolina ;
Isaac G. McKissick and Robert Macbeth, of
Unionville, South Carolina, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
James M. Rudolph, of the city of Charleston,
South Carolina, praying that he may be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel G. Webb,
deceased, late private company G, eighth regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry ; the petition of Susan
It. Choat, widow of William Choat, deceased,
late private company K, tenth regiment Ten-
nessee cavalry; and the petition of Oliver
Powers, late private company K, tenth regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry, praying for arrears
of pay and bounty; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Lucy
J. Jiles, widow of William H. Jiles, deceased,
late a private ill company A, fifth regiment
Tennessee infantry; the petition of Mrs. Mary
volunteers; the petition of Mrs. S. R. Do well,
widow o.f W. T. Dowell, late chaplain third
regjment Tennessee infantry, the petition of
Lucy Mumblehead, widow of David Mumble-
head, late a private in company D, tenth regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry; the petition of Nancy
Mumblehead, widow of Moses Mumblehead,
late a private in company D, tenth Tennessee
cavalry; and the petition of Mrs. Sarah Dun-
can, widow of Wilson Duncan, who was killed
by rebel soldiers near bis residence in Ander-
son county, Tennessee, while engaged in re-
cruiting for the United States Army, praying
that they may be allowed pensions;' which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers, of
Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas, be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mitteo on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of
Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of customs at Portland,
Maine, be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of Miner
Van Coon, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Henry
Blackwell. on tho files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
KEL'OltTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred sundry me-
morials in regard to the state of affairs in Texas
and against holding an election in Texas, and
for the establishment of a provisional govern-
ment there, have instructed me to report them
back and to ask to be discharged from then-
further consideration, the subject having under-
gone a change since the memorials were pre-
sented.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 15G) sup-
plemental to an act to abolish and forever
prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
of New Mexico and other parts of the United
States, have instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tho same committee,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 51) exempting all the counties of the State
of West Virginia from the operation of the act
of Congress entitled "An act to declare the
sense of an act entitled 'An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States,' "
have instructed me to report it back, with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
Tho report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 254) to
prevent the courts of the United States from
enforcing contracts concerning slaves, have
instructed me to report it back with a like
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 143) to
define the qualifications of voters in the Terri-
tory of Utah, have instructed m'e to report it
back and to ask that the Committee on the
.J ndiciary be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The report yras agreed to.
