1870.
THE CONGrRESSIOKAfc GLOB®.
3577
teaches the shedding of blood for the remission
of ains, or, in other words, if a Mormon apos-
tatizes his life is to be taken. When I com-
menced the investigation, two^ or three years
ago, of the questions involved in the bill under
consideration, I confess I knew little of Mor-
monism orof the crimes committed in its name.
The time is coming, andoowis( when this nation
will be held responsible for the continuance of
this system of barbarism and crime. I have
said that the Mormon system sanctifies and
enjoins robbery and theft as well as lust. Many
evidences of this might be given, but a few
must suffice. In a sermon delivered by Heber
C.Kimball, September 15, 1857, about the time
of the Mormon war, may be found the follow-
ing :
"Now, says tho Lord, ' Take that spoil; I conse-
crate it unto my people.' Tho Lorn will provido
for the saints when necessary, and in His own way."
The "Book of Doctrines and Covenants"
contains the following, which was quoted by
Kimball on the same occasion to justify thelt:
"Behold, it is_ said in my laws, and forhidden to
get in debt to thine enemies; but behold it is notsaid
at any time that tho Lord should not take whan Ho
pleases and pay as seemeth to Him good. Where-
fore, es ye are agents, and on the Lord's errands,
whatsoever ye do according to the will of the Lord
is the Lord's business, and He has sent yon to pro-
vide for the saints in these last days, that they may
obtain an inheritance in the land of Zion."
Brigham Young on many occasions has prac-
tically carried out this doctrine. Mr. Hyde,
in his book on " Mormonism," page 186, says:
" In 1852 beef was scarce in the tithing office, and
the church herd was small and very poor. Brigham
Young, through General Wells, ordered a youns
man, named Thomas Clayton, to fetch up a fat
ox belonging to Messrs. Holladay & Wn.rner. mer-
chants, then passing through Salt Lake City. It was
driven in. killed, and paid to the workmen on the
temple. Messrs. Holladay & Warner missed the ox,
traced it to the church slaughter-yard, and prose-
cuted Brigham. Tho slaughterman was brought to
tho witness-box, and he stoutly denied the fact.
This young man was now the important witness. lie
might fail, and Brigham went to him and told him,
'Oct out of the affair, and get us out of the affair
fithout lying if you can; but if you havo to lie,
om, don't break down.' He got them out of tho
affair by perjury, Acquitting himself, however, by a
mental reservation. He himself told me this inci-
dent, and rather boasted of it as a proof of how
'Brigham could come it over the Gentiles.'"
Here is not only actual theft committed, but
falsehood and perjury recommended and prac-
ticed to shield the guilty. Many other in-
stances quite as glaring, and more extensive;
might be given. Judge Charles B. Waite? who
was in Utah in 1863, took several affidavits of
credible persons in relation to , this and other
crimes practiced by the Mormons, and some
of them are published in Mrs. Waiters " Mor-
mon Prophet," the names of the affiants being
omitted for their personal safety. In one Of
thes6 affidavits, sworn to on the 2d day of May,
1883, may be found the following s
"In December, 1857, Bishop Abiah Wadswprth,of
Eiist Weber ward, gave permission to his friends to
steal cattle for beef from Gentile merchants, and
aided them in so doing. In carrying on these opera-
tions they took cattle belonging to Mormons who
had purchased them of Gentile merchants. Having
the Drandof those merchants upon them, it was sup-
posed they belonged to Gentiles. The taking of the
Mormon cattle gave rise to a church meeting to in-
vestigate tho affair. I was present at tho meeting.
The result Was, that those who had taken cattle
which were proved to belong to Moriaons, should
pay for them. It was also determiusd at tho game
meeting that those who had taken cattle belonging
to GentilesshGuIdpay their value to Brigham Young,
as trustee of emigrating fund. Tho Gentile owners
of these cattle had been driven out of the Territory."
It will appear, when I come to speak of the
horrid murders in Utah, that that crime is fre-
quently resorted to by the Mormons for the
purpose of robbery and plunder. The robbery
and extortion that the leaders have practiced
upon the newly converted wealthy "saints"
is perfectly amazing. Thousands and hundreds
of thousands, if not millions of dollars, have
been taken from them by fraud, by false pre-
tenses, and threats. Poor women are induced
before reaching Salt Lake City to pay large
sums of money for seats in the temple, and
on their arrival find that its foundations are
not completed. One man in Europe paid
$20,000 for a house and lot in Salt Lake City,
and being told to go to Brigham Young for it,
found there was none for him. Another had
$70,000 taken fromhim on some lying pretense,
Cases almost without number of this sort have
occurred. Over five hundred thousand dollar;*
from the European mission alone have gone
iuto the pockets of Brigham Young. He is
undoubtedly one of the riohest men in. tho
world, having boasted that he. could "put
down dollar for dollar with any monarch of
Europe." They borrow large sums of money
with no intention of ever paying it. Many hard
cases of this kind have occurred. Mr. Hyde
relates one, as follows;
" Gyrus Wheelock liad robbed an old gentleman
from Lancashire, England, of a largo amount of
money by borrowing without any intention of re-
turning it. On arriving at Salt Lake Mr. Loe re-
quested payment, and was coolly told by Af heelock.
'I used it for the poor saints; I shan't pay it; and
now what are you going to do about it?' Ml".Leo
appealed to Brigham, who thus publicly sanctified
repudiation:
" If an elder has borrowed from you, and you find
he is going to apostatize, then you may tighten the
screws upon him; but if he is willing to preach the
gospel without purse or scrip it is none of your
business what he does with tho money he has bor-
rowed of you. And if tho Lord wants it to use let it
go, and it i3 none of your business what he does with
I it. And if you murmur against that elder it will
Ereve your damnation. Tho money was not yours,
ut tho Lord Almighty put it into your hands to see
: what you would do with it.'"
| The witness from whose, affidavit, taken be-
! fore Judge Waite, I have already quoted, he
' having resided in Utah many years, further
, says;
"In tho winter of 1856 nman by the name of Jones
Was denounced and his life threatened in a ciiurch
meeting. The cause was this: he had loaned Lo-
renzo Snow in England £10!) to print tho Book of
Mormon in the Italian language. Upon arriving
in tho Territory Jones tried to get payment of tho
money, but could not. It was becauso he insisted
upon having his money that he was denounced.
"The meeting was held at Centerville, and so
much excitement was raised against Jones, and bo
many threats made against him, that he fled for his
life. At the same time the order was given that no
one should feed or entertain him, but he should ha
; loft to perish. Stoddard, one of the high priests,
told me that the bishop was so angry that he came
down from the stand to kill Jones in the meeting,
but ho fled. I saw Jones some weeks afterward.
He corroborated these statements, and said tho
bishop tried to kill him."
! On the doctrine of human sacrifice, or shed-
ding blood for the remission of sins, I have
I this evidence. It was first announced by J.
M. Grant, setiond councillor to the president,
I ia the following language:
' " Brethren and sisters, we want yon-te repent of
, your slna, And you who hare committed sftes that
cannot be forgiven through baptism, let your blo6d'
be Bbed and let the smoke ascend, that the incense
thereof may oome up before God as an atonement
for your sins, and that the sinners in Zion may bo
afraid."
Again, he says:
: " We hftvo been trying long enoagh with this peo-
ple, and I go in for letting the sword of the Almighty
be unsheathed, not only in word but in deed."
In accordance with these bloody teaching's
it is said that ati altar of sacrifice was actually
built by Grant} in the temple block, upon
which hnffi&n sacrifices were to be made. In
September, 1856, he said:
"I say there are men and women here that I would
advise to go to tho president immediately, and ask
him to appoint a Committee to attend to their case ;
and then let a place be selected, and let that- Com-
mittee shed their blood."
This horrible doctrine of sacrificing erring
saints has been fully indorsed by Brigham
Young, as follows:
"There are sins that men commit far which they
cannot receive forgiveness in this world or in that
which is to come; and if they had their eyes open to
see their condition they would be perfectly willing
to havo their blood spilled, upon the ground, that the
smoke might ascend to Hoavea as an offering for
their eins.
"I know when you hear my brethren telling about
cutting people on from the eatth that you consider
it strong doctrine. It is to. save them; nottodestroy
them. I will say further, I have hodman oorao to
me and offer their lives to atonofor theirein*. There
are sins that cannot be atoned for by an offering upon -
the altar as in ancient days, and there aro sins that
the blood of a lamb, or a calf, or of turtle doves can-
not remit; but they must be atoned lor by tho blood
of the man. That is the reason why men talk to you
as they do from this stand.''
I quote again from the affidavit iu Mrs.
Waite's "Mormon Prophet;"
"I have often hoard the doctrino of cutting tho
throats of apostates preached from the pulpit, partic-
ularly during the year 1856, when for several months
I scarcely attended meeting without hearing such
preaching. They would say, 'If you find aman with
his throat cut pay no attention to it.' "
Of the fact that dupes have actually been to
Brigham Young and asked him to take their
lives there i3 no doubt. So powerful is super-
stition and the teachings of these crafty and
wicked men ! Mr. Hyde says these sacrifices
have been "privately practiced," though I
doubt if it has been done to any considerable
extent. There is no doubt, however, that hun-
dreds and thousands of murders, public and
private, have been committed by orders from
the church authorities, and by the tools of its
leaders. Mr. Hyde, from whom I quote more
largely than from any other writer, because I
believe his opportunites for information better,
and his statements perfectly truthful, he lean -
ing iu favor of the Mormons in many things,
says:
" That the church has instigated many murders
there can be no question. Not only do thoy not deny
it, but even publicly preach its propriety as a means
of salvation. As soon as the news of the murder of
Squire liiibbott and party reached Salt Lako tho
impression grew strong in the minds of the people
that it had been done by the instigation of the church,
as Babbett was very troublesome, was feared, had
often been threatened, was a' covenant breaker,' and
consequently by law ought to die."
It was during the excitement growing out
of the murder of Babbett that Brigham Young
preached a sermon September 21,1866, in re-
lation to the spilling of blood, from which I
have just quoted. He did this to effectually
quiet the scruples of the people. It was pre-
tended that Babbett was killed by "Indians"
on the plains. But there is no doubt BrJ&ham
Young instigated the murder, and some one
belonging to his " death society" did the work.
Such was the opinion of Judge Waite and his
wife, after a conversation with Young on the
subject. Mr. Hyde, on page 104, says :
" When tho citiaens of Carroll and Daviessoounties,
Missouri, began to threaten the Mormons with expul-
sion in 1843, a* death society' wasorganilad, underthe
direction of Sidney Bigdon, and with the sanction
of Smith.. Its first captain was" Fearnot,' alia* David
Patten, an apostle. Its object was the punishment
of the obnoxious. Some time elapsed before finding
a suitable name. They desired one that should seem
to combine spiritual authority withasuitablesound.
Micohiv; 18, furnished tho ttrstnamo, 'Arise, and
thresh) 0 daughter of Zion 1 for I will make thy
horn iron, and thy hoofs braise and thou shall beat
in pieces many people; and I will consecrate their
gain unto'tho Lord, and their substance unto the
Lord of the whole earth.' This furnished them with
a pretext; it accurately described their intentions,
and they called theinselteS the 'Daughters or Zion.'
Some jidicule was made of these bearded and bloody
' daughter^' and tho name did not sit easily. . De-
stroying angels' came noxt; tho*Big Pan' of the
thresher that 'should thoroughly purge the floor'
was tried next. Genesis xtix: 17 furnished the name
that they finally assumed. Tho verse is quite sig-
nificant, ' Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an
adder in tho. path that biteth the horses' heels, «>
that hia- rider shall fall backward.' The ' Sons of
Dan' was the stylo they adopted; and many hav*>
been the times that they have been adders in th*
path, and many a man has fallen backward, and
has been seen no more. At Salt Lake, among them-
selves, they ferociously exult in these things, rather
than seek to deny or extenuate them.
"Some of the leading spirits of that band Xfe still
in Salt Lake City. O. P. Rockwell, the attempted
assassin of Governor Boggs, and who was instructed
by Smith to commit the deed, Brigham h s had in
tho pulpit to addross the meeting! A. W. Hickman,'
against whom many indictments are out in Iowa,
and who is publicly known as nn "avenger of blood,'
isone of Brigham's most particular intimates. It is no
secret at Salt Lake that several men have disappeared
after being last in the company of this man. This-
man was one With three other sUoh who left Silt Lako
without any ostensible reasons-fAr their journey, ami
traveled near to the spot where Messrs. Margetts t. t; d
Cowdy wero murdered, and returned bringing tho
iptwS of their murder. The circumstance is still more
significant, remembering that Margetts and OoWi.Iy
wero both 'covenant-breakingapostates;' that they
were returning to their native country; that ti cy
could mako many terrible disclosure,and do Mor-
monism much injury in England; that .it was
mon laVr that the? should dir>, afid Mormon ftSteriM
to kill them.' '
"Whatisfo* thesalvfttioh ofa s*iut,niu&t of coux-,-
be the very best means of securing tho salvation • 1
a 'Gentile and heathen WithoutthO gate.' Men w*o
aro Swtorn not to hesitato at tho sacrifice of them-
