1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xJJO^E.
ms
of fire per cent, bonds, of $300,000,000 of four
and a half per cent, bonds, and of $1,000,000-
000 of four per cent, bonds. I suppose few men
here believe that a four per cent, bond is at the
present time of any possible consequence. I
hope the time will come when such a bond may
be taken; but for the present there is to my
mind but little hope that a four per cent, bond
can be taken, in this country at least, where
money is worth so much more.
And, according to this bill, the Secretary of
the Treasury is not compelled to issue those
bonds; he is only authorized to issue them,
lie is authorized to issue these differentclasses
of bonds, and to designate what of the five-
twenty bonds he will take up and redeem. He
is compelled, however, to take up those that
are now redeemable. Now, what five-twenty
bonds are redeemable at this time? The banks
themselves hold abouttwohundred million dol-
lars of those bonds that are to-day liable to be
redeemed ; and one of the first acts of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury under this bill, if it shall
become a law, is likely to be an announcement
to those banks that the Department intends to
take up and redeem those bonds which they
now hold to the extent of $200,000,000. And
the redemption or exchange is likely to take
place almost entirely with the old batiks.
In that way all the five per cent, bonds
authorized by this bill may be taken up by the
old banks, while not one dollar of them will be
found for sale in open market, or be within the
reach of any of the new banks upon which to
base their circulation. And almost the same
thing may be done in regard to the four and a
half per cent, bonds. And if it be not done
through the banks, other parties who may want
to buy those bonds for the sake of holding them
can do so ; and it is only when the new banks
may be fortunate enough to find any of these
bonds in the open market that they will be able
to get any bonds at all upon which to issue any
of their circulation under the new banking law.
1 say, therefore, that it is practically within
the power of the Secretary of the Treasury and
of the old banks to prevent for an indefinite
period any action of the people under the new
banking law. I regard this seventh section
therefore, as an indefinite suspension of the
banking feature of the currency bill lately
passed.
But what seems to me a worse feature of
this measure is that it declares on its very face
and in its very terms that ali these new banks
shall be vassal banks as compared with the
banks already organized. The new banks
under the currency bill are entitled to go into
banking upon any gold-hearing bonds of the
United States which they may purchase any-
where. They have the range of the whole
field ; but according to the seventh section of
the bill now reported these new banks are to
be restricted to such bonds as the Secretary of
the Treasury in his discretion may choose to
^ sell them. They cannot, under this bill, go to
~ the Secretary of the Treasury, present their
money, demand the bonds, and deposit them
as security for their circulation. The bonds
cannot be bought unless the Secretary of the
Treasury chooses to sell them to the banks, or
has happened to issue them to soj«p_ persons
who are willing to sell them. He himself is
under no obligation to sell them. The new
banks must take their chances according to the
good pleasure of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the old banks, and the people with whom they
deal.
Under these circumstances, and considering
that the House has already deliberated upon
these matters and decided to strike out of the
currency bill every feature making a discrim-
ination between the old banks and the new, I
believe that now, when the ink with which oar
new currency bill has been engrossed is scarcely
yet dry, we ought not, to adopt a provision
which almost neutralizes whatever value there
may be in that currency bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Cannot the new banks
by tendering gold to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury obtain the bonds?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They cannot
obtain one dollar's worth of bon4s except 0,9
he may choose to issue them. There is no pro-
vision that upon going to him and tendering
gold they shall be entitled to the bonds. If
they come presenting the bonds he is then
bound to issue them the currency; but therp
is no provision whatever which entitles them
on the presentation of the gold to receive the
bonds. Let the gentleman read thie seventy
section, and he will find that the statement 1
make is clearly borne out by the language of
the provision. I hold, therefore, that whether
the conference committee intended it or not,
they do by this seventh section nullify the np^v
currency law.
Mr. Speaker, I understand from the remarks
of my colleague [Mr. Schekck] that the gx'eat
points of difference in the committee of con-
ference were as to the classes of the bonds,
the rates of interest, and the terms of the loan;
that there was comparatively little difference
about this seventh scetion. I believe, there-
fore, that if the subject were recommitted to
the same committee the conferees on the part
of the House might go to the Senate commit-
tee and say, "Here is one point, which has been
overlooked, and if this can be rectified thp
report will go through the House without
trouble." I have no doubt that in a very short
time the conferees could agree upon a report
changing the seventh section so that it should
not neutralize oar legislation in reference to
the currency.
There is one other point which I desire to
make in this connection. My colleague [Mr.
Schenck] says that the time will be so short
before all the banks will have the new bonds,
instead of the old, that it is 110 very great
hardship to require the new banks to take the
new bonds. 1 say to the gentleman that it is
a hardship in this respect: that all the old
banks will keep in their hands every bond npt
yet due, bearing six per cent, interest, and
will almost certainly get every five per cent,
bond which is to be issued under this bill.
Thus the new banks will be left to browse on
the four per cents, as best they may. But
whether that be so or not, we leave in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury the
power to issue first whichever set of these
bonds he may choose, to delay the operation
of the currency bill as long as he pleases, and
in the end practically to nullify its effect.
I wish to make one other point. I do not
think it is necessary for the Government to pay
one half of one per cent, for the negotiation
of these bonds. This percentage will amount
to £7,500,000. It seems to me that one fourth
of one per cent, is an ample allowance. I
believe the recommittal of this report will secure
us a conference report we all can agree to;
and I will say in advance that I hope the same
committee will be charged with the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield first to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Bexjajiin] for five
minutes, and afteward to my colleague, [Mr.
Morgan.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
vote for this report of the conference commit-
tee. I think in its effect it would be unjust
to the people of the South as well as to the
people of the West.
Now, sir, what are the facts? We all know
that for seven years or more the East has en-
joyed a monopoly of banking. Since the war
the South and West have been here besieging
this capital for the redistribution of the cur-
rency, in order that they may enjoy some of
the benefits of the national banking system. It
has been refused session after session, until
within the last week, when an act passed this
House and passed the Senate for the issue of
354,000,000 in addition to the present banking
currency of the country, and for the redistri-
bution, eventually, of $25,000,000 more. That
act was approved by the president-but yester-
day. We of the West apd the South flattered
ourselves that at last tar4y justice had been done
to us, and we would be able from henceforth
to enter upon that field on a par with our more
fortunate friends in the East. But, sir, before
the in]s js dry with which the President placed
Jiis signature 011 that act, here comes in a prop-
osition saying to us that we may have that bank-
ing circulation, but that we will be compelled
to teise a bopd as a basis of that banking bear-
ing an interest pf on.e per cent, at least lower
than t]iat held by the banks in the East. To
that extent it is 3 direct discrimination against
our b^pksin the South and West of one per
pent., and perhaps two per cent. That, how-
pver, remains with the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
By this report of the committpe of conference
you compel us to take a bond bearing two per
cent, less interest than that which is held by
our eastern friends, so that they have in bank-
ing the advantage of two per cent, over us. It
is unjust and unfair, and I hope and trust this
House is not going to sanction it by the adop-
tion of this report.
Gentlemen say we will eventually require the
banks to surrender the six per cent, bonds
which they now held for four per cent, bonds.
I say to the gentlemen this is the best time we
can ever have tp enact that into a law if we
intend to do it at all. Why has not this con-
ference committee required all the banks to
take the bonds provided by this bill, and not
say alone to those who shall bank under the
currency bill passed a week or ten days ago
that they shall take the bonds provided for in
this bill, and that the banks in the East'shall
still enjoy the advantage they have enjoyed so
long? This is a pross injustice to the South
and to the West. There are, however, other
objectionable features in this conference re-
port. Those I have mentioned are the most
glaring, and they are the ones which stare us in
the face who represent western constituencies.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have the honor to rep-
resent one of the richest congressional districts
in the whole Union, so far as agricultural pro-
ducts are concerned. We have but $100,000
of banking capital in that whole district. We
are and have been unable to get any larger
share of the circulation ; but my constituents
flattered themselves that under the provisions
of the bill passed the other day they were going
to be placed on apar with the more favored sec-
tions ofthe country. This report, however, now
comes in to neutralize the whole effect of that
law just passed. It says to the South and to
the West that if they bank at all it must be on
the basis here provided. I hope, therefore, this
conference report will not be adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of discussing the details of the
pending conference report, nor for the purpose
of giving any special reasons why I, and I pre-
sume every gentleman on this floor representing
a Democratic constituency, will vote against
the bill; but I rise, sir, for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the House and ofthe coun-
try to the fact that the national credit act, as
well as the bill now before the country, recog-
nized the important principle that the law
authorizing the issue of the five-twenty bonds
was not a contract, but a mere act of the
Legislature, subject to repeal and modification
at any time when the judgment of the Legisla-
ture deems it proper so to modify that act.
It is important, sir, that this truth should be
recognized by those who take up these bonds,
doubling as they do the value of the original
amount invested in the five-twenty bonds.
For, sir, certain it is that, the day is not far
distant when this whole question must be set-
tled by the people, through their Representa-
tives, upon principles of equity; when the peo-
ple will be heard m this Hail upon the one
side, as well as the bondholder upon the other.
It is important that we should remember that
the people have some rights as well as the bond-
holders, And in behalf of tbe people, I give
