1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1689
"2. That to determine whether property found at
iS 1 enemy's property,' within the mewing of tho
law of priso, tho same teats may bo applied in do-
mestic as in international wars.
"S One of those tests is that the owner of the prop-
er so found has his domicile and residence in a
place of which the enemy has a certain kind and
Sp.^ree of possession. .
,T1 Richmond, Virginia, was, at the time of the
capture and condemnation of those vessels, under
mob possession and control of an organued, hostile,
Mli*erent power as to render it indisputably ene-
my's territory 'within the strictest definitions known
to tho laws of war."
The remaining authority relied on is the Mrs.
Alexander cotton case. If we are onlyto receive
as authority the principle actually decided in
that case, then I have to say it does not apply j
to the proposition we are now discussing, j
The issue in that case was whether certain cot-
ton seized was the subject of prize or of cap-
ture under the acts of Congress. The court
decided that the cotton was not maritime prize,
but was lawfully captured and should have
been turned over to the Treasury agent and dis-
posed of according to the act of March, 1868.'
The question was as to the status of the cotton,
not of its owner. Nevertheless, Chief Justice j
Chase, in delivering the opinion of the court, ;
did declare: i
" It is said that though remainingin rebel territory
Mrs. Alexander has no personal sympathy with the
rebel cause, and that her property therefore cannot
be regarded as enemy property; but this court can-
not inquire into the personal character and disposi-
tions of individual inhabitants of enemy territory.
We must he governed by theprinoipleof public law,
so often announced from this bench as applicable
alike to civil and international wars, that all the
people of each State or district in insurrection against
the United States must be regarded as enemies until
by the action of the Legislature atod the Executive,
or otherwise, that relation is thoroughly and perma-
nently changed."
He further said in that opinion :■
" Were this otherwise the result would not be dif-
ferent, for Mrs. Alexander being now a resident m
enemy territory, and in law an enemy, can have no
standing in any court of the United States so long
as that relation shall exist. Whatever might have
been the effect of the amnesty had she removed to a
loyal Stateafter taking the oath, it can have none on
her relation as enemy voluntarily resumed by con-
tinued residence and interest."
These two extracts contain nil that can, by1
any ingenuity, be construed to furnish any sup-
port of this doctrine of constructive treason.
I submit that they fail at least to the extent
of carrying the disabilities of loyal inhabitants
of enemy territory beyond the termination of
the war, so as to preclude such inhabitants from
claiming compensation for private property
furnished by them, or seized from them during
the war, to the use and benefit of the Govern-
ment. Mark the limitation of the disability at
the conclusion of the first extract, "until by j
the action of the Legislature aud the Execu-
tive, or otherwise, that relation is permanently
changed." Was not "that relation" perma-
nently changed in the case of the loyal Inhabit-
ants of the South by the suppression of the
rebellion, the return of peace, and the reestab-
lishment of the Government of the United
States? What did the court mean by this res-
ervation if they did not mean this ?
Observe a corresponding reservation in the
other extract. The Chief Justice says that •
"Mrs. Alexander being now & resident in enemy
territory, and in law an enemy, can have no stand-
ing in any court of the United States so long as that
relation shall exist.1'
When that relation ceases to exist, whatthen?
What is the inference? Is it not that when
that relation ceased to exist she would have a
standing in court for her cotton ? And may
not the loyal inhabitants of the South, when
their fictitious and assumed technical relation
of public enemy has ceased to exist by the
termination of the war, lawfully, rightfully,
justly claim compensation for their private
property seized to the use of the Government
during tfte war ? Mark especially the conclud■
ing language of that extract:
"Whatever might have been the
amnesty, had she removed to a loyal state alter
taking the oath," &e.
What is the implication here ? Nowt if Mrs.
Alexander might possibly have been entitled
to a standing in court by removing to a loyal
State even while the war was raging, can it be
said, now that all the States are loyal and these
southern loyal claimants are all now, therefore,
in loyal States, that they shall still be debarred
from preferring their claims because they were
once under the operation of this legal fiction
of publio enemies? j
But, sir, it is evident that the moral sense
of our courts and of all enlightened mankind
revolts against this iniquitous technicality.
The courts and our Christian publicists are
extrieatiug, if they have not already extricated i
themselves from the shackles of this degrading <
assumption of international law. Chief Jus- {
tice Chase, in this very case, so strenuously
relied on by the Senators, enunciates the mod- :
era doctrine on the subject as follows:
"Being enemy's property the cotton was liable to j
captare and confiscation by tho advevse party. It is
true that this rule as to property on land has re-
ceived very important qualifications from usage, from
the reasonings of enlightened publicists, and from
judicial decisions. It may now bo regarded as sub-
stantially restricted' to special cases dictated by the
neoessary operations of the w r,' and as excluding
in general' the seizure of the private property ot
pacific persons for thesako of gain.' *b e command*
ing general may determine in what special cases its
more stringent application is'required by military
emergencies; while considerations of public policy
and positive provisions of law, and the general spirit ;
of legislation, must indicate tho cases in which its J
application may be properly denied to the property j
of non-combatant enemies." j
Sir, that has the ring of true Jnfctal. That
is worthy of our Ohristian civilization. Sir, i
this miserable fiction will soon be assigned to
its appropriate fellowship with those abomin-
able doctrines of thePark Ages, when publicists
taught the lawfulness of poison and assassin-
ation as authorized instrumentalities of war. I
fortify these views by the high authority of
that great ornament of the bench. Chancellor
Kent:
"The general usage now is not to touch private
property upon land without making compensation,
unless in special oases, diotated by the necessary
operations of war, or when qaptured in places earned
by storm and whi6h repelled all overtures for a ca-
pitulation. Contributions are sometimes levied upon
a conquered oountry in liou of confiscation ot prop-
erty and as some indemnity for the expense of main-
taining order and affording protection. If the con-
queror goes beyond these limits wantonly, orwnenlt
is not clearly indispensable to; the J u t purposes ox
war. and seizes private property of pacific persons .
for the sake of gain, and destroys private dwellings i
or publio edifices devoted to civil purposes only, or ;
makes war upon monuments of Wt and models ox ;
taste, ho violates the modern usages of war, and is
sure to meet with indignant resentment and to be
held up to the general scorn and detestation ot the
world."—Kent's Oomvumtariet, pages 98,99.
Something of the same enlightened and just
sentiments must have been in the mind of
Chief Justioe Taney while delivering the opin-
ion of the court in the case of Mitohell vs. Har-
monv, already referred to, when, speaking of
the discretion as to the seizure of private prop,
erty.by officers of the Army, he said:
" But it must be remembered that the question here
is, not as to the discretion he may exercise m his
military operations, or in relation to those under hi 
command. His distance from home, and the duties
in which he is engaged, cannot enlarge his .power
over the property of a citizen, nor give him, in this
respect, any authority whioh he would not, under
similar circumstances, possess at home. And when
the owner has dono nothing to forfeit his rights,
every public officer is bound to respeot them, whetner
he finds the property in a foreign or a hostile ooun-
try, or inh^s own."
And here, Mr. President, I desire to refer to
a ease decided in the Court of Claims after the
war of the rebellion commenced, and growing
out of the rebellion, in 1868. It is the ease
of Grant vs. The United States ? repotted in 1
Huntington. It is a case where the plaintin 8
property,consisting of flonring-nnlls, dwelling-
houses, storehouses, shops, and corrals in Ari-
zona, was destroyed on the 16th ot July,
by order of Captain J. N. Moore, command-
ing United States troops in the vicinity of lac-
son, to prevent its falling into the hands of the
rebels who had control of that section of coun-
try at that tims. so that it was, in feet, enemy
country to all intents and purposes. Judge
Wilmot delivered the opinion of the court. I
will read his summing up of his opinion:
" Private property must not only be taken upon
urgent neoessity, but for public use, in order to fix
the liability of the Government to make compensa-
tion. Was the destruction of this property a taking
of it for publio use ? It is almost of equal publio
importance that military supplies be kept from tho
use of the enemy as that they minister to the sup-
port of our own armies. Writers on public law do
not discriminate between property destroyed to pre-
vent it from falling into the hands of an enemy, and
property taken for the actual sustenance of our own
military forces. In both cases it is treated as a tak-
ing for publio use. In the case of The American
Print Works e . Lawrence, (Zabriskie.) the supreme
court of New Jersey affirm that 'the destruction of
He uuiu, iu mis cube* mat mo prujjeny >vuo uc
stroyed by tho rightful order of tho commanding
officer, and upon an urgent and pressing necessity,
and to prevent it from falling into the hands of tho
public enemy andthoso hostilo to the United States;
that it was a taking for public use; and that tho
Governmentisbound under the Constitution to make
just compensation to the owner. Thelegal duty to
inako compensation raises an implied promise to do
so; and here is found the jurisdiction of this court
to entertain this proceeding."
And, sir, where, I ask, is there any reason
or justice in the law of postliminium which
does not equally support, indeed more forcibly
support the claim of loyal and true citizens,
although they may have been inhabitants of
enemy country, to be paid for their private
property taken and used by their own Govern-
ment. What is this law of postliminium f I
think I have but to read it, as laid down by
Vattel, to make an unanswerable argument in
favor of the claims under consideration.
Vattel says!
" The sovereign is bound to protect the persons
and property of his subjects, and to defend them
against the enemy. When, therefore, a subject or
any part of his property has fallen into tho enemy s
possession, should any fortunate event bring them
again into tho sovereign's power, it is undoubtedly
I his duty to restore them to their former condition;
i to establish their persons in all their rights and obli-
! gations; to give back the effects to the owners; in a
word, to rcplace everything on the same footing on
which it stood previous to the enemy's oapture."
On this point I will content myself with the
i citation of one more authority. It is that of
the late Mr. Stevens, than whom, I suppose,
there-were few men more competent to speak
on. questions of international law. In speak-
ing to a bill introduced by him in the House
of Representatives in 1867, entitled "A bill
relative to damages done to loyal men, and
for other purposes," be said:
"By the usages of nations the property of the cit-
izens of the belligerent Power taken or destroyed as
I a military necessity is paid by the uovernment. liut
Eroperty taken or destroyed by the enemy is not paid
y the Government. Strictly speaking, tho prop-
1 erty of cuiasens of the hostile Government, though
■ friendly to the conqueror, cannot be charged to the
: victor. But in civil wars It seems to me that a dis-
t tinotion should be made, and those who had suffered
for their adherence to the parent Government should
! be taken care of in adjusting the conditions of peace.
 «♦♦*•****
" If the war had been between two regular Goyern-
j menta, both of which suryived the war, the victor in
the treaty of peace would rwuire the vanquished to
pay all such damages as well as all the expenses of
the war. If neither had conquered the other, they
would probably be silent and eaoh bear his own loss.
Congress is dictating the terms of peace. If she does
not provide for these meritorious claimants she will
be bound in honor to pay them out of the national
Treasury. If she does not,indmduals will be wronged
and the nation dishonored."
I repeat, sir, that there is no more reason
why we should restore to the loyal citizen of
Pennsylvania the property belonging to him
whioh we recaptured from the enemy than there
ig that we should pay the loyal citizen of Virginia
or any other rebel State for his property which
our armies seized and applied to public use.
The obligation of the United States under the
Constitution is as strong to protect the person
and property of the loyal citiaen of Virginia as
it ia to protect the person and property of the
citizen of New York.
Mr. Preaident, to enforce this barbarous
dogma of constructive treason, filched up from
the rubbish of the past, would be to reverse the
practice and policy of our own Government
during the whole time of the war. We are
estopped from avowing any such dishonoring
