2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
conquered its opponents, go to the polls, and,
having gone through all the forms of the faroe
of an election, claim it as conferring a valid
and rightful title to office.
That is the whole of it: and now, it'you de-
cide this question against the sitting member,
all that will be necessary throughout the South
will be for the Kuklux Klan to be abroad in the
land until two or three days before the election,
murder the white leaders, Kuklux the blacks,
scatter our party to the four winds, drive the
poor negroes in the country to the swamps,
where some in this State remained for two
weeks, hiding like hunted beasts of the chase
from beasts of prey or keeping secluded in their
homes and afraid to look forth on the light on
the day of the election ; all you have to do is to
make that the rule,and the election of Kuklux
leaders and Knights of the White Camelia will
be a simple matter of so much powder and
lead all through the South. It would be mad-
ness, it would be outrage, if we should sustain
such a doctrine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. It has been agreed by
unanimous consent that the vote on this ques-
tion shall be taken at the expiration ot the
morning hour to-morrow if there be a morn-
ing hour, and if there be no morning hour then
one hour after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. KERR. I desire, before this subject is
laid aside, to request gentlemen upon the other
side of the House to send to the document-
room and get the brief of Caleb S. Hunt in
this case, and also the detailed statement of
the returns of the election by precincts, to-
gether with the Governor's statement and the
subsequent statements as shown by the testi-
mony in this case, which will explain the dis-
crepancy between myself and the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,] and show
that the figures at which I have arrived are
exactly correct.
breakwater in barnstable bay.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1769) to provide for
the construction of a breakwater in Barnstable
bay; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
homestead law.
Mr. SCOF1ELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1770) amendatory
of the homestead act of May 20, 1862, in favor
of honorably discharged soldiers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
tho Committee on the Public Lands.
unlisted men in the navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD also,byunanimousconsent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1771) to fix and
establish the number of enlisted persons in the
Navy of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
railroad land grant.
Mr. BUCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1772) to grant the right
of way to the Alabama and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company to the Pacific, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and War of 1812 was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1502) granting a pension to Elizabeth Jones,
of North Carolina; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD, the same
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the heirs of
Benjamin Harvey, a revolutionary soldier, for
relief; and the same was referred to the "Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Crebs from the 14th instant
until May 4, and to Mr. Dyer for ten days.
member-at-large from virginia.
Mr. STEVENSON, in pursuance of leave
previously given, presented in writing the views
of the minority of the Committee of Elections
in the case of Hon. Joseph Segar, claiming
a seat in the House as member-at-large from
the State of Virginia, accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
liesolved. That Joseph Sogar is entitled to a seat
as tho Representative of the State of Virginia at
largo in thoForty-Sirst Congressoftho United States.
Mr. RANDALL. Who signs that minority
report?
The Clerk read as follows:
JOB E. STEVENSON,
D. IIEATON.
S. S. BURDETT.
X concur in the conclusion of the preceding report,
as expressed in tho resolution, giving Mr. Segar his
seat. P. M. BOX.
The minority report was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
charges against general howard.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. li. No. 245)
making an appropriation to defray the expenses
of the Committee on Education and Labor
incurred in pursuance of investigation ordered
by the House of Representatives ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. WOOD said : I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House a few minutes since
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
aresolution to defray the expenses of the invest-
igation ordered by the House a few days since
with reference to General Howard. 1 make
that motion for the purpose, should it be carried,
of asking the House to vote that appropriation
at once, so that the investigation may proceed
immediately, for I ain advised that nothing
will be done toward investigating the allega-
tions against General Howard unoilthis money
has been appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. For how much does tho res-
olution provide ?
Mr. WOOD. The committee charged with
the investigation ask for an appropriation of
$3,000.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope it will be done now.
Allow me to say that nothing will be gained
by referring the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, for we would report
it back to-morrow morning as asked for by
the committee who are to make the invest-
igation.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the sum of $3,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, shall bo appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to defray the expenses that may
be incurred by the Committee on Education
and Labor of tho House of Representatives in
conducting the investigation ordered by resolu-
tion of the House of April 6, 1870.
Mr. WOOD, This is a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. It must be a joint reso-
lution to make an appropriation out of the
Treasury.
Mr. WOOD. Why not make it a simple
resolution of the House to pay the expenses
of the investigation out of the contingent fund
of the House?
Mr. DAWES. The contingent fund of the
Househasbeen exhausted. That isthe reason
why we-inust pass a joint resolution to appro-
priate the necessary amount.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was then agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
refer; and being taken, it was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsiderthevoteby
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to., ,
nicholas lachakce and others.
Mr. MUNG-EN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H; R. No. 1773) for the relief
of Nicholas Laehance and others; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
iieirs 01? antoine peltier.
Mr. MUNGENalso, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the pay-
ment of a debt due to the heirs of Antoine
Peltier; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee of Claims.
trustees of cairo cut property.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 247) for
the relief of the trustees of the Cairo city
property, of Cairo, Illinois; which "was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
S. s. taylor and e. parsons.
Mr. CREBS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 246)
for the relief of Samuel Stalls Taylor and
Edwin Parsons, of Cairo, Illinois ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes given to-day for the reference or
recommitment of bills and joint resolutions;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to-; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. ra.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of clerks in
the State Department, askingto berelieved from
payment of tax on salaries on the ground that
their salaries have not been increased since the
beginning of the war, and that they have been
subjected to heavy burdens arising from in-
creased cost of living and the payment of rev-
enue taxes imposed for the support of the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. BOOKER : The petition of John S.
H. Burwell, of Mecklenburg county, Virginia,
praying for compensation for five horses taken
by the Army in 18G5.
By Mr. BRADFORD: The petition of Fred-
erick Watson and287 others, citizens of Costila
county, Colorado, against annexation to New
Mexico.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of Hon.
8. C. Huntington and 100 others, citizens of
Pulaski, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rial of Matthew Simpson, George G. Meade,
Daniel M. Fox, George H. Stuart, Jay Cooke,
J. Francis Bourns, and others, in behalf of the
National Homestead at Gettysburg, now shel-
tering and educating soldiers' orphans from
the States of Massachusetts, Vermont, Connec-
ticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, Illinois,
Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee, and Florida.
By Mr. HILL: A petition of 194 citizens of
Newark, New Jersey, asking for the entire
