5466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
solemn notice to gentlemen that this bill, if it
should pass, is not a finality upon the question,
but that it remains open for adjustment, for an
equitable, honest, and honorable adjustment,
•whenever the people shall express a desire for
that adjustment through their Representatives.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire in a few words to
close this debate. There have been some very
singular objections made. I premise, in answer
to them, by saying that I have always been in
favor of equalizing the bank capital by taking
from those States that have it now in excess
and giving it to others where they have not
their due proportion. I therefore—though it
■was not by any means such a bill as in some
respects I would have preferred—was induced
to vote, for the sake of the little I could get in
that direction, for the currency bill of my col-
league [Mr. Garfield,] who now opposes this
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I should like to ask him just here,
cannot any individual procure from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury bonds under this bill for
gold?
Mr. SCHENCK. Unquestionably.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And the explanation of
our colleague [Mr. Garfield] is not correct?
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] now objects to this bill because it sim-
ply authorizes the Secretary to issue these
bonds, and he may choose to issue the small
quantity provided of five per cents, and four
and a half per cents., and not issue any four
per cents, at all. I reply to that by asking
iny colleague whether, ever since the organ-
ization of the Government of the United States,
there has been a funding bill passed which
provided for the issuing of bonds by any other
words? The Secretary of the Treasury, as the
agent for the Congress of the United States,
is told here, "We give you the power of at-
torney to do so and so; " and that always
has been construed as a construction to do
it. And it is exactly the language the Senate
have in their bill, which the House had in its
original bill, which is in every bill which has
ever been passed in this country directing a
public loan to be made.
Well, then, will the Secretary do it, or will he,
holding this power of attorney from Congress,
choose to put out a few bonds, such as may
suit his own notions if he differed from Con-
gress, and not offer the others on the market
at all? I think we may have some confidence
that the present Secretary of the Treasury
will obey, as all Secretaries have done, the
law in matters of this kind. Here are three
classes of bonds provided for, and the policy
of the Secretary of the Treasury is, if we
would give him some of these other classes,
fives and four and a halfs to use, he could use
them, particularly with the advantage of pre-
mium on the fives, to float and put on the mar-
ket the new four per cents., and thus secure
the taking of the whole loan.
But my colleague says that he does notbelieve
these bonds will be taken—certainly not the
four per cents. All I can say as to that is, we
have been hearing that from Senatois during
the last few days, stated and reiterated, and that
in the face of the fact, that if there were no
other features of the law passed providing as
the House bill did, for a $1,000,000,000 of four
per cent, bonds, we have every reason to be-
lieve there will be an agent here in the month
of August to take half the loan. I admit this,
that the offer to take one half is accompanied
with the expectation that the coupons will be
made payable abroad. That the House has
not done ; that we have not done. We have
left it an American bond in the fullest sense
of the term, with the principal and interest
payable at the Treasury of the United States.
Yet, notwithstanding that, I feel perfectly con-
fident, for one, that we shall not have to wait
very long before not only a fair proportion of
the fives, four and a halfs, and fours, duly reg-
ulated and managed with a view of their aiding
each other in the start, but the fours, too, will
be largely taken.
But it brings the hardship, it is said, to the
banks yet to be organized under the general
banking law that they cannot get bonds to bank
on. Why, really, I do not understand the force
of that objection. They might have difficulty in
getting-five twenties, and if they got them they
might receive notice in a very short time from
the Secretary of the Treasury, '' Y our five-twen-
ties are to be paid off under the new funding
bill, and I have a right, on three months' notice,
to stop the interest on them and compel' you
to bring them forward to be paid off." They
might have still greater difficulty in getting ten-
forties, and they might have to pay a premium
if they did get them. But the bonds authorized
by this bill they can always get, and if my col-
league's argument is good the Government
will thank them for talcing them. If they are
such that he thinks they cannot be put afloat,
but will remain in the hands of the Govern-
ment, banking associations will have no diffi-
culty in getting bonds on which to bank. The
truth is, they can have no difficulty about it.
The truth is, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury,following out the policy which he proposes,
and which has been looked to by the commit-
tee of both Houses and by the Senate and
House, will use this bill, if it shall become a
law with three classes of bonds authorized by
it, in such a way as to putthem all proportion-
ately upon the country from the start. Those
who wish to bank upon new bonds, those who
wish to establish new banks, will have no
difficulty in gettingnew bondsfor thatpurpose.
They will get them, if not upon easier terms,
at least upon fair terms, by exchange or by
purchase, or by subscription if they come to
the Government; and when they do get them,
although they may get but four or four and a
half or five per cent, interest on their bonds,
I think experience has shown us that banking
under the general banking law is not such a
bad business that they will not make a pretty
fair profit on their investment, even at that
rate, on the bonds held by them.
If it be true that the banks generally have
made about eighteen per cent, on the average
all round, and some of them a great deal more,
I have no fear but what there will be candi-
dates enough to organize new banking institu-
tions and associations and take these new bonds
even at four, four and a half, and five per cent.,
which the Government offers them, and which
they will have no difficulty whatever in securing,
to go on with the banking business from which
they expect their profit.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask the gentle-
man why, then, we should not require the old
banks to exchange their bonds for those pro-
vided for in this bill ? Why discriminate against
the new banks?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not the question
here. We have not required them to do it,
mainly, I suppose, because when that propo-
sition was made, throughout the whole length
and breadth of the country it seemed to be
received with an idea that there was some harsh
treatment of those banks that had already
secured their bonds and gone to work upon
them.
And let me say further, that these old banks,
any that are now authorized and sanctioned by
law and doing business by issuing a circula-
tion based upon these old bonds, will be doing
business, if this shall become law, all the time
under the threat or under the shadow of a pro-
vision of law which amounts to more than a
threat, to a certainty—that from time to time
they will be compelled to give up their old
bonds and take these new bonds, because their
old bonds are to be paid off or exchanged.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman knows
very well that the bonds of 1868 will not be
due for three years yet. The banks can at
least hold those bonds for that length of time
before you will have any right to redeem them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot for my life, Mr.
Speaker, get up this tender sympathy for the
banks which some gentlemen seem to have.
I know that the banks have threatened that
if you legislate so and so they will wind up
and go out of business. But I never believed
a word of it. I know that those who want to
organize banks will say that if you impose
any restriction in regard to the new bonds
in which you are trying to fund your public
debt they will do you some great mischief;
they will not subscribe for your bonds and
will not go into the banking business. Sir,
there is no danger that such a terrible calam-
ity will befall us. So long as banks are able
to make an average profit of from twelve to
eighteen per cent, per annum, and in many
instances a great deal more, there will be no
difficulty in getting applicants enough to carry
on any banking for which facilities are afforded
by any law this Congress may pass.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, Will my col-
league allow n e to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. A question? Yes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the old banks
are making from eighteen to twenty per cent.
I should think the gentleman would be ready
to admit that they were more able to bear this
than the new banks that are uot yet organized
and have made nothing at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen have shifted
their ground entirely.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. A short time ago they
were all loud-mouthed against the provision of
the Senate bill which was coercive upon the
banks. Now, when we agree not to resort to
any coercive measures, but to say that as the
policy of the Government is to get rid of all
its old bonds, 111 whosoever hands they may be,
and to substitute for them new bonds at a low
rale of interest, and thus relieve the people of
a part of the burden they are now compelled
to bear, and when we ask that in the future
when any banking business is to be carried on
it shall be done upon these new bonds, these
same gentlemen come back and make an out-
cry against the old banks. That is. their sym-
pathies are one way one day and another way
another day.
This debate commenced with an objection to
this feature of the report of the committee of
conference, and the expression of a desire that
it shall be struck out. Now the ground seems
to be changed, and this feature is not only to
be retained, requiring the banks to be organ-
ized in the future te do their banking business
on these new bonds, but it is to be extended
so as to put in all the coercive measures of the
original Senate bill. Now, I do not under-
stand 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ It is to treat
both alike ; that is the only object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not understand this
mode of doing things; being first upon one side
and then upon the other.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is to treat
both alike ; that is the only object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg gentlemen to remem-
ber that we have no objection to requiring the
transactions of the country by banks or other-
wise to be hereafter based u pon these new bonds.
We are but carrying; out the general idea of the
law we propose, which is to get rid of the old
bonds altogether, to exchange them, to change
them, to buy them up with the proceeds of
these new bonds ; until, as we hope, in a very
few years, neither the banks nor anybody else
will hold any except the bonds issued under
the law authorizing this new loan,
Mr. RANDALL. I would like the gentle-
man to state the reason of the discrimination
between tne old banks and the new—why the
committee of conference has not made the bill
coercive upon the old banks as it was originally.
Mr. SCHENCK.- Well, Mr. Speaker, it is
very hard, in changing our law and seeking
to bring about a new condition of things, to
make the law operate with perfect equality upon
everybody alike. There are equities to be con-
