1690
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
doctrine now by our own wiser and more en-
lightened precedents in repeated instances and
in a variety of forms. Let me refer to some
of them ; and first, observe section six of act
of July 17, 1862, Statutes-at-Large, volume
twelve, page 591:
"That if any person within any State or Terri-
tory of the United States, other than those named as
aforesaid, after the passage of this act, being engaged
in armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixty days afterpublic warning and
proclamation duly given and made by the President
of the United States, cease to aid, countenance, and
abet, such rebellion and return to his allegiance to the
United Statos, all the estate and property, moneys,
stocks, and credits of such person shall bo liable to
seizure as aforesaid; and it shall bo the duty of tho
President to seize and use them as aforesaid,or tho
proceeds thereof. And all sales, transfers, or con-
veyances of any such property, after the expiration
of the said sixty days from the date of such warning
and proclamation, shall bo null and void; and it
shall be a sufficient bar to any suit brought by such
person for the possession ortbeuso of such property,
or any of it, to allege and prove that he is one of
the persons described in this section."
There is a plain and palpable distinction be-
tween the loyal and the disloyal. It was only
those who refused to testify their loyalty whose
property was to be confiscated. But 1 beg the
special attention of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to section tea of
the same act:
" Thajt no slave escaping into any State, Territory,
or the District of Columbia, from any other State,
shall be delivered up, or in any way impeded or hin-
dered of his liberty, except for crime, orgome offense
against the laws, unless the person claiming said
fugitive shall first make oath that the person to whom
the labor or service of such fugitive is alleged to be
due is his lawful owner, and has not borne arms
against the United States in the present rebellion,
nor in any way given aid and comfort thereto."
Thus during the war we had this distinction,
going even to the extent that where a slave had
escaped from his master in the South to the
northern and loyal States, the slave might be
surrendered to the master if the master could
establish his loyalty.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
West Virginia if he is in favor of paying those
claims ?
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, I would pay every
honest claim. I do not know that at that time
I would have paid such a claim. Would the
Senator from Nevada?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. WILLEY. Then the Senator and I
agree; and so we shall have no controversy.
This section was a subject of consideration
by the Supreme Court in the Mrs. Alexander
cotton case. The folio wing is an extract from
the reporter's syllabus of that case:
" Our Government, by its acts of Congress of March
12,186?; (12 Statutes-at-Large, 591,) to provide fbrthe
collection of abandoned property, &e., does make
distinction between those whom the rule of inter-
national law would class as enemies; and, through
forms which it proscribes, protects the rights of
property of all persons in rebel regions who, during
the rebellion, have in fact maintained a loyal adhe-
«ion to the Government; the general policy of oar
legislation during the rebellion having been to pre-
serve for lOyal owners obliged by circumstances to
remain in rebel States, all property or its proceeds
which has come to the possession of the Government
or its officers."
There, too, is the proclamation, earlier than
those statutes of August, 1861, excepting from
its operation parts of certain States in rebel-
lion because the inhabitants were loyal.
Sir, we have carried this fact I am avowing
into the national Constitution, the fourteenth
amendment. We there make a fundamental
discrimination in favor of those who were loyal
during the war. You do there practically deny
that the loyalists of the South were ever public
enemies. By this process of constructive trea-
son, by this principle of making people public
enemies who happened to live in insurrec-
tionary districts, you made more than three
hundred thousand slaves of the South public
enemies. And yet you extended to these pub-
lic enemies the blessings of emancipation ;• and
you have appropriated millions of dollaTS to
feed, clothe, and eduoate these constructive
traitors and public enemies; Bat when the
white loyalist asks you to pay him for the horse
he furnished for our armies, or the food he
furnished to our soldiers, he is repelled with
the rebuke that he was a public enemy. And
the President of the United States rebuked
this odious doctrine of constructive treason, and
placed himself upon the modern platform of
our Christian civilization, when he instructed
his generals in the field that—
"The United States aaknowledge and protect, in
hostile countries occupied by them, religion and
morality, strictly privato property, &c. Offenses to
the contrary shall be rigorously punished."
We all know that our generals habitually
afforded safeguards to protect the property of
loyalists in the South during the war. On this
hypothesis of loyal public enemies how can
you reconcile the fact that you continued two
of them, Justices Wayne and Catron, on the
bench of the Supreme Court of the United
States, not only permitting them to act in the
high and responsible position of judges, but
regularly paying them for their services? How
of the forty-seven thousand soldiers enrolled
from Tennessee to swell the ranks of your
armies and to carry the standard of the Re-
public? You paidlhem also for their services.
How of those other thousands collected from
every State engaged in the rebellion to fight
the battles of the country ? All these were
paid for their services.
And throughout our whole reconstruction
policy, in every act of Congress in that behalf,
almost in every section and sentence, we have
repudiated this horrible pretension of construct-
ive treason and discriminated in favor of the
loyal citizens of the South. So that I repeat,
that the whole practice and policy of the Gov-
ernment until very recently has been averse to
this fiction by which actual friends and faithful
citizens are transformed into public enemies.
Mr. President, while the war was actually
raging, and the event of it uncertain and un-
determined, there might have been, perhaps,
some color of propriety in this legal fiction;
because it could not be certainly known that
the enemy might not triumph, and the peo-
ple and property and territory all might be
included in another and independent national-
ity, and be permanently separated and ex-
empted from the authority and jurisdiction of
the United States. Their fealty as citizens and
the obligation of protection on the part of the
United States might be dissolved and destroyed
by the result of the war. They might against
their will become foreigners, citizens or sub-
jects of a foreign Government; but when the
rebellion failed, and the authority of the Con-
stitution was practically reestablished over the
property, person, and territory of the loyal
citizen of the South, how can it be logically,
lawfully, or honorably said that such a citizen,
who bad never betrayed his trust or forfeited
his allegiance by word or deed, must be still
held subject to the disabilities of an actual
enemy ?
Sir, it is derogatory to the Constitution to
admit that the loyal citizen's rights, even tem-
porarily, were suspended; that ever there was a
moment when he might not everywhere claim
its beneficent protection. Sir, was there ever a
momeut during the war when the Constitution
was not the rightful supreme law of the land
over every inch of the Republic? Was there
ever a moment when every citizen of the
United States, loyal or disloyal, did not owe
his rightful allegiance to the Constitution ? If
there was, where else did his allegiance be-
long? If loyal persons within enemy territory
were not still citizens of the United States,
under the Constitution of the United States,
and entitled to* the-protection of the United
States, what were they? Who were they?
Were they ever, absolved from their alle-
giance? Were they foreigners? No, sir; they
were not only citizefis of the United States,
but were entitled to all the rights and immuni-
ties of faithful citizens, and those who were
disloyal, those who' had levied war against
the United States, were citizens also, subject
to the penalties of the violated laws. Else
how could they be traitors ? Else how could
you denounce penalties against them as trai-
tors? Else how can you reconcile your legis-
lation against them as rebels? Sir, on this
hypothesis, that loyal men of the South were
public enemies, not entitled to the protection
of the Constitution, the insurgents were not
rebels at all; the States at war were, indeed,
out of the Union ; and instead of rehabilitating
them by what is called the removal of political
disabilities by act of Congress from the people
there, we ought to require them, as foreigners,
to be naturalized in due form of law.
Mr. President, this theory of inter armu.
silent leges can have no place here in this age
and under our form of government, if it ever had
a place anywhere. We live under a constitu-
tional Government, uuder a written Constitu-
tion ; and, sir, it is never silent; its "still,
small voice" reaches every shore in the Repub-
lic. It fell upon the ear of every soldier on
either side of every battle of the rebellion, and
was not to be drowned by the thunder either
of the eloquence or the artillery of the traitor.
It was mightier than the sword. Its prevalence
could not be circumscribed by lines of bayo-
nets. Wherever there was treason it was there
to puuish. Wherever the heart beat loyally,
whether in rebel dungeons or in the hiding-
places of mountain or morass, there the Con-
stitution promised the faithful citizen rescue
and redress. And now, that its authority is
unresisted and undisputed, we shall prove our-
selves far less worthy than he if we fail to
redeem that promise.
No, sir; the true theory is this: the citizen
owes allegiance, fealty. In consideration of
this the Government guaranties protection.
One party cannot disregard the compact while
the other remains faithful to it, either in time
of war or peace. The terms of this compact
respecting the matter now under consideration
is, "Nor shall private property be taken for
public use without just compensation." This
is later than Vattel or Bynkershoek. It is
explicit, too. It is not a mere deduction from
the varying and uncertain usages of nations,
ancient or modern. For us, for this country,
for the American people, it is paramount to
all international law. It is our written bond,
and there is no reservation in it, of time, place,
or circumstances. It is as binding in civil war
as in foreign war. It makes no exception. It
admits of no exception. There it is—one of
the most precious securities of the American
citizen.
Mr. President, the truth or fallacy of a prop-
osition is often most readily ascertained by
making a practical application of it. A sim-
ple illustration is sometimes an unanswerable
argument. Allow me to suggest one or two.
Here, sir, is a man from the city of New
York, or Chicago, or $ny other city of a loyal
State—it matters not what city or locality in
the loyal States. For convenience I will call
him Shoddy. The only interest he took in
the late war was the opportunity it afforded to
speculate upon his country's misfortunes and
to accumulate wealth by peculation and fraud.
He watched the ever-varying vicissitudes of
the terrible conflict, eager only to turn its de-
feats aud triumphs alike to his personal pecu-
niary profit. His eye never kindled when he
looked upon the flag. No pang ever smote
his heart when there came tidings of defeat;
no joy swelled his bosom when victory perched
on our standards; but money, money, was the
god of his idolatry, at whose shrine he wor-
shiped with a devotion so deep that no cry of
woe, no spectacle of sorrow, ever disturbed it.
He virtually coined gold out of the calamities
of his country.
Sir, you know that I am presenting no fancy
sketch. You have seen this man a thousand
times. He may be seen any day walking our
streets; and he succeeded in his purpose.
Hundreds of thousands of ill-gotten gains
flowed into his coffers; and now his money, con-
verted into bonds, payable in gold—}ie drives
