676
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess .
Laivs of the United States.
district of San Francisco, and there shall be ap-
pointed a surveyor of customs, to reside at said
port, who shall perform the duties and receive
the compensation and emoluments prescribed
in the act of Congress, approved March two,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, being "An
act allowing the duties on foreign merchan-
dise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, Saint Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any I
vessel of five hundred tons, or over, coming I
from or going to sea, may proceed directly to j
or from Yallejo, and report through said sur- j
veyor to the collector of customs at San Fran- j
cisco, and avoid the risk, expenses, and delay, !
by anchoring then;. ]
Approved, July 1, 1870. |
Chap. CXCI.—An Act to confirm Entries of
Public Land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in cases where entries
were made in the State of Alabama under the
act of Congress approved the fourth of Au-
gust, eighteen hun'drcd and fifty-four, entitled
"An act, to graduate and reduce the price of
the puhlic lands to actual settlers and culti-
vators," and the parties in good faith went
upon the land embraced in their entries, and
became actual settlers and cultivators thereof,
according to the requirements of the law, but
were afterward forced to abandon their homes
on the land, in consequence of the disturbed
condition of tho country during the hire war,
their entries shall be confirmed and patented
to them, their heirs or assigns, respectively,
notwithstanding such abandonment, on satis-
factory proof of the facts being produced to
(he Commissioner of the General Land Office,
within twelve months from the approval of
iliisact: Provided, That nothing in this net
shall be soeonstrued as to confirm any entries
which have heretofore been annulled and
vacated by said Commissioner, on account of
fraud, evasion of law, or other special cause :
And provided further, That this act shall not
affect the rights of subsequent purchasers in
good faith.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Ciur. CXCII.—An Act to repeal certain sec-
tions of Acts passed by the 'Territorial Legis-
lature of Wyoming.
Beit enacted by the Sena te and House of Rep-
resentatiresof the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the following sections
of acts, passed by tho Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming, to wit: the fourth and
sixth sections of an act entitled " An act pro-
viding for the collection of taxes heretofore
assessed and levied in this Territory;" also
sections forty-nine toliily-tune, both inclusive,
of an act entitled "An act to create and regu-
late corporations," be. and the same are hereby,
disapproved, repealed, and declared null and
void.
Apfuovkd, July 1, 1870.
so amended and construed in its application to
said city that lands maybe entered as provided
in said act for the, full number of inhabitants
contained in said city not exceeding fifteen
thousand ; and as the said city covers school
section number thirty-six, in township number
one north, of range number one west, the same
may be embraced in such entry, and indemnity
shall be given therefor when & grant shall be
made by Congressof sections sixteen and thirty-
six, in the Territory of Utah, for school pur-
poses.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act for the Relief of the j
Inhabitants of Salt Lake City, in the Terri- j
tory of Utah. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep- j
rese/itahvesof ike United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the words " not ex- ;
eeediug live thousand in all," contained in an !
act entitled "An act for the reliefof the inhabit- 1
antsof citiesaud townsupon the public lands,"
approved March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, shall not apply to Salt Lake City,
in the Territory of Utah ; but said act shall be
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act to ainendan Actenti-
tled " An Act to carryinto effect provisions
of the 'Treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other Coun-
tries, giving certain Judicial Powers to Min-
isters and Consuls and other Functionaries
of the United States in those Countries, and
for other purposes," approved June twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enactedby the Senate and JEIo use of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of Congress
entitled "An act to carry into effect provisions
ofthe treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judieial powers to ministers and
consuls, or other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses," approved June twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and sixty,as far as the same is in con-
formity with the stipulations of the treaty with
Madagascar, is hereby extended to that coun-
try, and it shall beexecutedin conformity with
the provisions of the treaty and the usages of
Christian nations in such cases ; and the act
shall, in the same manner, extend to any coun-
try of like character with which the United
States may hereafter enter into treaty relations.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That the
superior judicial authority conferred on the
consul general or consul residing at the capital
of any eountiy mentioned iu such act, or herein
provided for, including the power to make de-
crees and regulations, is hereby vested in the
Secretary of State for the time being.
Sec. ti. Andbeitfurthertnactcd, Thatwlicn
any final judgmentof the minister to China, or
to Japan, is given in the exercise of original
or of appellate criminal jurisdiction, the person
charged with the crime or offense, if lie con-
siders tho judgment erroneous iapoint of law,
may appeal therefrom to the circuit court for
the district of California; buts'ioh appeal shall
not operate as a stay of proceedings, unless the
minister shall certify lhat-there is probable
cause to grant the same, when the stay shall
be such as the interests of justice may lequire.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted. That, on
any linal judgment iu a consular court of China
or Japan where the matter in dispute exceeds
five hundred dollars, and does not exceed two
thousand five hundred dollars, exclusive of
costs, an appeal shallbe allowed to the minister
in such country, as the case may be : Provided,
That the appellant complies with the conditions
established by general regulations; and the
ministers are hereby authorised and required
to receive, hear, and determine such appeals.
Sec. 5. Andbeit farther enacted, That where
the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, ex-
ceeds the sum of two thousand live hundred
i dollars, an appeal shall bo allowed to the eir-
j cuit court for the district of California.; and
I upon such appeal a transcript of the libel, bill,
J answer, depositions, and all other proceedings
in the cause shall be transmitted to the circuit
, court: and no new evidence shall be received
! on the hearing ofthe appeal ; and the appeals
1 shall be subject to the rules, regulations, and
! restriciions prescribed iu law for writs of error
; from district courts ofthe ITniled States.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That on
any final judgment of the minister to China,
or to Japan, given in the exercise, of original
jurisdiction, where the matter in dispute, ex-
clusive of costs, exceeds two thousand five
hundred dollars, an appeal shall be allowed
to the circuit court as provided in the last
section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
circuit court of California is hereby authorized
and required to receive, hear, and determine
the appeals provided for in this act, and the
decisions of such court shall be filial.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That the
appeals allowed by this act shall be only in
cases arising after its passage.
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to allow, iu the
adjustment of the accounts of the consul gen-
eral at Shanghai, the actual expense of the
rent of a suitable building, to be used as a
prison for American convicts in China, not to
exceed one thousand five hundred dollars a
year ; and also the wages of the keepers of the
same, and for the care of offenders, not to
exceed five thousand dollars a year; and to
allow in the adjustment ofthe accounts ofthe
consuls at other ports in China the actual ex-
pense of the hire of constables and the care of
offenders, not to exceed iu all five thousand
dollars a year.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to allow, in the
adjustment of the accounts of the consul at
Kanagawa, tho actual expense ofthe rent of a
suitable building, to be used as a prison for
American convicts in Japan, not to exceed
seven hundred and fifty dollars a year; ami
also the wages of the keepers of the same, and
for the care of offenders, not to exceed two
thousand live huudred dollars a year ; and to
allow in the adjustment of the accounts of the
consuls at other ports in Japan the actual ex-
pense of the hire of constables and the care of
offenders, not to exceed in all two thousand
live hundred dollars a year.
Aitboved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act authorizing the con-
struction of a Bridge across the Arkansas
River at, Little Rock, Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and' House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful lot'
the Citizens' Bridge Company, a corporation
having authority from the Slate of Arkansas,
to build a railroad, transit, and wagon bridge
across the Arkansas river at or near the city
of Little Rock, in Arkansas; and that, when
constructed, all trains of all roads terminating
at, the Arkansas river, at or near the location
of said budge, shall be allowed to cross said
bridge for a reasonable compensation to be
paid to the owners thereof: and in case of any
litigation arising from any obstruction or alleged
obstruction to the free navigation of said river,
the cause may be tried before the district court
ofthe United States of any State in which any
i portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
| Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
! bridge built under the provisions of this act
j may, at the option of the company building the
| same, be buiit as a drawbridge, with a pivot or
; other form of a draw, or with unbroken and
I continuous spans: Provided, That if the said
l bridge shall be made with unbroken and cou-
; tinuous spans, it shall not be ia any case of
less elevation than fifty feet above extreme
high-water mark, as understood at the point of
^ location, to the bottom chord of the bridge.
Nor shall the spans be of less than two huu-
; drcd and fifty feet in length iu the clear; and
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of said river ; and the main span
shall be over the main channel of the river at
