3578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB,
selves will not bo veryohary at thesMrifioe of others,
nor have they been; several Misaourians, well known
and well hated as enemies, hare been put under the
ground. W hen a man is missing at Salt Lake it is a
common expression, 'He has met the Indians.'"
Mr. Hyde wrote some ten years ago, but
things have grown no better since. Bill Hick-
man, one of the most notorious of the Dauite
leaders, has added many to his number of mur-
ders. He is still the intimate friend of Yonng,
bas seven " women" and about twenty children.
Porter Rockwell, another noted character, still
lives and commits his deeds of violence. But
Robert T. Burton, sheriff of Salt Lake county,
und lately collector of internal revenue, bids fair
to rival all the others in his lawless deeds. He is
Brigham's tried and most trusted " avenger."
Mrs. Waite, who wrote in 1866, thus describes
the band of " Danites," as it now exists:
" The order of Danites has been for many years an
established institution in the Mormon church.
'• Brigham and his two councillors form the first
presidency of this order, under the style of cods or
grand archees. These are at present, Young, Kim-
ball, and Wells. A few also of the apostles hold the
rank of grand archees. These have the power of life
and death.
" Next in importance is a body of men called arch-
ees. They are entitled to sit in council with the
gods or erand archees, in matters relating to the
taking of life. Tbis ' quorum,' as it is called, also
includes some of the bishops and presidents of other
quorums in the church. Their office is to examine
cases of offenders thought to require a summary dis-
posal, and submit the result of snch examination to
the grand archees. In some cases, when the utmost
discretion is required, they act as agents and swift-
winged messengers to carry into effect the decrees of
the gods.
"The archees have discretionary and independent
power over the lives of all 'Gentiles' and 'apostates.'
" Next in rank are the Danites. whose office is to
assist the archees in the execution of their bloody
deeds. These are formed ia to bands of fifty men each.
One band at least belongs to each arohee, they serv-
ing under him as minute men. These ' Danitebands'
are generally composed of inferior officers and teaoh-
ers, constables and policemen, and those who, having
committed heinous crimes, as murder, theft, adultery,
&e„ would sooner be sworn to serve in this bloody
office than have their deeds exposed.
" The officers of all these grades are solemnly sworn
to secrecy, and to theduties of their respective offices,
on pain of instant death.
" When the danger of discovery is imminent, and
the matter too importantto be trusted to the Danites,
the archees meet and perform the dirty work them-
selves, as in the ease of Secretary Babbett, Brewer,
and the unlucky attempt on Dr. Hunt. In other
eases the Danites are called upon; instances, the
Parishes, Potter, Bowman, Mountain Meadows, &c.
"The Danites are also expected to act as spies upon
the Federal officers and other Gentiles; to watch the
feelings and spirits of the saints, and to report the
first instances of disaffection. Such cases are at once
attended to, and if they are deemed of a dangerous
character are summarily disposed of.
" The spoil is divided, one half going to the grand
archees and the other to the archees and Danites
who are employed in the commission of the crime."
After this remarkable picture of barbarism,
and what has gone before, no one will doubt
the truth of Brigham Young's langaage, found
in a sermon delivered November 9, 1856, and
published in the Deseret News, volume six,
page 291, as follows : *
" Some of the elders seemed to be tripped up in a
moment if the wicked can find any fault with tho
members of this church ; but bless your souls, Iwould
not yet have this people faultless, for the day of separ-
ation has not yet arrived. I have many a time in
this stand dared the world to produce as mean devils
as we can. We can beat them at any thing. We
have the greatest and smoothest liars in the world,
the ounningest and most adroit thieves, and any
other shade of character you can mention.
"We can pick out elders in Israel right here who
can beat the world atgarabling; who can handle the
cards, can cut aud shuffle them with the smartest
rogue on the face of the footstool. I can produoe
elders here who can shave their smartest shavers,
and take their money from them. We can beat the
world at any game."
The reason lie gives why they can do and
outdo the world in deviltry id amusing:
"We can beat them becau30 we have men here
that live in the light of the Lord; that have the
holy priesthood, and hold the keys of the kingdom
of God. But you may go through all the sectarian
world and you cannot find a man capable of opening
the door of the kingdom of God to admit others in.
We can do that."
Comment is unnecessary. If there is any
conceivable crime not to be found in their
devilish plan I am unable to tell what it is.
In 1857 Mr. Buchanan appointed John Cra-
dlebaugh one of the associate justices for Utah
Territory. For two years he attempted faith-
fully and bravely to discharge the duties of his
office; but finding he was not sustained by the
Administration, and that it was impossible to
bring the Mormon offenders to justice and pun-
ishment. he resigned and settled in the Terri-
tory of Nevada. He wa3 twice sent as Dele-
gate to Congress from that Territory, and on
the 7th of February, 1863, he delivered a pow-
erful speech on "Utah and the Mormons," from
which, with the indulgence of the Senate, I
propose to make some quotations. He says:
" It has been said we have courts in Utah, and the
question is frequently asked, why do not the courts
act? The uniform testimony of the judges is to the
effect that the courts are powerless. More than fif-
teen Federal judges who have gone to the Territory
haveto stated. They have again and again told you
that the entire legislation of tneTerritory is to prevent
the administration of the laws; that the church au-
thorities are determined that the laws shall not be
enforced in the Federal courts; that the grand and
trial jurors are Mormons, who are taught that the
Mormon church laws are the higher laws and should
prevail, and who refuse, therefore, to discharge their
sworn duties, and have invariably refused to punish
any Mormon for an offense committed against an
anti-Mormon. To such an extent has this been
carried that although the valleys of Salt Lake have
been replete with robberies and murders, yet the
records of the courts do not show a single instance
of the punishment of a Mormon for an offense com-
mitted against a ' Gentile.' This is painfully mani-
fest in the history which I now give of a term of
the court held by my colleague, lion. CharlesE. Sin-
clair, who convened his court in great Salt Lake City
on the 8th day of July, 1859:
' The Mormon grand jury, ever ready to use the
laws for their protection, but never willing to prose-
cute a Mormon for his crimes, promptly found a bill
of indictment against one Ralph Pike, a sergeant in
company I of tho tenth infantry. United States
Army, for an assault with intent to kill, committed
upon one Howard Spencer, the son of a Mormon
bishop, at the military reserve in Bush valley. A
company of soldiers were stationed on the reserve
to guard the hay of the Government stacked there.
Spencer had been in the habit, at every opportunity,
of driving his cattle to these hay-stacks. Sergeant
Pike was ordered to take a file of men and drive off
Spencer and his cattle. When Pike approached
Spencer tho latter refused to go, seized a pitchfork
lying by and attempted to stab the sergeant with it.
Pike, clubbing his musket, struck Spencer on tho
head and slightly fractured his skull. Upon capiat
issued Pike was arrested and brought to great Salt
Lake City. The day following, (August 11,) about
twelve o'clock noon, as Pike was entering the Salt
Lake House, on Main street,to get his dinner. Spencer
stepped up to him from behind saying. 'Are you the
man that struok me in Bush valley?' at the same
time drawing his pistol shot him through the side,
inflicting a mortal wound. Spencer ran across the
street, mounted hishorse, and rode off, accompanied
by several noted 'Danites.' The guard who at-
tempted to fire at Spencer were prevented by the
police. Pike lingered in dreadful agony two days
before he died. He was highly esteemed in the Army
as an amiable, manly, and gentlemanly soldier. Tho
Deseret News (the church organ) in its next issue
lauded young Spencer for his courage and bravery.
"In the winter of 1857-53 one Franklin McNeil
was inoarcerated in prison, being put in irons during
the 'Mormon war' for no other crime than being an
American citizen. Frank sued Brigham Young for
false imprisonment on the 2d day of August. The
day preceding the appointed time for trial Frank
was called to the door of his boarding-house j ust after
dark by some unknown person ana shot down. lie
died from. his wounds next morning, and thus the
suit was abated. The murderer was never discovered.
"A man by the name! of Drown brought suit upon
a promissory note for $480 against the Danite captain.
Bill Ilickman. The case being submitted to the court.
Drown obtained aj udgment. A few days after Drown
and a companion named Arnold were stopping at the
bouse of a friend in Salt Lake City, when Hickman,
with some seven or eight of his band, rode up to the
house and called for Drown to come out. Drown, sus-
pecting foul play, refused to do co, and locked tho
doors. The 'Danites' thereupon dismounted from
their horsos, broke down the doors, and shot down
both Drown and Arnold. Drown died of his wounds
next morning, and Arnold a few days later. Hick-
man and his band rode off unmolested.
"Thus, during the short term of Judge Sinclair's
court the earnest effort of its officers accomplished
no good. On the contrary, as it appears, the majesty
and power of the court were used to tie the hands of
an innocent man, and lead him as a helpless victim
to bo ruthlessly shot down without the power of self-
defense, while at the same time it protected hismur-
derer by holding the strong arm of the law in terror
over thoie who would dare to take justice in their
own hands and punish the assassin of their friend.
Thus, during a single term of the, court, held in a
Moruion community, the warm life-blood of four
human victims is shed upon the very threshold of
the court, and although the grand jury is in session
no prosecution is attempted and not one oftheoffend-
ors will ever be punished."
This is but one picture. I might, give many
more if I thought the Senate would bear with
me. This ought to be enough to induce every
Sanator to vote for the bill under consideration.
But I must describe one other transaction,
the darkest chapter in Mormon history, the
most perfidious act of cruelty and wholesale
butchery to be found in the annals of this or
any other country. This is what is known as
the " Mountain Meadow massacre." In 1857
a large emigrant train, consisting of about one
hundred and fifty men and women, besides
many children, forty wagons, eight hundred
head of cattle, and about sixty horses and
mules, mostly from Arkansas, passed through
Salt Lake City bound for California. Here
was a great chance for plunder and revenge.
It was soon after the killing of Perley P. Pratt,
a leading Mormon, in Arkansas, by McLane,
whose wife Pratt had abducted.
i Mrs. Waite, in her "Mormon Prophet," iu
' speaking of the preparation for this diabolical
massacre, says:
"A revelation from Brigham Young, as great grand
archee, or god, was dispatched to President J. C.
Haight, Bishop Higbee, and John D. Lee, command-
ing them to raise all the forces they could muster and
I trust, follow these cursed Gentiles, (so read the rev-
, elation,) attack them disguised as Indians, and with
the arrows of the Almighty make a clean sweep of
1 them, and leave none to tell the tale; and if they
needed any assistance they were commanded to hire
the Indians as their allies, promising them a share
. of the booty. They were to be neither slothful nor
negligent in their duty, and to be punctual in send-
ing the teams back to him before winter set in, for
this was the mandate of Almighty God.
"On the following day a council of all the faithful
was held at Cedar City. Many attended from tho
neighboring settlements. The revelation was read
, and the destiny of the unsuspecting emigrants sealed.
I Plans were suggested, discussed, and adopted, and
men designated to carry out their hellish designs.
Instructions were given for them to assemble at a
small spring, but a short distance to the left of the
road leading into the Meadows, a number of inter-
i venine hills rendering it a fit place for concealment,
j Hero they painted and disguised themselves as In-
| dians, and when ready to commence operations, by
a well known Indian trail, proceeded to the Mead-
ows."
, I almost shrink from giving the details of this
, horrible and heart-rending butchery. It hardly
j seems possible that any human beings, claim-
ing to be civilized, could have devised and car-
: ried out thfae fiendish acts. But from a care-
j ful examination of the evidence and circum-
stances, I have not a particle of doubt of the fact
that the Mormons were the guilty authors and
executors of this awful, bloody tragedy. I
find a thrilling account of it given in the able
speech of Judge Cradlebaugh, before referred
to, and I adopt his language for my recital of
the facts. He says:
"As one of the associate justices of the Territory
of Utah, in the month of April, 1859, 1 commenced
and held a term of the district court for the second
judicial district, in the city of Provo, about sixty
miles south of Salt Lake City. Upon my requisition.
General A.S. Johnson, in command of the military
department, furnished a small military force for the
purpose of protecting the court, A grand jury was
impaneled, and their attention was pointedly and
specially called to a great number of crimes that
had been committed in the immediate vicinity, cases
of public notoriety, both as to the offenso and tho
persons who had perpetrated the same, (for none of
these things had been done in a corncr.') These
i perpetrators had scorned alike concealment or apol-
ogy, before the arrival of the American forces. Tho
! jury thus instructed, though kept in session two
j, weeks, utterly refused to do anything, and were
!: finally discharged as an evidently useless appendage
of a court of justice. But the court was determined
: to try a last resource to bring to light and to pun-
! ishment those guilty of the atrocious crimes which
confessedly had been committed in tho Territory'
l and the session continued. Bench warrants, based
1 upon sworn information, were issued against the
,i alleged criminals, and United States Marshal Dot-
| son, a most excellent and reliable officer, aided by :v
I military posse, procured at his own request, had suc-
ceeded in making a tew arrests. A general stampede
' immediately took placo among the Alormous, aud
' what I want to call your attention to as particularly
noticeable, is the fact tha t this occurred more especi-
ally amongthechurch officials and civil officers. Why
i; were these olasses so peculiarly urgent aud hasty iu
\\ flight? The law of evidence based on the expcri-
j ence of ages has but one answer. It was the con-
! sciousness of guilt which drove them to seek retuge
from the avenging arm of the law, armed at last as
, they supposed with power to vindicate its injured
majesty. It is a well known f;iet that many ot tho
bishops and presidents of 'stakes'remained secreted
in the mountains until the news was confirmed be-
yond doubt, which announced the retrograde course
' of the Administration at Washington.
