1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54B7
sidered sometimes as well as strict law. If
the gentleman wants me to go into a consid-
eration of the equities I will tell hira that these
old banks have not much to complain of, con-
sidering the advantages which have been ex-
tended to them, and the profits which they
have been making.
Mr. RANDALL. I agree with the gentle-
man.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hold that there would
be no hardship in providing that the banks
holding these old bonds may at any time, as
there may be means in the Treasury under this
new loan bill for that purpose, have notice
served upon them, i' Bring out your bonds for
payment or the interest upon them will be
stopped; for the Government is now prepared,
from the proceeds of a new loan and the ex-
changes to be made, to get rid of those old
bonds altogether." T hope the vote will now
be taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew my motion to lay
the report on the table, which I understand
will carry the bill with it.
Mr. COX. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 128, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS^—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Ayer, Beatty,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Burr, Cleveland. Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson, Eidridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamiil, Hawkins,
Hay, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Marshall, MeCormick. MeKenzie,
McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Ilice, Rogers, dchumaker, Sherrod,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken. Van
Trump. Van "VVyck, Voorhees, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester. Wood, and Woodward—-55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper, At-
wood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Benjamin, Bennett,
Bingham. Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdott,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Barrall,
Davis, Dawes, Dixon. Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss,
i'erry, Finltelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,Gilfillan,
Hamilton, Harris. Hawley, Hays. Heflin, Hooper,
Jenckes, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, La.wrence, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard. McCarthy, McCrary, MeGrew, Mercur,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negiey, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer,Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks,Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, "Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler.Whitmore,Wilkinson,
Willard,Williams, and John T. Wilson—123.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Ax-
tell, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Bowen, James
Brooks, Buck, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Clinton
L. Cobb, Degener, Dickey, Dockery, Dox, Dyer,
Farnsworth,Gibson, Hale, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll. Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kellogg,
May ham, McKee, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sey, Newsham, Paine, Perce. Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Proeser, Ridgway, Sanford, Shober, Slocuin, Joseph
S. Smith. Strader, Sweeney, Townsend, Wallace,
Ward, Winans, and Witcher—52.
& So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 88, nays 103, not voting
39 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames.Armstrong.Atwood,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Boles, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Rod-
erick R. Butler. Cake. Cessna, Churchill, Conger,
Covode, Cowles, Davis. Dawes, Dixon. Donley,Duval,
* Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gil-
illlan, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary, MeGrew,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Myers,
Nogley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Peck, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scoficld, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A.Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tan-
ner, Ta\loi\ Twichell,Upson, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William 13. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, and Williams—88.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Axtell, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks,
Buckley, Burchard, Burr,Calkin, William T.Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Dickinson, Eldridge,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamiil, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Hays,Heflin, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, ThomasL.
Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Loughridge,
Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, MeKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Mungen, Niblack, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann. Taffe, Townsend, Trimble,
Tyner, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Voorhees, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Eugene M.
Wilson, J ohn T, Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, Wood,
and Woodward—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Beaman, Bowen,
Buck, Benjamin F. Butler, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Degener, Dickey, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Gibson, Hale, Hamilton, Hill. Hoge, Hotchkiss,Alex-
ander H.Jones, Logan, McKee, Milnes, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, N ewsham, Perce. Porter, Prosser,
Ridgway, Shober, Stevenson, Strader, Sweeney, Till-
man, Wallace, Ward, Wells, and Winans—39.
So the report of the committee of conference
was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SWEENEY stated that he was paired
on this question with Mr. Buck, who would
vote in the affirmative, while he would vote in
the negative.
Mr. LOGAN stated that he was paired with
Mr. Dickey, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move that
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses be
referred to another committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the report be
referred to the committee of conference, with
instructions to strike out one half of the com-
mission proposed to be paid for the negotia-
tion of the new bonds.
Mr. COX. I move that the report be re-
ferred to the committee of conference, with
instructions to report back a bill providing for
bonds bearing a uniform interest of four and
a half per cent., and without the payment of
any commissions; or, in other words, to report
back a simple funding bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the floor,
and have not yielded for any such motion. It
would be an indelicacy to instruct a conference
committee. The Senate would reject any re-
quest for such a confercnce committee. If
there be any it must be a free and full confer-
ence. I demand the previous question on my
motion to refer the matter to another confer-
ence committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
123, noes 23.
So the motion was agreed to.
The CHAIR stated that he had appointed
the same members as managers of the confer-
ence on the part of the House.
election of representatives.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the
time for the election of Representatives, that
we may non-concur in the amendments and
appoint a committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. HOLMAN objected.
message erom the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his sec-
retaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed the bill (H. R. No. 974)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871.
message from t1ie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution (S. R. No, $0&) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
and for other purposes, approved June 30,
1864.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills and a joint
resolution of the House of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1176) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of internal revenue for the seventh
collection district of Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
Francis A. Conwell;
An act (H. R. No. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to transfer to Keo-
kuk, Iowa, condemned ordnance for the orna-
mentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
place.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act(S. No. Go) granting the right of way
and land to the Pecos and Placer Mining and
Ditch Company of New Mexico ;
An act (S. No. 574) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the landa
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
P&re Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 990) for the relief of the heirs
at law of Clara Moore, deceased, whose hus-
band was late register of the land office at
Lecompton, Kansas;
_ An act (S. No. 1011) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Mobile and Pensacola railroad ;
An act (S. No. 1050) for the relief of the
third Arkansas cavalry; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting
the right of way to the Pensacola and Barran-
cas railroad through the naval and military
reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
kigiits of citizens.
Mr. PAINE demanded the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the reception of reports from
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following concurrent resolu-
tion; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved by the House &f Representati'ccz, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the act
entitled "An act to enforce the rights of citizens of
the United States to vote m theseverat States of this
Union, and for other purposes," approved May 31,
1870, twenty thousand additional copies, fifteen thou-
sand of which shall be for the House and five thou-
sand for the use of the Senate.
The House divided; and there were—ayea
72, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. STILES moved that the resolution be
laid on the table, and on that metion demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
contested elections digest.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from thesamecommittee,
reported the following resolution; on which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the digest of the eases of contested
elections in the House since 1861, prepared by the
cleik of the Committee of Elections, under the order
of said committee, be printed, to enable him to index
the same during the recess.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope they
will not be printed. They ought to be for-
gotten.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope they will be
printed, as a disgrace to the majority of this
House.
