1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
en
Lctivs of the United States.
41st Coug....2d Sess.
low water : And provided also, That if any
bridge built under this act shall be constructed
as a drawbridge, the same shall be constructed
as a pivot drawbridge, with a draw over the
main channel of the river at an accessible and
navigable point, andwith spansofnot less than
one hundred and sixty feet in length in the
clear, on each side of the central or pivot pier
of the draw. And the next adjoining spans to
the draw shall not be less than two hundred
and fifty-feet; and said spans shall not be less
than twenty feet above high-water mark, meas-
uring to the bottom chord of the bridge; and
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of the river : And provided also,
That said draw shall be opened promptly upon
reasonable signal, for the passage of boats
whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent
spans of said bridge, except when trains are
passing over the same ; but in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said
draw during or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge constructed under this act and accord-
ing to its limitations shall be a lawful structure,
and shall be recognized and known as a post
route upon which also no higher charge shall
be made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of war
of the United States, than the rate per mile
paid for their transportation over the railroads
or the public highways leading to the said
bridge: And provided also, That said corpora-
tion may execute a mortgage and issue bonds
payable, principal and interest, in gold or
United States currency.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That
the United States shall-have the right of
way for postal telegraph purposes across said
bridge.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
bridge company aforesaid, shall submit to the
Secretary of "War, for his approval, n plan with
the necessary drawings of their bridge, con-
forming to the above requirements ; and until
the Secretary of War approve the plan and
location of said bridge, and notify the company
of the same in writing, the bridge shall not be
built or commenced; and should any change
be made in the plan of the bridge during the
progressoft.be work thereon, such change shall
he subject likewise to the approval of the Sec-
retary of War.
Sec. 6. Andbeitfurther enacted, That Con-
gress shall have power at any time to alter,
amend, or repenl this act.
Approve]), Jnly 1, 1870.
Chap. CXCVL—An Act amendatory of "An
Act to protect the Rights of Actual Settlers
upon the Public Lands of the United States,''
approved July 27, 1808, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Untied States of America in
Congress assembled, Tbat the act entitled "An
act to protect the rights of actual settlers upon
the public lands of the United States,ap-
proved July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by adding thereto the following pro-
viso, viz: Provided, That all such agricultural
college scrip shall bo received from actual set-
tlers in payment of preemption claims in the
same manner and to the same extentasis now
authorized by law in case of military bounty
land warrants: And provided farther, That
alt locations of such scrip made within thirty
days after the date of approval of said act ot
July twenty-seven,eighteenhundred and sixty-
eight., if otherwise in conformity with law, are
hereby legalized and made valid.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act to relinquish the
] nterest of the United States in certain Lands
to the City and County of San Francisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That all the right and
title of tha United States to the military reser-
vation in the city and county of San Francisco,
in the State of California, known as the Point
San Jos6 military reservation, be, and the same
are hereby, relinquished and granted to the
said city and county, and its successors, for
the uses and purposes as follows: First, to
maintain all streets a,nd alleys as now laid out
upon the official map of the city of San Fran-
cisco. Second, and then, in trust, to grant
and convey the remainder of said lands t.o the
parties severally who are at the date of the
passage of this act in the actual bona lido pos-
session thereof, by themselves or their tenants,
and in such parcels as the same are so held
and possessed by them ; or who, if they have
not such possession, were deprived thereof by
the United States military authorities when
they went into the occupancy of said military
reservation, or were deprived thereof by in-
truders or trespassers, against whom possession
may bo recovered by legal process. Third,
to have and to hold all the residue, if any, of
said lands, for the use and benefit,of said city,
there being excepted from this relinquishment
and grant all that certain piece or parcel of
land, portion ofsaid reservation, and which is
bounded and described as follows, viz: com-
mencing at a point in the mean low-water
shore line of the bay or entrance to the bay
of San Francisco, east of the promontory of
Point San Jos6, where the same is intersected
by the westerly line of Vail Ness avenue ; run-
ning thenec southerly along the said westerly
line of Van Ness avenue to its intersection
with the northern line of Bay street; thence
westerly along the north side of Bay street to
its intersection with the eastern line of Laguna
street; thence uorthenjly along the said east-
ern line of Laguna street to the westerly shore ;
thence in a northeasterly, easterly, southeast-
ern-, and southerly direction, following the said
shore line, and including the entire water-
front between Laguna street and Van Ness
avenue, to the point or place of beginning.
Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted, Thatnoth-
ing in this act contained shall interfere with
or prejudice anj' valid adverse right or claim,
if such exist, to said land or any part thereof,
whether derived from Spain, Mexico, or the
United States, or preclude an examination and
adjustment thereof by the courts.
Sec. 0. And be it "further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws in conflict with the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same arc hereby,
declared inapplicable to the lands herein above
relinquished and granted.
Approved, July X, 1870.
persons entering upon orpur ;hasing said lands
shall pay the appraised vali e of the Govern-
ment improvements that may appear to exist
on their respective claims at the date of prov-
ing up, or of purchase at private entry.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
entries which have been made on lands within
the limits of the said reserve, and for which tho
General Land Officc may have issued patents
in regular form, not having, at the time, knowl-
edge of said reserve, be, and the same are
hereby, confirmed: Provided, That the value
of theGovernmentimprovements thereon have
been, or shall be, paid for by the persons mak-
ing said entries, or by their assigns: And pro-
vided further, That the same, shall be paid for
within one year from the passage of this act;
and if the same are not paid for within the
time designated, the Secretary of the Interior
is hereby authorized to, and shall immediately
thereafter, institute judicial proceedings against
any and all of the said parties, or their assigns,
failing to make said payment,, with the view to
vacate the patents which may have issued.
Sue. And be it further enacted, That all
entries heretofore made on said lands, and not
yet patented, are hereby declared, at the dis-
cretion of the Commissioner, null and void,
and directed to be canceled by the said Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and the
lands embraced therein shall be disposed of
under the provisions of this act..
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CXC VIII.—An Act for the Disposal of
the Lands within the Fort ffidgely Military
Reservation, Minnesota.
Be it cnacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the War Department
having abandoned the Fort itidgely reservation,
it shall be tho duty of the Secretary of War,
immediately upon the passage of this act, to
cause to be appraised the Government improve-
ments upon said reservation, and shall report
the value thereof to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, designating tho partic-
ular legal subdivision of land upon which the
same exist: and the lands within said reserva-
tion not heretofore entered and patented shall
be subject to disposal under the preemption
laws of the United States, or at private entry
after public offering, and for cash only, and
❖
Chap. CXC1X.—An Act in relation to certain
Unsold Lands in the Counties of Porter and
Lake, in tho State of Indiana.
Whereas there is lying along the Little Cal-
umet river, in the counties of Porter and Lake,
in the State of Indiana, a body of lands sup-
posed to contain about four thousand acres,
which has never been sold or surveyed, and
which was described in the original Government
surveys as impassable morass; and whereas t lie
Calumet Draining Company has been organ-
ized under tho laws of said State, for tho pur-
pose of draining the valley of said river includ-
ing said morass: Therefore,
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resenlallvcs of the United States of America in
Coagi'ess assembled, That said unsold lands
shall be subject to a lien under the laws of tho
State of Indiana for its proper proportion of
the cost of such drainage, and such lien may
be enforced against said lands in the same
manner and to the same extent as if the said
lands wore owned by private persons: Pro-
vided, That no claim shall be held to exist
against, the United States for such drainage._ _
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
lands may be surveyed and sold to the highest
bidder, under the directions of the Secretary
of the Interior, subject t.o said lien.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CO.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to establish and to protect National
Cemeteries/'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from the time any
State Legislature shall have given, or shall
hereafter give, the consent of such State to the
purchase by the United Slates of any national
cemetery mentioned in the actentitled "An act
to establish and protcct national cemeteries,"
approved February twenty-second,^ eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, the jurisdiction and
power of legislation of the Un'ted States over
such cemetery shall in all courts and places be
held to be the same as is [ranted by section
eight, article one, of the Constitution ot the
United States; and all the provisions of said
act of February twenty-second, eighteen hun-
