1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
abrogation of the income tax, as unnecessary,
unequal, and oppressive.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Elijah Au-
berry, a citizen of Surry county, North Caro-
lina, and a soldier of the war of 1812, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Thomas C. Foust, a
citizen of Alamance county, North Carolina,
for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of William A. Lash, a citi-
zen of Stokes county, North Carolina, for
removal of disabilities.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The remonstrance of
Henry Day and others, against changing the
route of the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse
Bay Railroad Company, in the State of Mich-
igan.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of W. S.
Cutshall and others, citizens of Fulton county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the duties on tea
and coffee, and their reduction on sugar and
molasses.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, April 13,1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the reading
of the Journal be suspended until the Repub-
lican caucus is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. CORBETT. I
object.
Mr. McCREERY. I do cot move that the
reading be dispensed with. I move that it be
suspended until the Republican caucus dis-
charges its business. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, and the Senator from California
objects.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 513) to provide for hold-
ing annual terms of the United States circuit
and district courts for the northern district of
New York at Elmira, New York, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 1718) for tie relief of
A. A. Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New
Jersey, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1766) in relation to the
Iowa river in the State of Iowa was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
J. M. McCall, Jonas Huddle, Obed Funk, G.
B. Wallace, and E. G. Davidson, of Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CARPENTER.^ There is a bill pend-
ing before the Senate in relation to the estab-
lishment of a police court for the District of
Columbia and also in relation to some changes
in the form of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict. I have here three statements of statis-
tics showing the amount, nature, and kind of
business done in the courts, which I think it
important should be laid before the Senate.
I present them and ask that they may be treated
as a memorial, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLEY, from tho Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R
No. 1611) for the relief of Friend A. Brainard,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. E. No. 1667)
for the relief of Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co.,
reported it without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 787) for the better organization of the
medical department of the Navy of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
788) for the relief of the widows and orphans
ofthe officers, seamen, and marines of the Uni-
ted States vessel of war Oneida, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
joint indian committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further bills or joint resolutions the introduc-
tion of Senate resolutions is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. There seems to be no
other morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded, and the concurrent
resolution in regard to Indian policy is before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casserly] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from California, I move to postpone
that resolution and all other business with a
view of taking up the bill for the protection of
settlers on the Fort Ridgely military reserva-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object. Let us
go on with the regular order of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill was up once
before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, and the Senator from Vermont
objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to finish the
Indian resolution this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The concurrent
resolution in regard to Indian policy is before
the Senate. The Senator from California rose
when the morning hour was concluded yester-
day to move an amendment to the resolution,
as the Chair understood.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment that I
desire to move to the concurrent resolution for
the constitution of a joint special committee
of both Houses on Indian matters is to insert
at the end of the resolution these words:
Provided, That to constitute a majority of said
committee a majority of the members chosen from
each House shall be necessary.
Theintention of thatis obvious: it is to place
this committee on the footing of a conference
committee, so that neither House shall be at
the mercy of the other.
Mr. NYE. I should like to hear the reso-
lution read as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved hy the Home of Representatives, (the Senato
concurring,) That a joint special committee, to con-
sist of ten members, five from the Senate and five
from tho House, be appointed, to whom shall be re-
ferred the propriety of a change or modification or
the Indian policy and system of governing the Indian
tribes. And said committee shall not continue be-
yond the present session: Provided, That to consti-
tute a majority of said committee a majority ot the
members chosen from each House shall be necessary.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry to ask the Secretary
to read that again, but a gentleman diverted
my attention for the moment. I desire to hear
it. I was rather in favor of this resolution,
but I have since learned something about it
that makes me against it.
The Secretary again read the resolution as
it would read if amended as proposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. The intention of my
amendment, I will state, is obvious. It is to
prevent either House from being overslaughed
in this committee by the vote of the other, with
the aid, perhaps, of one member of its own.
Mr. NYE. I do not knowthat there is any
objection to the amendment; indeed, if the
resolution is to pass, I think the amendment
ought to be adopted; but after mature reflec-
tion on this resolution I have changed my mind
in relation to the propriety of its passage.
Sir, it is the change of Indian policy, its fre-
quent change that brings all our Indian diffi-
culties upon us, for we try no one policy long
enough to test its virtue. A few years ago,
when we had the least trouble with the Indians,
we had a regular system of appointed agents ;
and then there was but vei-y little difficulty
among the Indians. Within the last year or
two, with a view of cheapening the expenses
of that department, that policy (and by what
law I never could understand) was changed to
a quasi military policy in their government,
and persons who had been appointed and con-
firmed as agents—and one in my own State,
whom I know, was a most excellent one—and
held the Indians in quiet and peace, were not
removed but suspended, and military officers
sent there taperform the duties, entire strangers
to the people and to the Indians. I am justified
in saying that since that change things have
not gone as harmoniously or aswell as they did
before; I know it is so in the particular case
which I have specially in mind.
Now, sir, if this military policy is to be tried,
let it have time to test itself that we may see
whether it is working well. If the Quaker
policy is to be tried, let us have that tested to
its full extent. But, sir, as I understand this
proposition it rests upon the hypothesis that
there must be a change. I repeat again, it is
this eternal, constant change out of which the
most of our difficulties eomewith the Indians.
I do not believe we need a change of policy. J
believe now if both branches of Congress will
stop agitating the question and let the present
policy be fairly tested it will succeed. The
Indians know as well when change is antici-
pated as members of Congress themselves, and
it keeps them restive, unsettled, and uneasy.
When we have no settled policy, or none that
is allowed to remain settled long enough to be
tested, difficulties arise, and that is the cause
of most of our troubles, as I have already said.
But, Mr. President, that I do not believe is the
real object of this joint committee. Away out
in the center of this continent lie its richest
portions, dedicated to Indians forever. Right
up against that territory run three railroads
that want to get through, and I wish them to
get through. The obligation rests on the Gov-
ernment that they shall get through as soon as
the Indian title can be extinguished by the con-
sent of the Indians. My judgment is that the
only remedy for that is a law organizing that
territory; and I will state to the honorable
chairman of the Indian Committee of this body
that the Committee on Territories are ready,
and this morning, if it had not been for extraor-
dinary circumstances, would have reported a
bill for that purpose, a bill that I think will
be entirely satisfactory to the Indians and pro-
ductive of peace.
Mr. President, I said before the chairman
of the Indian Committee came in that when
this resolution was first introduced it struck
me with favor; but this measure itself is a
change, and a change which I think is unau-
thorized by the history of our legislation ; and
an advance which I think will be fouud to be
dangerous if weadopt it. Itvirtually amounts
in its effect to consolidating both branches of
Congress, so that instead of the separate legis-
lation which we have heretofore^ had, sanc-
tioned by law and usage, there is to be^ an
amalgamation of the two Houses so thattneu'
legislation on this subject will be joint instead
of several. .
Now, sir, what is to be gamed by this I No
man in the Senate and no man in the House
of Representatives, I may say without any pre-
judice to any gentleman there, is more famil-
