-1521
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Report by George II. Elliot, 0. II. Mendcll, andU. ft
Alexander, officers of Engineers to General A. A.
Humphreys, Chief of Engineer#, of an examination
of Verba Buena Island, showing its importance as a
military defense to the harbor of San I'rancisco.
Office Board of Engineers,
San Francisco, California, Januarys, 1803.
Gkxeral: The board of engineers for the Pacific
coast, constituted by Engineer Order No. 04, dated
"Engineer Department, Washington, December 4,
MW." has received and considered the application
of Mr. William B. Ilyde, the chief engineer of the
Terminal Central Pacific Railroad Company, dated
October 28,1807, and addressed to the Secretary of
War, in relation to Yerba Buena Island.
The indorsement of the Department on this letter
was.as follows, namely :
Headquarters Corps of Engineers,
Washington, November 2, 1807.
Respectful 1 y referred to tho board of engineers for
the Pacific coast for report as to what portions of the
island are required for defense.
The general project of the defenses of the island
should be considered bytheboard.^oastodetemiino
the traces and references of the crests of tho batter-
ies, and thegiound thatwillberequiredbylhcmili-
tary establishments of the island. There will then
bo indicated what may remain available for railroad
and commercial purposes, and what restrictions the
defensive uses exact in rcspcct of them.
The board having carefully examined the island
and the adjacent channels, has tho honor to submit
the following report:
The great importance of Verba Buena Island, if
occupied in time of war with heavy Long-range guns,
as securing the water front of tho city of San Fran-
cisco from occupation by a hostile fleet, should such
bo found in the harbor on the declaration of war, or
should it succeed m entering tho bay either by force,
by stratagem, by surprise, in a dense fog, or in tho
darkness of night, has been acknowledged by allour
engineers who have considered tho subject.
The island will cover by its fire tho entire water
front of the present city of S.tn Piancisco, and it is
tho last point from which the anchorage in iront of
the city can bo defended.
Remove this 5,-dand, and thero will bo nothing but
n. naval force (o prevent .in enemy's flo^t, or even a
single man-of-war, if the outer batteries should
prove insufficient to prevent his entrance into the
bay, from taking po*i« ion in front of I ho city, beyond
effcetivorangeof Alcatraz Island, and either destroy-
ing it or levying such contributions as cupidity may
dictate.
Tf the Government fails to properly occupy the
island on tho approach of war, or if it permits such
structures to be erected along the water front of the
island as will obstruct or otherwise nullify the fire
of its battciies the same result will follow.
Doubtless thero arc persons who attach moro im-
portance to thiu ibla.nd for railroad and commercial
uses than they do for military purposes, and those
who are interested in securingit lor purpose* of pri-
vate gam may argue that the defense of tlio city
front may safely be left to the Navy alone, unaided
by land batteries.
As such a doctrinc would render our Navy passive
in time of war, confining it to home dutv, and other-
wise violate tho well-established principles of harbor
defense, this board may safely leavo its confutation
should it ever be publicly advanced, to the Depart-
ment.
We start, therefore, with the idea that this island
is absolutely necessary for tho protection of the city
iront; that batteries should be erected upon it and
armed with our heaviest guns, which should control
by their lire all the anchorages within rango from
whence an enemy might injure the city or otherwise
cripple its defense. We may add, too, that this island
has a prospective value of great importance to the
defense of the city.
It is the Uu-t point from which a defense can be
made, and on account of its location and the case
with which it may be defended it will be the most
secure position in the harbor. It will piobably,
therefore, be occupied in time of war for ordnance
purposes; have an arsenal, with nil tho necessary
establishments for tho storage and safe-keeping of
artillery, ammunition, and ; mall-arms.
,. When tho board first envoied upon the investiga-
tioni or this subject some of its members were disposed
to think that all those things might be provided for;
all necessary security given to the water front, and
yet a portion of tho northeastern end of the island
and the adjacent shoal toward the northwest might
be given up to commercial purposes. But as the in-
vestigation has proceeded this opinion has changed,
and ail the members of the board now present are of
the opinion that no portion of the island or of the
adjacent shoal should pass out of tho control of the
Government.
We proceed to give the reasons for this opinion,
ihe boaiu lir*t carefully examined tho island, and
came to the conclusion that it might be securely and
cheaply fortified by a system of earthworks and bat-
teries, the Runs oi which should lire en barbette
Having no good survey of the island, and no time to
have one made before th'-s report would be required,
we next proceeded to compile a map from the best
data which could be obtained in this city. The result
was tho sketch horewith inclosed, which is approxi-
mately correct, and upon which wc have laid down,
as near as may be, the positions, forms, and sizes of
the earthworks and batteries by which we propose
to occupy the island.
We propose to build an inclosed earthwork (at A)
on the highest point of the island, which will be the
key of tho position.
The crest of this fort will be held about in tho
reference of 325 leot.
It is to command by its firo the two redoubts B and
C, which it overlooks, and the batteries Nos. 4, 5, 0,
and 7, rendering tho occupation of theso works by
an enemy impossible.
Redoubt B will command by its firo battories 1, 2,
and 3.
Redoubt C will lurvo its crest about in the reference
of 12-5 feet, and will flank the only practicable land-
ings on tho island on tho east and north sides, and
command the channel between tho island and tho
Contra Costa shore. The water batteries from No.
1 to No. 7 will be placed around the island, near tho
shore, in the most advantageous positions. Their
crests will vary in height from about 60 feet to about
200 feet. The lower of these battories ought to be
armed principally with smooth-bore guns, while the
higheroncs would receive mostly rifle-guns and mor-
tars. They will excludo an enemy from all anchor-
ages within range of their guris.
The two redoubts A and B, being built to com-
mand tho adjaccnt batteries, will be armed princi-
pally with smooth-bore field-guns. They might,
however, receive with advantago a few heavy sea-
coast mortars, and perhaps somo rifled guns of heavy
caliber.
Redoubt C will be armed with ordnanco suitablo
to accomplish thoobjectswhichhavo been indicated ;
that is to say, tho two flanks looking toward the
south and >->outhwcst with field-gunt>, while the other
three faces would receivo heavy guns, (principally
rifle?.)
Tho most, suitable position for the wharf is indi-
cated on tho sketch. It would be well sheltered from
an enemy's guns until he had passed to the eastward
of tho island.
Such, in general terms, is the manner in which this
board thinks the island should bo fortified. Doubt-
less a complete survey of the ground will modify
some of the details of the redoubts, as well as of the
batteries; but if this method of occupation should
be adopted the principles as herein sketched must
remain unchanged.
Wc have now to examine into tho consequences
of giving up a portion of tho island forraiJroad and
commercial purposes; and—
1. We assume that no portion of tho shore, from
battery No. 1 on the western side of tboisland, around
by tho southern shore to battery No. G. on tho south-
eastern spur, could properly be occupicd for railroad
oi commercial puiposes; for such occupation involves
the construction of wharves, buildings, and store- i
houses, which would mask tho lire of tho batteries i
and render the service of their guns unsafe in time
of action by reason of firo and splinters caused by tho
enemv's shot.
2. Neither could the cove between battery No.G
and redoubtC bopropeily given up for civil obiects:
for here must bo tho wharf for tho post, and the
shores of this covo afford the most available and
secure position on tho island for barracks, store-
houses, andother military establishments which will
be required.
3. There remains, therefore, only tho northern
Mioro of the island and the adjacent shoal to be con-
sidered. The construction of buildings for civil pur-
poses on this sido of the island, though not so objec-
tionable as the occupation of the southern, western
or eastern sides would be, might nevertheless mate-
rially endanger the safety of the city in time of war
and would probably prove to be a iruitful source of
trouble in time of peace.
Let, us suppose, for instance, that an enemy's fleet
takes up a position on tho eastern side of this shoal
from half a milo to a mile north of tho eastern ex-
tremity of this island, and that this shoal is occupicd
by wharves, depots, workshops, storehouses, &c cov-
ering it from the fire of the guns on the island. This
position is within two and a half miles of the city
front, and an enemy here, in a place of comparative
security, and armed with the long-range guns of our
times, would be in a condition to dictate terms to the
city.
If this island were the only place for a railroad
depot, or it a cession of a portion of it would add
greatly to the prosperity of the city of San Fran-
cisco, or was indispensable to its commercial pros-
Parity, or even to its convenience, tho board would
feel disposed to enter into an investigation as to
what portion of the shoal north of the island could
salely be ceded for «uch purposes.
• th£ tyntra Costa shore, eastward from the
island, affords ample positions for all possible rail-
roadorcomraercial purposes, the only objection being
that the ucpot, wharves. would be from one to
two miles further from the city, and their onsfr*c ■
tion would bo somewhat more expensive than thev '
would be at \croa Buena Island. Theso are obioc- 1
ions, but they arc not serious in theimn.f.nvo
necessity connected with facilities for travel or
commerce.
But there is another objection to giving up this
island or any portion of it. or of the shoal north of
it, to railroad purposes. We allude to the bridging
and ultimate closing of the channel between the
island and the Contra Costa shore. If a railroad
depot should be established on the island, the course
of proceedings would probably be, first, t:> build a
solid causeway from the Contra Costa shore out
toward the island until a depth of water of about
eighteen feet was rcached, connecting this causeway
with the island by a pile bridge across tho deeper
water.
This construction would close only a small portion
of the water-way between the island and the eastern
shore, and would not, probably, do much damage,
except to fill up the flats iu front of Oakland.
But tho repairs of this bridge would bo expensive
and the draw would prove an annoyance, and might
at some time load to an accident; it would doubtless
induce tho company owning tho franchise to wish to
make their causeway continuous, as is hinted in Mr.
Hyde's letter of August 2d, 1867, to General Alex-
ander, a copy of which was forwarded to the Depart-
ment, by direction of the board, on the 1st of Octo-
ber last. And the railroad company, once established
on the island, by enlisting tho sympathies or excit-
ing tho fears of the traveling community, would, in
all probability, ultimately succeed m their object.
Such being tho case, we are all called upon to
investigate the cffcct of closing this channel by a
permanent causeway.
The first stop in this investigation was to calculate
the aiea of tho cro=s sections of the channels on
either side of Yerba Buena Island, then to ascertain
tho voloeity of the water in the two channels, and
thus approximate to the quantity of water which
pasbes through the two channels in a given unit of
time.
Having done this, we next-supoosc the channel
between the i-iand and the Contra Costa shore to be
closed by a causeway, and that all the water that
formerly passed through it to pass through the other
channel, thus increasing the velocity in this channel.
This velocity is already so great at certain states of
the wind and tides, particularly close to the city
front, where the surface velocity is sometimes four
miles an hour, as to make it difficult for vessels to
reach or leave their wharves, and any material in-
crease of the currcnt would increase the difficulty
proportionably. fortunately, theCoastSurvey maps
and current observations enable us to approximate
to the increased velocity in the case supposed with
some degree of exactness.
The following are the results:
Mean area of water-way between the city and
xcrba Buena. Island, 670,686 square feet; greatest
surfaco velocity in mid-channel.2.8 miles per hour;
mean area of water-way between Verba Buena Island
and tho Contra Costa shore, 263,39o square feet; great-
estsurface velocity in mid-channel, 1.0 mile per hour.
A ow, if we leave outof consideration all disturbing
causes, and suppose all the water in these cross sec-
tions to move with the surface velocities, we have for
the channel between tho city and Yerba Buena
Island:
C76,686\4'.1033=2,778,92G cubic feet
as the discharge per second. And for the channel
between 1 erba Buena Island and tho adjacent shore:
268,396X2'.78G6—747,931 cubic feet
as the discharge per second.
Supposing the latter channel to be closed and all
the water to pass between tho city and Verba Buena
island, and that the same quantity passes through
this cnannel in the same time as now passes in both
channels, wc havo, by supposing the velocity to be
proportional to the discharge:
2,773,920 : n,5,V2,S9o : : 2.8 : ,r, and
miles per hour=5.21194 feet per second as
the resulting velocity in the case supposed. There-
tore,
3.55359
—2.80000
uction
This,isidiid is rcgaidcd in this citv as a very valu- '!
a,cle piece of property. If the public mind could b<* 11
disabused or the idea that it mav be obtained for !:
railroad and commercial purposes by an act of Con-
grcs3, and if the Govern-inent were disno^ed to ^oil :i
the island, and were to put it uo at auction \o bo il
Is 000°000 ,1S b!dder-U probably bring ;l
'ibis fact, together with the circumstance tint
several companies, possessing amnio ■
endeavoring to get possession of the i«bvc] n-lth
out paying for it, ana before it is wanted iV*r eill"!,"- j!
railroad or commercial uses, natural!- ieri, '!
the suspicion that such parties are aetuat'ed more <•
by the desire ot private gain than by any public li
—  tooo9j
say three quarters of a mile per hour as the measured
velocity.
Of course this is only an approximation. If wo
knew the velocity at different depths in the two
channels tho discharge ol each would bo much less
than is given by the above f<gure«. It is probable,
ai£Ot< tnat the ratio between the amount of water
passing through the channels would bo increased,
giving as a consequence a decreased resulting velo-
euv in tae main channel when we suppose the other
channel to be closed.
The fact however, that thi.- velocity would be
eonsiderab-v mcre-y ed cannot be disputed, for tho
upnei bnj must stiij be filled and emptied atcach
tiL.e, ana we win thus havo the same Quantity of
water passing through one channel in the same time
tnaw now pa^es thiough both channels, resulting,
ot course, ei< ncr m an increased current cr an in-
crease ot the water-way.
The rapid currents along the wharves of tho city
aie already the cause ot much difficulty, and if we
suppose tnese wharves to bo gradually extended out
V, ,? V>° H1"' as has heen the case in Sqw York
.aid Brooklyn, and further suppose that the en-
cioaciuncuts^on jne wafer passage is also allowed
to oegifi on trio i croa Buena shore, stopping up by
OI}° ^r,cl- °*'p>e entire wator-way. wo
na\e on,y to look at 1he dirlicuUics that are sorae-
U1!'^ experienced in tho East river in front of New
i oiiv ■to realize the future scene between the city cf
oan I<rane!seo andVerba Buena Island.
