2636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB,
iar or as familiar with the history of our In-
dian affairs as is the honorable ohairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs of this body.
He has had experience of it in all its phases.
Let him with his wisdom and that of his coad-
jutors upon the committee bring forth their
plan of Indian conduct or the manner in which
the Indian matters shall be conducted. Let
that plan undergo the scrutiny of this body of
the Legislature. Then let it go to the House
of Representatives and be scrutinized again by
the committee of that House, and again by that
distinguished body which surround that com-
mittee. Then what? Suppose they disagree?
Then comes a time when just what they seek
to have done now can be done. A committee
from each House meet in consultation; they
have the advantage of the wisdom of both
Houses in the character of their legislation
and they decide for themselves. A committee
of conference, if they can agree, make the
legislation complete. But I am apprehensive
that if you attempt to coalesce in legislation
by committees and mingle counsels before
legislation is ripened or perfected it will lead
to disastrous results.
I hope, therefore, that this resolution, for
this session at least, will not pass. Let these
experiments that are now beiug tried be fully
tested; let these experiments have time to be
tested, and I have no doubt that they will result
in good government for the Indians. I appre-
hend that if the Indians are pretty much let
alone now, the difficulties with them will soon
cease. I would rather have the energies of
this nation centered upon building railroads
through this country and taking along with
them population, than on all the armies of the
nation. 1 had rather have population go among
the Indians than armies. 1 had rather have
forces there that are able to protect themselves
than armies, because everybody who is at all
acquainted with Indian fighting knows that five
hundred Indians can keep five thousand sol-
diers in motion. They are here to-day &nd
there to-morrow, showing just force enough to
divert the attention of the most experienced
military commander.
I ask, then, that this Senate shall say that
these experiments now being tried shall have
a fair opportunity of being tested. I ask that
the policy at present adopted shall be let alone,
at least for this session, and let us see what
this season brings forth, From a careful glean-
ing of all I can learn on that subject I appre-
hend no particular difficulty with the Indians
the coming summer. If these Quakers can
revive again the theory and the practice of
Penn., for Heaven'ssake letthem try it. If it
is yet in their power and in the heart, of the
Indians to be moved by those influences that
formerly were so genial and productive of good,
I repeat, let them be tried this season. The
armies are already on the watch-tower, and
faithful agents in the military department are
exercising their influence upon these several
tribes. Let them try it.
But, sir, the trouble is that no one system is
allowed to cool in its seat before a new one is
introduced. I regard it as the most dangerous
experiment that has yet been made to have a
joint consultation to adopt a new policy. I
know very well how the honorable Senator, the
chairman of the Indian Committee, feels about
it. I know the opposition that he has met with
in the other House. But I ask him whether
he is willing to break down the custom of ages
in legislation, whether he is willing to merge
independent action in legislation in advance
for the purpose of making this new experi-
ment ?
It is said that the House of Representatives
will not make appropriations. Then, sir, the
consequenccs are with them. This body gives
to the House its maturest deliberation upon a
system intended to control and govern the
Indians. If they are not satisfied with that,
and saj they will not make appropriations to
carry it out, the consequenoes are with them,
not upon the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate, not upon this
body; but they are with them, and a just
people will lay the blame where it ought to
belong.
I hope, therefore, that the independent legis-
lation of these two bodies will be maintained.
I hope that this experiment will be allowed to
be fairly tried, for this session at least, and
that this resolution will not pass.
Mr. HARLAN. The chief opposition made
to this proposition of the House of Repre-
sentatives for a special joint committee seems
to be based on the allegation that it is unusual
to appoint such committees. Let us see whether
that is the fact or not. Within my memory,
during my brief service here, I remember that
s\ich committees have been frequently ap-
pointed on both grave and trivial subjects. I
remember that we had a joint committee of the
two Houses on the conduct of the war; also,
a joint committee of the two Houses on the sub-
ject of reconstruction.
Mr. President, if there be danger of merging
the independent action of the two Houses on
account of the deliberations of a joint com-
mittee the danger must be greater in propor-
tion to the magnitude of the subjects submitted
to them for consideration. If no danger re-
sulted from the organization of a joint Com-
mittee on the Conduct of the War, and on the
more complicated subject of reconstruction, it
is not probable that the two Houses will bo
annihilated, or the independent action of the
two Houses destroyed by a joint, committee
for the consideration of Indian affairs.
But, sir, very recently we have had a joint
committee of the two Houses on the subject,
of ordnance, a subject of less magnitude than
the conduct of the war or of reconstruction;
and one also on the subject of retrenchment
and reform, and also one for the purpose of
auditing the contingent expenses of the Exec-
utive Mansion. So that both branches of
Congress heretofore have deemed it to bo a
proper thing to have the two Houses act in
harmony through a joint committee on subjects
of the greatest magnitude as well as on sub-
jects of the most inconsiderable consequence.
Now, what can be said in opposition to the
appointment of this joint committee when asked
for by the coordinate branch of Congress that
coula not have been said with greater weight
of authority when the proposition was made
bv a member of this body for a joint commit-
tee on the conduct of the war, or on recon-
struction, or on those other trivial subjects,
ordnance and retrenchment and auditing the
accounts of the Executive Mansion. It seems
to me that the argument when weighed is triv-
ial. It has been considered heretofore, and
the Senate and the House of Representatives
have both deemed it important, where there
were conflicts of opinion on an important sub-
ject, to bring the two Houses together through
the action of a joint committee. They cannot
meet ir< the same Chamber ; they cannot com-
pare opinions in this way, and the only mode
of a comparison of opinion where there is a
conflict is through the modium of a joint com-
mittee or a committee of conference.
It has been said by some Senators during
this discussion that they feared that there was
some cat under this meal. Thatis a very easy
way to destroy a proposition, by insinuation of
some supposed corruption. If there is any-
thing of this kind it seems to me it is the duty
of Senators to speak it out plainly; let us
know what it is, in order that the innocent may
not suffer with those who are supposed to be
guilty of some such evil intention.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to say a word?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The instances the Senator has
mentioned of joint committees, as I under-
stand, were not within the ordinary circuit of
legislative business. On the contrary, every
one of them was extraordinary, such as the
Committee on the Conduct of the War. Ever
since the formation of th^ Government the
management of Indian affairs has been treated
and regarded as ordinary legislation of the
Government. I simply rose to say to the hon-
orable Senator that the eases he mentions'are
exceptional cases.
Mr. HARLAN. Some of them,,! remarked,
were exceptional in that they were subjects of
vast magnitude, subjects requiring the deliber-
ation of the best minds of both branches of
Congress. But if there is danger of merging
the independence of the two branches of Con-
gress through the action of a joint committee
the danger surely is augmented as you aug-
ment the importance of the subject that is to
bo submitted to them. It is the danger, as I
understand, of annihilating the independence
of the two brauches of Congress that is appre-
hended by Senators who have opposed this
resolution.
But while it is true that subjects of vast
magnitude have been snbmittedto the delib-
eration of joint committees, subjects of trivial
importance also have been heretofore, where
there was a difference of opinion, and those de-
liberations have resulted in legislation, legis-
lative action by both branches of Congress.
In the case of the joint Committee on Recon-
struction the subjects embraced in theirreport
have been before both branches of Congress ever
since the organization of that committee, and
yet,, eo far as I can sec, each branch is as inde-
pendent of the other in its actions as it ever
was.
But, again, one branch of Congress asks for
this conference on a given subject, with a view
of harmonizing what is known to be a conflict
of opinion as to the proper policy to be pur-
sued. When this is asked for by the other
branch of Congress, is it a sufficient answer
to say, " There is this great difference of opin-
ion, we do not agree with the House of Rep-
resentatives?" That is conceded bythellouse
in asking for this joint committee for the pur-
pose of deliberation. They say, " We do not
agree with the Senate, the Senato does not,
agree with the House ; it becomes necessary to
compare the opinions of the two bodies. There
is no other modeof comparison known tolegis-
lative action except through the medium of a
jointcommittceoracommittee of conference."
It was said by one Senator during this dis-
cussion that one member of the Senato agree-
ing with the five members of the House would
be a majority of the joint committee, and in
this way would sink the independent action of
the five members of the Senate. Did it occur
to that Senator that one member of the House
agreeing with the five members of the Senato
would be able to vote down the House part of
the committee? The argument is as strong on
the ono side as the other, if it were worth any-
thing; but according to my apprehension it is
worth just nothing at all. The object of the
appointment of such a committee is to secure
conference between the two bodies, and nothing
more.
The honorable Senator who has just taken
his seat, and who has complimented me by
giving mo credit for more knowledge on this
subject than I deem myself entitled to, fears
that this committee may take under considera-
tion the subject of railroads.
Mr. NYE. No.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood him to say
so; I am gratified to be corrected. But, sir,
I may say on that point that what he desires to
achieve by the bill to which he has referred
will probably never come before this commit-
tee for its consideration; and the whole pur-
pose of his bill, so far as disclosed on that point,
has been accepted by the Indians themselves,
for in their treaties of 1866 they have agreed
that railroads may be built through their coun-
try east and west, north and south. So that
this impediment is not in the way. But that
subject probably would never be referred to
this committee; and if it were the report of
