my
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
January 12„
I doubt if the national banks can expect to
receivp in the future more than four per cent,
from the bonds deposited by them with the
Government, and, considering the profits at-
tributed to their business, it may be that there
wouldbe a reluctant consent even to this allow-
ance". Hereit must be observed that the whole
system of national banks is founded upon the
bonds of the natien, so that at the rate of liqui-
dation now adopted for the national debt the
system will be without support in the lapse of
twelve or fifteen years. The stability of the
banks, which is so vital alike to the national
currency and to the pecuniary interests involved
in the business, can be assured only by an issue
of bonds for a longer term. Of course, the
longer the period the more valuable the bond.
To reduce the interest arbitrarily on the exist-
ing short bonds of the banks without offering
compensation in some form would be posi-
tively .unjust, besides being an infringement
of the guarantees surrounding such bonds, and,
therefore, a violation of good faith. A substi-
tute twenty-sixty bond will be assurance of sta-
bility for this length of time, while the additional
life of the bond will be a compensation for the
reduction of interest. As it is not proposed
to issue such bonds immediately except for
banking purposes, they will not fall below par,
and this par will be coin, which, I need not say,
the sixes now held by the banks will not com-
mand. If through the failure or winding up
of any bank an amount of the substituted bonds
should be liberated, there will be an instant
demand for them at par by new banks arising
to secure the relinquished circulation.
Allow me here to interpose a brief word on
the difference in value between a long bond and
a short bond. Obviously the short bond will be
liquidated at an early day, so thatany premium,
while increasing the capital invested, lessens the
percentage of income. Thus §1,000 in a six
per cent, bond, with a premium of twenty per
cent., will cost ij>l,200, with an income of sixty
dollars only, or five per cent., and the bond, if
paid at par, would involve a loss of the pre-
mium. But the same $1,200 invested in fives,
will be represented by $1,200 in bonds, yield-
ing annually sixty dollars, or five per cent.,
with this constant advantage, that when paid at
par the investor would find his original capital
intact. Therefore, it cannot be expected when
I he fives are brought to par that the short sixes
soon to be paid at par will have a value pro-
portioned to their higher interest. It will be
with them as with other things in this world
where value is diminished by the brevity of
existence.
Ihe extension of bank notes from three to
five hundred millions, which I propose, will
extend the banking system where it is now
needed. Ihis alone is much. How long the
Senate debated this question at ihe last session
without any practical result cannot be forgot-
ten. J.hat debate certifies to the necessitv of 1
this extension. The proposition I offer shows
how it may be accomplished and made espe-
?i! v ".ene2cent. The requirement from all
the banks of new four per cent, bonds at the
rate of one hundred dollars for eighty dollars
ol notes issued and to be issued would absorb
six hundred and twenty-five millions of the
national debt into four per cents.; while the
vithdrawal ol one dollar of greenbacks for each
additional dollar of notes will go far to extin-
guish the outstanding greenbacks, thus quietly
and without any appreciable contraction re-
moving an impediment to specie payments.
Naturally, as by a process of gestation, will
this birth be accomplished. It will come, and
nobody can prevent it.
In presenting this series of measures I am
penetrated by the conviction that, if adopted
they cannot fail to bring all the national obli-
gations to n, par with coin, and then specie
payments will he resumed without effort. Our
bonds will be among the most popular in the
market. No longer below par, they will con-
tinue to advance, while the national credit lifts
its head unimpeached, unimpeachable. Under
this influence the remainder of our outstanding
debt may be refunded in fifteen-fifties at four
and a half per cent., if not in twenty-sixties at
four per cent. There will then be sixteen hun-
dred and twenty-five millions refunded at an
average of less than four and $ half per cent.,
and the whole debt, including the irredeemable
sixes of 1881 at an average of less than five
per cent., while all will be within our control
five years earlier than in the maximum period
proposed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
This rate is lower than that of any European
Government, unless we except England and
Switzerland. The latter Power has obtained a
loan of two and a half millions recently at four
and a half per cent. The recent French Ren te,
which found such favor at three percent, nom-
inally was uttered at prices varying from sixty-
five to sixty-eight, so that one thousand millions
of obligations represented six hundred and fifty
or six hundred and eighty millions of money
actually paid, making the. annual cost to the
Government more than five per cent. It would
be easy to show how other Governments have
paid much more. Well may we yet a little
longer yield to England, where wealth is so
surpassing, and to Switzerland, where economy
takes the place of wealth. The time is at hand
when the wealth of England and the economy
of Switzerland combined will be less command-
ing than the unquestionable resources of our
country.
One immediate consequence of these meas-
ures would be the relief of the people from
eighty to one hundred millions of taxation,
while there would remain a surplus revenue of
two millions a month applicable to the reduc-
tion of the debt, being more than enough to
liquidate the whole prior to the maturity of the
new obligations, if it were thought advisable to
complete the liquidation at so early a day.
The country will breathe freer, business will be
more elastic, life will be easier, as the assurance
goes forth that no heavy taxation shall be con-
tinued in order to pay the debt in eleven years,
as is now proposed, nor in fifteen years, nor in
twenty years. By the present measufes, while
retaining the privilege of paying the debt within
twenty years, we shall secure the alternative
of sixty years, and at a largely reduced inter-
est ; leaving the opportunity of paying it at any
intermediate time according to the best advan-
tage of the country. With diminished taxation
and resources increasing immeasurably, the
national debt will cease to be a burden be-
coming "fine by degrees and beautifully less"
until it gradually ceases to exist.
^ In making this statement,I offer my contribu-
tion to the settlement of a great question. If
I am wrong what I have said will soon be for-
gotten. Meanwhile I ask for it your candid
attention, adding one further remark, with
which I shall close. I never have doubted, I
i cannot doubt, the ease with which the transition
to specie payments can be accomplished, espe-
cially as_ compared with the ominous fears
which this simple proposition seems to excite
m certain quarters. We are gravely warned
against it as a period of crisis. I do not believe
there will be anything to which this term can
be reasonably applied. Like every measure of
essential justice it will at once harmonize with
the life of the community, and people will be
astonished at the long postponement of an act
so truly beneficent in all its influences, so im-
portant to the national character, and so con-
genial with the business interests of the country
|l During Mr. Sumner's remarks, at one
1 o clock,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please suspend his remarks
Ihe morning hour having expired, the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia
entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States is before the Senate, the
pending question being on the motion of the
benatorfrom Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] to amend
the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that be l^id
aside informally until my colleague shall have
concluded his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be passed over informally.
The Chair hears no objection, and the Senate?
from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. Stjmner having concluded,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the bill be printed and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished'
business of yesterday is now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the unfinished
business of yesterday be laid aside informally
to enable us to conclude the morning business,
which has not yet been done.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. That may be
done by common consent. The Chair hears
no objection ; and the unfinished business is
laid aside, and the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions is yet in order.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 381) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the western boundary
of Minnesota to the junction of the Sioux Wood
river with the Red river of the North to the
Winnipeg district of British America; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 3S2) to remove certain political disabilities
from persons therein named, in the State of
Mississippi; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the Remo-
val of Political Disabilities, and ordered to be
printed.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which can lie over until to-morrow:
Sesohed, That the thirty-ninth standing rule of
lowing • amende,:! by adding thereto the fol-
tJjVL1!15-! rul® shall not apply to treaties with
Indian tribes, which shall be considered and acted
upon m open Senate.
VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over, under the fifty-third rule.
-message prom this house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 92)
m addition to the act entitled "An act to in-
corporate the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Steam Packet Company."
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, m which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
_A bill (H. R. No. 249) concerning the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district
of Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 785) to provide for fur-
nishingartificial limbs to disabled soldiers:
A bill (H. R. No. 787) for the relief of David
sergeant;
A bill (H. R. No. 790) repealing so much of
the act of August 8,1846, as declared the Des
Moines river, m the then Territory of Iowa, a
public highway; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) amend-
atory of the joint resolution for the relief of
26 1866 6rS °f tllG Army' aPProved July
state of virginia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
°' declaring Virginia en-
tt •+ t°crePresentati<>n in the Congress of the
united states, the pending question being on
