1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
the amendment of Mr. Drake to add to the
resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That should the Legislature of said State
at any time hereafter pass any act or resolution re-
scinding or annulling its ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the passage of such actor resolution shall
operate to exclude th e said State from representation
in Congress and to remand said State to its condition
immediately prior to the passage of this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the drift
of the debate yesterday has led me to review
with some care the reconstruction acts, to cor-
rect impressions which, strong as they were,
faded before positive assertions. I heard it
denied strenuously that we were committed to
the recognition of Virginia, even assuming full
compliance on her part with all specified condi-
tions. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] was corrected for having fallen into
such a supposition, and the honorable Senator
who set him right said that had he been famil-
iar with the provisions of these acts, he would
not have made so great a blnnder. If I assume
the correctness of the suggestion thus made by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
I must find that I have proc eeded thus far upon
a basis mistaken indeed ! The American peo-
ple in Congress assembled stand pledged to
recognize the State of Virginia, and to restore
her to representation. Such was my under-
standing when the debate began; such is my
understanding now. This results from the
general method and intendment of the recon-
struction acts but it results more specifically
still.
Section five of the act of March 23, 1867, in
express terms plights the nation's faith in this
regard, and recites the events upon which alone
the restoration of Virginia shall depend. It
was said yesterday that Virginia had failed to
avail herself of this section, and that we were
therefore to dismissitfromconsideration. This
I deny, and I suggest to the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who made the state-
ment, and to the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] who acquiesced in it, that section
five of the act of 1867 stands and operates now
as much as it ever did; that its operation has
never been interrupted by Virginia; and that
all the events have occurred upon which its
final effect depends.
Virginia formed a constitution December 3,
1867, and Congress required it to be ratified
by her people, and prescribed the qualifica-
tions of electors and the mode of election.
The commanding general was to "conduct"
the election ; and thecommandinggeneralfor
want of funds, as was alleged, omitted to
conduct or to cause an election to be held.
The Senate cannot have forgotten that Gen-
eral Schofield, afterward Secretary of War,
then commandant of the department of Vir-
ginia, omitted and reported that he omitted to
hold an election for the reason that funds had
'not been furnished (not by Virginia, she was
not to furnish them, but by the United States)
with which an election might be held. There-
fore it was that Virginia, without fault of hers,
was denied the right to ratify her constitution
along with the seven other States which, like
Virginia, had engaged in rebellion.
Section four of the act of March 23, 1807,
directed that the convention of Virginia should
fix the time of holding the election at which
the constitution should be submitted, and should
fix it not less than thirty days after the date of
the notice. The day was fixed by the conven-
tion ; it was the second day of June_, 1808.
That day came and passed, and no election was
held or authorized, the officers of the United
States alone being competent to authorize or
hold it. It was to right this wrong that as
regards Virginia the act of April 10, 1869,
was adopted, authorizing the holding of an
election—of that election which had not before
been permitted. Thus the act of March 23,
1867, still stands, and speaks of Virginia and
for Virginia with all the intendments and faith
to be found in section five.
The conditions upon which Virginia's right
depend have all been complied with; some of
them more literally by Virginia than by several
other States whose restoration is complete.
I will enumerate those conditions, speaking
from the act:
First, the constitution adopted is not only
republican in form, not only void of offense in
this regard, but the two Houses of Congress
have virtually said so. The act of April 10,
1869, refers to the constitution which had been
previously reported to Congress, and by sub-
mitting it to a vote and by its manner of
treating it puts its republicanism beyond pres-
ent criticism or cavil from us.
Again—I quote the words of the act—the
election was one at which all the registered
and qualified electors in the State had an op-
portunity to vote freely. Why may I say so ?
Because the returns of the election of themselves
warrant me in saying it. The number of electors
registered was as follows: white, 149,781; col-
ored, 120,103, making a total of 269,884. _The
Senate will remember that the registration was
made in the summer of 1867; the election was
not until July, 1869, two years afterward.
The second section of the act of April 10,1869,
allowed the list to be revised and " enlarged."
Additions were made; but those who had died,
those who had removed from the State, those
who had been registered in one precinct and
removed afterward to another, did not appear
to have their names stricken off; and yet ob-
serve, Mr. President, the unusual percentage
of the vote cast, when we consider the circum-
stances. Of those registered who actually
voted there were: whites, 125,144; colored,
97,205, making a total of 222,349; so that
24,637 whites and 22,898 blacks who were
registered did not vote; and in this statement
no allowance is made for all the double registra-
tions, or for all the want of a true reduction
of registration, resulting in the ways already
indicated.
Again, the act requires that Congress shall
be satisfied that " such constitution meets the
approval of a majority of all the qualified
electors of the Stale." Can we doubt this?
The registration caused by Congress bore, as I
have said, of the living, the absent, the dead,
and of those twice registered, 269,884 names,
and 210,585 votes were cast for the constitu-
tion and only 9,136 were cast against it, show-
ing a majority of more than three to one, count-
ing all, living and dead, present and absent,
upon the rolls of registration.
This completes the list of requirements of
the act in question, excepting those of which
no doubt arises now. By subsequent acts the
ratification of the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States was added as a condition; and this con-
dition also has been complied with by majori-
ties in both houses of the General Assembly
of Virginia approaching very near to unanimity.
If the Senate were agreed that Virginia has
complied on her part with all of these condi-
tions it seems to me there could be no division
as to the duty resting on us. But it is said
that Virginia has come short or gone wrong,
and so it is argued we may hold her still in sus-
pended relationship. The allegations in sup-
port of this position, as far as I have gathered
them, are these:
1. That the members of the General Assem-
bly did not take the oath prescribed by the act
of 1862, known as the " test-oath '' prescribed
for officers of the United States.
2. That the officers of the two houses were
not sworn.
3. That persons disqualified by the fourteenth
amendment sat in one or both houses, or so sat
for aught we know ; and
4. That the election was unfair.
Let me consider these objections.
First, as to the test-oath. Has any State a
Senator in this Chamber whose Legislature
administered the test-oath, or thus qualified its
members? If there be a Senator here elected
by a Legislature-thus qualified I should be^Iad
to know the State whence he comes. Was the
Legislature of Arkansas thus qualified? Did
the members of the Legislature of Alabama,
or Florida, or the Carolinas take the test-oath ?
Was ittaken in Louisiana? Louisiana inquired
in advance whether the members of her Legis-
lature were to take it. She inquired of the
General of the Army, now the President of
the United States, and he answered that the
reconstruction acts did not require the admin-
istration of that oath. She inquired of the
Judiciary and Reconstruction Committees of
the House of Representatives, the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury being a member of one
of the committees, and the answer, in lan-
guage which I have before me, was that it was
unnecessary to take the test-oath. I will read it.
Mr. HOWARD. What page ?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will find it
in executive document No. 13, page 26.
"Washington, Jme30, 1868.
To Governor Warmotii, New Orleans."
I omit the first of the telegram, and read the
concluding words:
"This is tobedcterminedby the respective houses,
but no oath can be imposed except the oath pre-
scribed by tho State constitution,"
Signed by James F. Wilson, chairman,
George S. Boutwell, J. F. Farnsworth, and
H. E. Pake.
Mr. Wilson signed as chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and the others as members
of the Reconstruction Committee.
Who at the date of this communication chal-
lenged the soundness of the advice it gave?
Was such an objection raised in the case of
Georgia? Her Legislature took no test-oath.
Yes, sir; the objection was raised, and it was
overruled by the Judiciary Committee as it had
been virtually overruled before by the Senate
in repeated instances. Senators had come from
Legislatures which were gazetted in advance to
have omitted and refused the test-oath,, and
these Senators were admitted and sit here still.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator
to say that in Louisiana the oath was not
applied ?
Mr. CONKLING. I so understand.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that it was.
I am so assured by one of the Senators from
that State.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, having
taken pains to inquire of one of the Senators
myself, I understand that an attempt was
made—and the Senators from Louisiana are
here to correct me if I am wrong—in the tem-
porary organization to insist upon the oath;
the question was examined, advice was sought
from Washington, a part of which I have read,
and the attempt was abandoned at the next
meeting; and the conclusion was reached and
promulgated that it was not the duty of any
member to take the oath nor the right of any
authority to insist upon it. If the Senator will
take the trouble to acquaint himself with the
facts he will find that I state them as they
appear on the record, and as the Senators, one of
them certainly, from the State understand then.
So much for States already established here,
and for the inquiries they made and the advice
they received. Virginia also inquired in ad-
vance if the members of her Legislature were
to take tho test-oath. She wisely directed her
inquiry. She inquired through the Depart-
ment of War of that renowned jurist, that
bright ornament plucked from the judiciary of
Massachusetts to grace the present Adminis-
tration as its Attorney General. That distin-
guished functionary replied in an opinion which
has been read, and in which with elaborate
reasoning he advised that no obligation rented
upon the members of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia to take any such oath.
At this point, Mr. President, I confess my-
self puzzled and embarrassed in advancing in
the debate. If I may borrow an expression
from the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] I felt pained to hear in this Chamber
