1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4525
Fortunately tlic commerce of New Y'uk can seek,
and has already sought to a great extent, the more
quiet waters of the Hudson river, but the other side
of the city of San Francisco has no such river flow-
ing along its front.
The board will not novr enter upon the other con-
sequences that might follow the closing up of the
channel under discussion, but '.nil remark that in its
opinion such a change might prove injurious, and
should not be permitted without the most thorough
investigation of the subject.
lieccpitulatioii.
This board is of the opinion that no portion of
Yorba Buena Island, or of the adjacent shoal, can
salely be given up for railroad or commercial pur-
poses.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
GEORGE H. ELLIOT,
Major of Engineers.
Cr. II. MENDELL,
Major Engineers, Brevet Colonel U. S. Army.
IS. S. ALEXANDER
Brevet Brigadier General. U.S.A.,
President of Board of Engineers.
Chakles \V, Raymond,
Captain of Engineers, Recorder of Board.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. WashburkJ
has detracted from his handsome acknowledg-
ment of good faith ou my part yesterday by
the allegation that there was an attempt to gag
this bill through. The House will bear me
witness that yesterday when 1 introduced this
bill I distinctly avowed there was no purpose
to do this thing in a corner. I admitted every
amendment which was offered, and X said alter
the previous question was seconded I would
divide my hour for closing debate liberally with
the opponents of the bill; but gentlemen on
the other side took a line ol' action, as they
had a perfect right t,o do, which prevented dis-
cussion on their part or on mine.
Now, sir, this parallel between Governor's
Island and this island of Yerba Buena, in the
Bay of San Francisco, is no parallel at all.
Vessels of any draught cannot pass on the east
side of Yerba Bueoa, which is known to the
California delegation and to every man who
has visited San Francisco, while Governor's
Island may be circumnavigated by vessels oi
the largest draught.
I know, sir, these engineers welh They look
at things from their own stand-point. 1 know
they make a specialty of this business, and 1
say to this House, on the assertion of the chief
of engineers, General Humphreys himselt, that
he has never been in the Bay ol San Francisco,
and that ail he knows of this island is from the
reports made by his officers there. I -say far-
ther, on the representation of General George
H. Thomas, now deceased, made to me in Sau
Francisco in October last, that one half oi this
island is all that is required by the Government
of the United States for military purposes.
The General of tho Army expressed the same
opinion to me this week.
But this bill goes further. It not only re-
serves one half ol this island absolutely, but
concedes to the Government during war the
free use of the entire island for military pur-
poses. Gentlemen talk about the value oi this
island. What is it now? These reports from
the Coast Survey office and from these engi-
neers show that it is a high rocky elevation,
not worth a dollar for agricultural purposes.
If gentlemen will look at this map,^which I
have had made at the Coast Survey office, they
will observe a cross section running very nearly
through the center ol tho island, showing an
elevation at that point of over tnree hundred
feet.
This island cannot be sold. In the first place
the Government will ncg. part with it to any-
body absolutely; nor should it. They will re-
serve it for fortifications lor the harbor, *v ill
any one tell me that if these shoals had reached
up to this island anybody would have raised
a question whether it could be used as a rail-
road terminus? I do not advocate this meas-
ure in the interest of the railruad. It is im-
material to me whether this bill be voted up
or voted down. But I say that, the Government
of the United States has expended $55,000,000
for the purpose of attracting the commerce of
the East, and I put my support of this bill
upon this simple ground; that it is the duty of
the Government of the United States, independ-
ently of the interests of the Pacific railroad, or
any other railroad, to give commerce the same
facilities in the bay of San Francisco that are
given in the harbor of Now York, or elsewhere,
and riot now to thwart its original purpose.
Gentlemen sit here calmly and by a monosyl-
lable vote away, without compunction, hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars for the improve-
ment of the harbors of the interior of this coun-
try, which yield not a dollar of revenue to the
Government of the United States. But when
the question comes up here whether we shall
give facilities to the commerce of two conti-
nents, which yields millions of revenue to the
Government directly, then we are told that
because there is a railroad involved the grant
cannot be made. Are not gentlemen aware—
and there are many here who have been in this
bay—that every pound of through commerce
which passes over this road has to be lightered
for a distance of seven or eight, miles, and that
at an expense and delay to commerce?
And now, sir, a.word as to Professor Peirce.
Perhaps Professor Peirce's objections, so far
as they regarded the original bill, were well
founded. His idea, as I have understood from
the gentleman from Wisconsin and from other
sources, is that this company intend to build
a solid dike from Oakland to this island, and
so obstruct the flow of water. It was for the
purpose of removing that objection that I
amended the bill so as to provide that the
track should be laid on open pile and trestle
work, which should be constructed under the
direction of the engineer department of the
United States.
A Member. Would not the piling obstruct
the flow of water?
Mr. WHEELER. I have had to deal with
this objection before. For a period of two
years, in the Legislature of my State, I con-
tended for a right of way similar to the one
here asked over Lake Champlain for the Og-
densburg and Lake Champlain railroad, and
was repeatedly defeated, on the allegation that
the piling would obstruct the flow of water.
But 1 prevailed at last; and after the work was
completed careful investigation made by United
States engineer officers showed that there was
no damming up of the water to the extent of a
single inch.
There is no commerce on the east side of
Yerba Buena Island. Gentlemen who have
been there understand this—every gentleman
from California understands it—that there is
no commerce to be obstructed. But lest there
may in the.future beeommeree to be obstructed
there the bill provides that, upon the requisi-
tion of the President of the United States, this
company .shall erect a draw-bridge, so that
commercial or naval vessels shall pass around
the northerly end of the island. Gentlemen
talk about the value of this island as being
$5,000,000. I say that it is, in its present
situation, worth nothing except for govern-
mental uses. I admit that by the railroad it
would be made valuable. But the most care-
ful estimates by competent engineers show that
to construct these three and three quarter miles
of piling, and to blast down the surface of the
island for the purposes of the railroad com-
pany, would cost at least $3,000,000. If gen-
tlemen would deduct tho expense of reaching
and making available the island they would
abate somewhat their ideas of its immense
value.
This bill is carefully guarded in every par-
ticular. It compels this company to occupy
this island with their railway within three years
from the date of this grant, which everybody
will admit is but reasonable.
The SPEAKER. One half of the gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. LOGAN. "One suggestion, before the
gentleman takes his seat. I would like the
gentleman to state to the House, in reference
to the report of General Humphreys, what the
chief engineer said to him.
Mr. WHEELER. The_chief of the-engi-
neer department, General Humphreys, told me,
as I have already stated, that he: had never
visited the harbor of San Francisco. I- now
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] Who has
visited the bay of San Francisco, and knows
whereof he will affirm.
Mr. BLAIR. My friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] seems to be actuated by a
very great zeal in regard to this bill. I have
little expectation that this House will decide
this matter either upon what he has said or
upon what I may say. I think he has failed to
observe some things in connection with this
subject which are worthy of observation. I had
occasion to become a little acquainted with the
situation of this island and the Bay of San Fran-
cisco while I was on a visit to the Pacific coast
last summer with the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House. On the 4th of July last,
General Ord, commanding at San Francisco,
accompanied the members of the Committee of
Ways and Means, with a large numberof intelli-
gent gentlemen, citizens of the city of San Fran-
cisco, and a considerable number of the officers
of the Army attached to his command, to all the
ports in ar.d around the Bay of San Francisco.
During that visit there was a great dual of discus-
sion as to the necessity of retaining this island
by the Government for military purposes, as
to its value in that regard, and as to its value
in other respects. I remernberthat t.he subject
was discussed quite at large as to whether the
building of a railroad track from Oakland across
to the island would interfere daugerously with
the navigation of the waters of that bay. From
my present recollection oi the matter, I think
there was a general opinion expressed that
there would be no difficulty in so constructing
the road as not to make such an interference.
I know my own mind settled down very posi-
tively upon that opinion. And I notice that
the bill under consideration takes care of that
matter, and requires that the bridge shall be
open so as not to interrupt the flow of the water.
But I want to say a word or two in regard
to the general aspect of this measure. If i am
not mistaken, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] was not in favor of the outlay
made in favor of the original Pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I was not
in Congress then.
Mr. BLAIR. I was speaking from general
impression, that the gentleman was opposed to
the original Pacihc railroad bdl. But at least the
Congress of the United Slates settled the policy
in favor of the road. It bestowed public lands
and guarantied bonds for what it believed to
be a good and valuable object,^ to connect the
two portions of the country, East and West,
and to increase and make more convenient the
commerce which was to go into the port of
San Francisco. This bill designs the same
thing ; it has precisely the same object. There
is no way by which a railroad from the east
can approach the city ot San Francisco conven-
iently except by going to Goat Island. No man
can visit the Bay of San Francisco, and look
at the city and this island together, and come
to any other conclusion than that there is no
method by which a proper terminus' for the
Pacific railroad, at or near the city of Sau
Francisco, can be obtained except by the occu-
pation of a portion of Goat Island.
Now, for the purpose of completing the great
work which Congress lias undertaken—to roase
a highway from the Atlantic to the Pacific, to
terminate it conveniently for the benefit of
commerce and the convenience of trade and
for the interest of the people—it is necessary
that this terminus should be provided. Ihis
subject has been already before Congress, and
has been frequently discussed. Congress has,
I believe, settled down in the opinion that the
passage of this bill will be no injury to the
country, but, on the contrary, a great benefit.
