1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
1693
and the magnitude of the question to whicli it
relates, and I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The Clerk read as follows: '
Petition to the Forty-First Congress of the United States:
Tho undersigned respectfully and earnestly ask 1
your honorable body to authorizo at onco tho ap-
pointment by the President of aland commission, to
bo composed of well-known, disinterested friends of
the freed people, with authority to appoint a limited
number of agents, whose duty it shall be to coop-
erate with individuals and associations among the
hitherto enslaved.for thoseleetion and purchaso of
eligible lands for homesteads, to hold titles thereof
for a given period, until by installments they shall
have been paid for at actual cost to the Govern-
ment, when tho money so employod, not to excood
$2,000,000, shall be refunded to the national Treasury.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
piegan indians.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to eommunicato to this
lloasc all information in that Department relative
to the lato expedition against the fiegan Indians.
private bill day..
The SPEAKER stated that under the rules
this was set apart as private bill day, arid dur-
ing the morning hour reports of a private nature
were in order from the committees, beginning
with the Committee on Invalid Pensions, where
the call last rested.
MRS. ELIZA WB8B.
Mr. BENJAMIN reported, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, a bill (H. R. No.
1407) granting a pension fb Mrs. Eliza Webb,
widow of Daniel S. Webb, late a private in
company G, eighth regiment Tennessee cav-
alry; which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb, late
a private in company G, eighth Tennessee cav-
alry, at the rate of eight dollars a month, to
commence from arid after the passage ofc this
act.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I more the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, ana
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW POST ROAD.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Vajt Auken] to intro-
duce a bill.
Mr. VAN AUKEN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 1406) to establish
a post road from Flicksville, via Ackerraanville,
to Pen&rgil, in Northampton county, Pennsyl-
vania ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and PoBt Roads.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the
following petitions; and the same were laid
on the table:
Petition of James M. Adams, a private in
company B, second regiment New Jersey vol-
unteers, asking for a pension;
Petition of Benjamin Jarvis, a private in
company —, regiment New Jersey vol-
unteers, asking for a pension;
Petition of Sarah A. Johnson, mother of
Edward J. Gr6ss, company D, one hundred
and twenty-first Ohio volunteers, forapension ;
and
Petition of John Newell, of Maine, for an
increase of pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman j
from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] to introduce n.bill. I
MILITIA IN WYOMING. j
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimousconsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1409) to organize the j
militia for tho Territory of Wyoming; which j
was read a first and second time, and referred J
to the Committee on the Militia.
KATE SPRIGGS.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the Committee ;
on Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the !.
petition of Kate Spriggs, widow of Benjamin J i
Spriggs, company F, lifty-sixth regiment Ohio
volunteers, for a pension; and the same was
laid on the table. i
SAHAH R. DICK.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Inva- j
lid Pensions, reported a bill (H. IX. No. 1410) I;
granting a pension to Sarah R. Dick; which j1
was read a-first and second time. j •
The question was on ordering the bill to be ,
engrossed and read a third time. j
The bill, which was read, authorizes and >
; directs the Secretary of the Interior to place on 1
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and ;
limitations of the pension laws, the name of j
Sarah R. Dick, mother of George R. Dick, !
deceased, late acting assistant surgeon United |!
States Army; the pension to commence on the j j
passage of this act. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, called ! I
i for the reading of the report. j
The report, which was read, narrated the
| services, as shown by the evidence, of George
H. Dick, late contract assistant surgeon in the
United States Army, from July 1, 1862, until
he died at Salterlee, June 6, 1864, of chronic
diarrhea, contracted in the service in the line of
his duty; and stated that the evidence showed
that Sarah R. Dick was dependent on her said
son for support, and that she has no means of
her own.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
. Toe previous question was secon4ed and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
J Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
t by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
I that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KOBBRT II- BROWN.
Mr. PHELPS also reported from the same
committee a bill (H. R. No. 1411) granting a
pension to Robert H. Brown, of Champaign
county, Illinois; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Robert H. Brown, late assistant surgeon of
the twenty-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers, to
commence on the passage of the act.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of the minor
children of Enos Mills, deceased, for a pen-
sion ; and the same was laid on the tabic.
christina armel.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (H. It. No. 616) grant-
ing a pension to Christina Armel, and moved
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
GORDON.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it be laid upon the table, the bill (H. Ii. No.
329) granting a pension to Jerry Gordon.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before the House takes
action on that report I desire to raise a ques-
tion as to what disposition the House should
make of that bill. I am surprised that the
report should be adverse. I had understood
that the committee would report the bill back
without recommendation one way or the other.
I desire that the House shall vote understand-
ing^ on the question whether or not the Gov-
ernment of tWs United States will award a pen-
sion to this applicant. I desire that the bill
shall pas3 notwithstanding the recommenda-
tion of the committee, and hence I propose to
occupy the attention of the House lor a little
while.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Irise
to a point of order. This is private bill day,
and I do not see how a gentleman having reports
to make of a private nature can yield the floor
for other business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] is discussing a report
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phelps.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I say the report ought
not to be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
misunderstood what the gentleman was say-
ing.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yon see, Mr. Speaker,
how necessary it is that I should have the
attention of members in order that they may
understand what is going on in the House.
Let me state the facts in this case. In 1864 or
18651 was riding across the aqueduct bridge at
Georgetown when I saw by the side of the road
a black man who had no legs, or at least very
short ones. I perceived at once that he had
met with some accident, and I stopped, out of
charity, out of humanity, and inquired how he
had lost his legs. He answered that he had
been at the battle of Bull Run and had received
a wound from a cannon shot that liad cost him
both his legs. " Ah," I said, " has the Gov-
ernment of the United States done nothing for
you?" He said, "No, nothing." I asked
him if he had a family, and he said he had a wife
and five children. It was two or three years
after he had lost his legs, and the Government
had done nothing for him. I asked him if he
had any property, and he said he had not. I
asked him how he lived, and he said on public
charity. I said,1' This seems to be wrong; how
is this ? " He then told me, as well as he could
say it—he could not tell it very well, but I un-
derstood what he meant—that as the laws of
the United States did not allow a negro to be
put upon tho muster-rolls, no matter what
services he might have rendered in front of
the enemy, and no matter what injuries he
might have received in the service of the Gov-
ernment, he could make no legal demand on
the Government for one farthing. I told him
there was do justice in such a law, and that if
I were in his place I would appeal to Congress
for a pension, and I told him that if he could
get up to the House of Representatives and
would send in for me I would draw up his
petition and present his case to the Commit-
