2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
to the same old abuses that have grown up here-
tofore, if they think they can get men upon this
commission who will be above contracts, paver
than members of Congress, purer than the Sec-
retary of the Interior, purer than the President,
then when Congress comes to that conclusion
1 shall bow to it; but I do say that this is a
subject of so much importance that it ought to
be further investigated. The design of the bill
is undoubtedly humane and good, but I say it
has not thrown around it those safeguards
which are necessary. Let me read another
provision:
Any member or members of said board shall, when
poisonally presoutatany agency or superintendoncy
in the legal performanoo of his duty as inspector,
luivo the power to suspend temporarily any super-
intendent, agent, omployS. or trader in connection
with tlio Indian service, -when the interests of tho
United States or of the Indians may, in the judg-
ment of said inspeotor or inspectors, seem to require
it, and in case of any such suspension the said in-
spector or inspectors may appoint some discreet per-
son to perform temporarily tho duties of tho person
so suspended, and in all such cases shall roport im-
jnediately all tho facts to the President of tho United
States through the Secretary of the Interior.
Then, supposing they are bad men, and very
often bad men get into this service, if anybody
is on a reservation who is in the way of their
making a corrupt contract, they can suspend
him and blacken his reputation. They have
got that power here. They can make any
showing they please, because they have the
money of the Government of the United States
to back them up. That is a power which I
would be afraid to trust to anybody.
I prefer, therefore, that we shall have direct
legislation for the Indians, that that legislation
shall be just and humane, that it shall be legis-
lation which will protect the interest of the
whites and the interest of the Indians. No-
body appears here for the white settlers. There
is no class of people so neglected in this regard
as the legitimate bona fide pioneer settlers of
the West. They have been worse misrepre-
sented than any other class of people. They
have been murdered and robbed, and then we
are told, " All you have got to do is to give
Indians presents, and that will stop these
things."
Mr. President, I shall discuss this bill at
length on my motion to reconsider its passage.
I think I have gone far enough into it now to
show that ifis just as liable to become a scheme
as that ten members of Congress are liable to
be guilty of a scheme if they are intrusted with
the duty of investigating this subject. I ask
if there is anything about Indian contracts or
Indian treaties that should preclude an invest-
igation of the subject?
Mr. HAMLIN. This matter has been dis-
cussed, according to my recollection, on sev-
eral occasions, and I think we have had several
votes upon it. Now, for the purpose of testing
the sense of the Senate and getting it out of
the way, I move to lay the resolution on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves that the concurrent resolution
and the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion, so as to obtain the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator from
Iowa accept my amendment?
The VIOE PRESIDENT. This is a House
concurrent resolution, and he could not ac
cept it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask for a vote on
tho amendment.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine has moved to lay the whole subject on
(he table, the concurrent resolution and the
pending amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And on that
motion the Senator from Iowa demands the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. jPOMBROY. I move to put the reso
lution at the foot of the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas rises to a motion of higher privilege,
and moves that the resolution be put at the
foot of the Calendar.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask a question
for information. Would that motion, if car-
ried, place the resolution at the foot of the
Calendar of resolutions?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would,
Mr. HARLAN. I will agree to that.
Mr. POMEROY. We have had nothing
but talk upon this subject, and I want to get
it out of the way.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. That motion must
be decided without debate, and it has priority
of the motion to lay on the table. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 24.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. If this motion is negatived,
then the question will come up on the motion
to lay on the table?
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask a question for
information connected with the effect of this
vote. If the resolution is placed at the foot
of the Calendar is it liable to be called up at
any time when the Senate reaches the foot of
the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will come up
in its order at the foot of the Calendar with
the motion of the Senator from Maine attached
to it, that it lie on the table.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SAWYER, (after having voted in the
affirmative.) I voted by mistake; I was paired
with the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Fonr-
IjER,] who, if he were present, would vote4 'nay."
I therefore desire to .withdraw the vote which I
gave.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote will be
withdrawn, if there be no objection.
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Cole, Gilbert, Kellogg. Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Spencer,
Stewart, Thayer, Warner, and Wilson—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Casserly,
Corbett. Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Ponton,
Perry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Ilamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, John-
ston, MoCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Pool, Ramsey, Rovela, Rice, Ross, Schurz, Scott,
Stockton, Sumuer, Thuiman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, Willey. Williams, and Yates—38.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Fowler, Howe, Howell,
McDonald, Norton, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sherman, and Sprague—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take the question
on the motion to lay this resolution on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote will be taken on that mo-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I object. I call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is before
the Senate. The Senator from Nevada in front
ofthe Chair [Mr. StewabtJ has moved to strike
out the proviso known as the Bingham amend-
ment, pending which the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] has moved to perfect that pro -
viso; and the first question will be on the motion
of the Senator from Oregon, npon which the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the Senator
from Kansas to allow a vote to be taken on
this Indian resolution and have it disposed of.
Why does he want it to come up every morn-
ing, week after week, interfering with other
business?
Mr. POMEROY. Is the Senator sure that
it will be laid on the table?
Mr. THAYER. I do not know and do not
care. I am perfectly indifferent as to that. I
only desire a vote so that it may be taken out
of the way. Let the will of the Senate govern,
•whatever it may be. I am ready to vote with-
out any debate.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless the motion to lay
on the table is carried, it is not taken out, of the
way by that vote.
Mr. THAYER. Let us pass it or defeat it.
Let us make a disposition of it in some way, so
that it will not come up every morning to the
exclusion of all other business. I appeal to the
Senator to allow the vote to be taken.
Mr. POMEROY, I am very anxious to getit
out of the way if it can be disposed of without
debate. j
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope the Senate will
pass upon this resolution. It has stood in the
way of public business for five or six mornings.
Mr. THAYER. More than that.
Mr. PATTERSON. Perhaps more than
that. We can do nothing, because this resolu-
tion stands in our way and we make no pro-
gress. The resolution, it seems tp me, is a very
simple one, and no one would have supposed
there was anything material in it if it had not
encountered'such intense opposition, an oppo-
sition which I cannot account for. It is the
most innocent proposition that I have ever seen
debated to this extent. Let us vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This matter is
not the subject of debate. The Senator from
Kansas insists on the regular order, and the
question of laying the resolution on the table
will go over until to-morrow morning, tho yeas
and nays having been ordered upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote now on that resolution. I do
not think there will be any further debate.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the vote will be
taken on that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any vote on
the motion to lay qn the table ; but if we can
take a vote directly on the passage of the res-
olution I will agree to that.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; let us vote on
that question.
Mr. POMEROY. If Senators will agree to
vote directly on the resolution I will withdraw
the call for the regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. The vote to lay on the
table, I apprehend, will be pretty decisive and
settle the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all; a vote to
lay on the table settles nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is laid on the table
it can be called up hereafter at ,any time by
any Senator.
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to withdraw the motion to lay on
the table, so that we may take a direct vote
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will withdraw my motion
if the Senate will agree to vote on the main
proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can vote directly
on the proposition I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion to lay
on the table; The Senator from Maine asks
unanimous consent to withdraw the motion.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is to be a vote
taken on the resolution I wish the question
of my amendment disposed of first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That vote will
have to be first taken. The proposition of the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Michigan is that the vote be taken on the
amendment of the Senator from California and
the resolution without further debate. Is there
objection to that proposition?, ["Nol" "Nol"]
The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
The first question is on the amendment of the
Senator from California, which will again be
reported.
