1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
tee on Invalid Pensions; that the committee
should see him and we would see if something
could not be done for him. He came here
from time to time, and from that day to this
his case has been hanging on here.
That this man was on the field of battle no
one can doubt who looks in his frank, honest
face and hears him tell his story. In what
capacity? As a teamster; he was riding a
mule that was drawing commissary stores when
a cannon ball came along and shattered both
his legs. He was taken to the hospital, and
both legs were amputated and he was turned out
on the cold charity of the world. This is an
exceptional case, and if it were not it would be
provided for in the general law. And yet the
committee report that this Government can
afford to accept his services, let him ride its
mules and carry supplies into the battle-field and
lo.-.ii his legs, and then turn him adrift forever
a beggar. Now is that the justice of the Amer-
ican Government? I imagine not, and I shall
ask a vote of the House upon this bill after it
shall have heard read the affidavit of his daugh-
ter, and other affidavits which are on file in the
case. Now, suppose that it is true, as it is,
that under the laws of the United States at that
lime this Gordon could not have been mustered
into the service of the United States. That is
true; but it is not denied, as I undej^tand it,
that he rendered this service, and in doing so lost
his legs. It is proved by the affidavits that he
was an able-bodied, sound man when he volun-
teered to do the best he could for his country.
And if your laws would have permitted him to
put his name onyour muster-rolls he would have
done so, and then he would have had the benefit
of the little pension which is awarded to those
who have lost limbs in the service of their
country.
I have stated the plain, simple facts iu this
case. The interest I take in it is because I
believe that a man, be he black or white, who
does the best he can under the circumstances,
is entitled to be rewarded for it. Although
you may have placed a barrier in his way by
your statutes beyond which he could not pass,
still this man with patriotic impulses risked his
life in the service of his country, when he knew,
if he knew anything—and I believe all are sup-
posed to know the law—that under the law he
could get nothing. I ask the Clerk to read the
affidavit I send to the Clerk's desk, together
with such other affidavits as may be on file in
the case; and then I shall ask a vote on the
bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will have leave
to make profert of this colored man if he
wishes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House wants it
I will have him here some day. Let the Clerk
read the affidavits.
The Clerk read as follows:
District of Columbia,
County of Washington, ss. ;
In the matter of claim for pension, by special act,
of Jerry Gordon, of Washington, county of Wash-
ington, Districtof Columbia, personally came before
mo, a notary public in and for aforesaid county and
District, Caroline Gordon, of Georgetown, county of
Washington, District of Columbia, who, I hereby
certify, is-a respectable and credible person, and
who, being duly sworn, declares in relation to tho
aforesaid claim as follows:
That she is twenty-three years of age, and resides
in Georgetown, as stated above; that she is the
daughter of Jerry Gordon, who is an applicant to
Congress for a pension; that in the summer of 1862
she was living with her mother on the farm called by
the people Robert HolscIaw\about five miles west
of Warrenton Junction, Virginia; that about three
or four weeks before the second Bull Run battle her
said father, who was living about twenty-one miles
from home with one Elizabeth Simpson, the widow
of Leroy Simpson, in Madison county .Virginia, came
homo on a visit, and when he left told us that ho was
going into the Union Army; that when he left home
as above ho was in sound health, with all his limbs
perfect; that when she saw him next it was at tho
1 recdmen's Tillage with both his feet off, which ho
stated to lier had been taken off at the Kingstreet hos-
pital, Alexandria, Virginia, in consequence of inju-
ries received from a shell exploding near him, and
striking him on tho lefts while in charge of a com-
missary wagon of the United States Army and riding
on one of the mules during the retreat from the sec-
ond Bull Run battle-field; and this is all that she
knows in regard to the case.
her
CAROLINE X GORDON,
mark.
Attest:
J. F. CAULAS',
James JS. Callan.
District op Columbia,
City of Washington, ss. :
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Slates in Congress assembled:
Your petitioner, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says that in the year 18(52 he was living in Madison
county, Virginia; that in tho month of July, of said
year, he was owned by one Elizabeth Simpson, ho
being a person of color and held to slavery by the
laws of said State of Virginia. That in said month
of July he left his mistress and went into the camp
of the Union Army, then stationed at a point five
miles south of Culpepper Court-Uouse, and which he
then understood was tho headquarters of General
Pope. That about ten days after he joined said camp
ho was ordered to labor by driving an Army wagon
under Lieutenant or Captain Carr, whoso first name
and rank your petitioner does not know. That he
was engaged in hauling between Culpepper and Lees-
burg for about two weeks, when he was ordered to
Manassas, and continued to drive team under Carr,
as aforesaid, until tho second battlo of Bull Run,
when, as he was with his team and seated on his wheel
mule, a shell from the enemy struck and exploded
near his team, a piece of which struck his right foot
! lacerating it about the ankle very severely, throwing
' his team down, killing the mule upon which he was
i seated, and he fell under it, by whichhe was wounded
in tho left foot byits being erushed. Your petitioner
further shows that he was left on the field until the
next day at about twelve o'clock, when he was taken
with others to a United States hospital at Fairfax
i Court-House, in Virginia, where he was kept as he
now thinks about two weeks, when he was sent to
Alexandria, and while there his fcetwero both taken
j off above the ankle at tho King street hospital. For
these reasons, your petitioner respectfully prays
that you will by special act direct tho Commissioner
of Pensions, through tho honorable Secretary of the
! Interior, to issue to him a pension certificate at the
; rate of eight dollars per month, from March 1, 1863.
i to Juno 6,1S66, and from June 6,1866, at tho rate of
j twenty-five dollars per month, to continue during
the term of his natural life, and your petitioner as
! in duty bound will ever pray, &«.
i his
JERRY X GORDON,
mark.
Attest:
J. F. Callan,
J. N. Callan.
Subscribed and sworn before me this 1st day of
May, 1868.
JOHN F. CALLAN,
Notary Public.
[l. s.]
The SPEAKER. The bill will now be read;
after which the question will be upon concur-
ring in the report of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to discharge the committee from the
further consideration of the bill, and to lay the
same on the table.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pensionlaw, the name of Jerry Gordon, and
to,pay him a pension of eight dollars per month
from August 30, 1862, to June 6, 1866, and
twenty-five dollars per month from June 6,
1866, for and during the continuance of his
natural life, said Gordon having lost both legs
by reason,of wounds received while in the ser-
vice of the United States, as a teamster at the
second battle of Bull Run, in Virginia.
The question was upon concurring in the
report of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire the House to
understand this question before the vote is
taken upon it; I can very well appreciate the
zeal of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soll] in endeavoring to get this hill through
the House; and after learning the facts, and
understanding the principles which the pas-
sage of this bill will establish, if the House
then chooses to pass thi3 bill, of course it wiH
do so. I am very familiar with this matter.
It was brought before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions by the gentleman from Illinois, {Mr.
Ingersoll,] as a friend of this party, during
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. We investigated it
then. AVe were very anxious to pension this
party if we could; but after full deliberation the
committee were constrained to report against i
granting the prayer of the petitioner. It came '
again, at the suggestion of the gentleman from
. Illinois, before the Fortieth Congress, and was
fully considered by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions of that Congress, a committee very
liberal in the granting of pensions. We often
saw the party whom the gentleman from Illi-
nois has described. We had profert of him
then, as we have had every session since I have
been a member of this House. His case ap-
peals strongly to the sympathy of every gentle-
man. But after it was considered in the For-
tieth Congress by a liberal committee, as I have
stated, we felt compelled to vote against grant-
ing the prayer of the petitioner. The case has
again come before this House during the pres-
ent Congress in the same manner. We have
again considered the case, and the committee
unanimously report against the application.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to a
question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Is there any doubt as to the
facts in this case, as alleged by the gentleman
from Illinois?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have nothing as to
the facts of the case except what is stated by
the petitioner himself.
Mr. WOOD. Has the gentleman any doubt
as to the facts?
_Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt that
this negro man lost his limbs'; I have no doubt
about that.
Mr. _ WOOD. Then I hope the House will
vote him this pension.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope so, too.
Mr. POTTER. Idesiretoaskthegentleman
whether there is any provision of existing lav/
under which this man could receive a pension ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir. I will state that
we make no distinction between this party and
a white man who might be similarly situated.
If the skin of this applicant had been white
the committee would have reported against the
application in the same way as they have re-
ported against it in this case. The general law
does not place teamsters upon the pension-roll.
It does not place upon the pension-roll any
of the employes of the Government in the quar-
termaster s department or elsewhere. Why ?
Because they hired themselves out for a com-
pensation largely in excess of the pay which the
soldiers received, and in very many instances
did so to avoid military service.
I will state what I understand to be about
the position of this case. In 1861 and 1802, as we
all know, a great many persons who had been
slaves, and were then fugitives, were hanging on
to the Army, getting their living there by service
in some capacity or other. In some instances
they were employed by the quartermaster's
department as teamsters. In a great many
cases they were employed as the servants of
officers. They were paid such wages as were
agreed upon between the quartermaster or the
officers employing them, and the parties em-
ployed. It was in many instances impossible
for the Army to rid itself of these persons, who
were required to be clothed and fed. I sup-
pose that this party was one of that class; and
very likely while so serving he lost his legs, and
in the manner stated.
The placing of this party upon the pension-
roll will necessitate the pensioning of a very
large number of persons, for the number of
whites and blacks who served with the Army
iu th<J_ capacity of teamsters and in other capa-
cities is very considerable. We think that the
pension laws have been extended as far in that
direction as good policy demands that we should
extend them. In all these cases the facts con-
nected with the servioe and the occurrence of
the death or disability depend, as in this case,
upon the statement of the individual himself.
Petitions l^ave come to us in very large num-
bers from other persons who are in some in-
stances as necessitous as the applicant in this
case, and have suffered as much as this peti-
tioner. We have always since the commence-
ment of the war been compelled to report
