680
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 8,
41st Cohg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to the address of the pensioner named in such
voucher, who, on or after the fourth day of
March, June, September, and December next
succeeding the date of such voucher, may exe-
cute and return the same to the agency at which
it was prepared, and at which the pension of
such person is due and payable.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That upon
the receipt of such voucher, properly executed,
and the identity of the pensioner being estab-
lished and proven in the manner prescribed by
the Secretary of the Interior, the agent forthe
payment of pensions shall immediately draw
his check on the proper Assistant Treasurer or
designated depositary of the United States for
the amosnt due such pensioner, payable to his
or her order, and transmit the same by mail,
directed to the address of the pensioner enti-
tled thereto; but any pensioner may be required,
if thought proper by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, to appear personally and receive his
pension.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That here-
after no pension shall be paid to any person
other than the pensioner entitled thereto, nor
otherwise than according to the provisions of
this act, and no warrant, power of attorney,
or other paper executed or purporting to be
executed by any pensioner to any attorney,
claim agent, broker or oilier person, shall be
recognized by any agent for the payment of
pensions, nor shall any pension be paid there-
on: Provided, That payment to persons labor-
ing under legal disabilities maybe made to the
guardians of such personsin the manner herein
prescribed: And provided further, Thai pen-
sions payable to persons in foreign countries
may be made according to the provisions of
existing laws.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That in
addition to the compensation now allowed by
law, each pension agent shall be allowed, as
full compensation for all service, including
postage required by the provisions of this act,
the sum ot thirty cents, and no more, for each
voucher prepared and paid by him, which
amount shall bo paid by the United States.
And any pension agent or other person em-
ployed or appointed by him who shall take, or
receive, or demand any fee or reward from auy
pensioner for any service in connection with
tho payment of his or her pension shall be held
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding live hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior shall cause suitable
blanks for the vouchers mentioned in the first
section of this act to be printed and distributed
to the agents fur the payment of pensions,
upon which he shall cause a note to be printed
informing pensioners of the fact that hereafter
no pension will be paid except upon the vouch-
ers issued as herein directed; and lie shall also
give all necessary instructions and make all
needful regulations for carrying this act into
effect.
Sec. 0. Andbe it further enacted, That agents
for the payment of pensions, and any clerks
appointed by them and designated in writing
for that purpose, which designation shall be
returned to and filed in the office of the Com-
missioner ot Pensions, are hereby authorized
and required, without any fee therefor, to take
and certify the affidavits of all pensioners and
their witnesses who may personally appear be-
fore them for that purpose, in which cise the
check lor tho pension, when due and payable,
shall be given direct to the hand of the party
entitled thereto, if desired, and not mailed to
his or her address as required by the second
section of this act; and any person who shall
falsely and corruptly take and subscribe any
such affidavit before any agent or his desig-
nated clerk for the payment of pensions, shall
be deemed guilty of perjury, and on conviction
be punished by imprisonment not exceeding
five years and by fine not exceeding one thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
fee of agents and attorneys for the preparation
and prosecution of a claim for pension or
bounty land, under any or all of the various
acts of Congress granting the same, shall not
exceed in any case the sum of twenty-five dol-
lars. It shall be the d uty of the agent or attor-
ney of record in the prosecution of the case to
cause to be filed with the Commissioner of
Pensions, for his approval, duplicate articles
of agreement, without additional cost to the
claimant, setting forth the fee agreed upon by
the parties, and which agreement shall be exe-
cuted in presence of and certified by some
officer competent to administer oaths. In all
eases where application is' made for pension
or bounty land, and no agreement is filed with
and approved by the Commissioner as herein
provided, the fee shall be ten dollars and no
more.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That any
agent or attorney who shall directly or indirectly
contract for, demand, receive, or retain any
greater compensation for his services as such
agent or attorney, in any claim for pension or
bounty land than is prescribed or allowed under
the provisions of the preceding section, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and. upon
conviction thereof, shall, for every such offense,
be lined not exceeding five hundred dollars, or
imprisoned at hard labor not exceeding five
years, or both, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Pensions .shall forward the
certificate of pension, granted in any case, to
the agent for paying pensions where said cer-
tificate shall be made payable, and at the same
time forward therewith one of the articles of
agreement filed in the case and approved by
the Commissioner, setting forth the fee agreed
upon between theclaimautanu the attorney or
agent, and where no agreement is on file, as
hereinbefore provided, he shall direct that a
fee often dollars only be paid said agent or
attorney.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the agent paying such pen-
sion to deduct from the amount due the pen-
sioner the amount of fee so agreed upon or
directed by the Commissioner to be paid where
no agreement is filed and approved, and to for-
ward or cause to be forwarded to the agent or
attorney of record named in the said agree-
ment, or, incase there is no agreement, to the
agent prosecuting the case, the amount of the
proper fee, deducting therefrom the sum of
thirty cents in payment of his services in for-
warding the same.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts in conflict with the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
teller,clerk,or agent ofany banking association,
whether organized under the aforesaid act or
under the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof," approved
February twenty-five, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXVII.—An Act authorizing the
Allowance of the Claim of the State of Min-
nesota to Lands for the support of a State
University.
Be it enacted by the Senate and. House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
the General Land Office be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed, in adjusting the claim
of the State of Minnesota to lands forthe sup-
port of a State university, to approve and cer-
tify selections of land, made by the Governor
of said State, to tho full amount of seventy two
sections mentioned in the act of Congress ap-
proved February twenty-sixth, eighteen hun-
dred [and] fifty-seven, without taking into the
account the lands that were reserved at the
time of the admission of the State into the
Union, and donated to said State by the act
of Congress approved March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty one.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXVI.— An Act to declare the con-
struction of section fifty-five ofan Act entitled
"An Act to provide a National Currency
secured by a Pledge of United States l>onds,
and to provide for the Circulation and Re-
demption thereof," approved June three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and the
Acts amendatory thereof, and to amend the
same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That section fifty-five of
the act entitled " An act to provide a notional
currency secured by a pledge of UnitedStatos
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June three,
eighteen hundred and sixty four, and all acts
amendatory of said section, shall bo construed
to apply to every president, director, cashier,
Chap. CCXXVII1.—-An Act to provide for the
Paving of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, l hat the Secretary of the
Interior, jjrevet Brigadier General N. Michler,
engineer m charge of public buildings and
grounds, and tho mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, or their successors in office, be, and
they are hereby, appointed a commission to
select and determine the best kind of pave-
meutto beused in pavingpeunsylvauiaavonue,
j and to have said thoroughfare paved therewith
from the norlhwestgate of the Capitol grounds
to the crossmgof Fifteenth street west, ashcre-
inafter provided.
Sec. "J. A/u! be it further enactedThat
within ten days after the passage of this act.
the commissioners named heiem shall meet
and organize by the election of a presidentand
| seerotaiy, from among their number, and shall
, proceed to perform the duties herein devolved
| upon them ; and within thirty days after they
j shall have determined upon the pavement to
j be used, they s'lall contract for the paving of
j said avenue between tho points named, on the
lowest and most favorable terms possible, after
having caused notice of the letting thereof to
be given in one or more newspapers published
in Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and
New York, for twenty days prior to the letting,
giving the time and place of such letting, and
kind of pavement, requiring the paving to be
done in the best and most substantial manner,
and without unnecessary delay; and that a
good atid sufficient bond, with sureties, to bo
approved by the chief justice of the supreme
court of tiie JL>ibtncc of Columbia [shall be
exacted,] guaiaritying that the terms of such
contract shall be strictly and faithfully observed.
Sec. 3. And be it jurther enacted, That the
cost of laying down said pavement shall be
borne ami paid for in the following proportions
and maimer : by the Washington and George
town Railroad Company for that poition of
the work lying between tile tracks of their roact
and for a distance of two feec on each side
thereof; by the owners of private property
lying and abutting on said Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and in proportion to their frontage thereon,
for that portion of the woik in front of their
lots or parts of lots from the curb line of said
