4526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
What does the bill propose? To take the
island from the Government of the United
States? Not at all. It proposes to reserve to
the Government the unobstructed use of the
island for military purposes. It is not to be
sold. I agree that it ought not to be sold, to
be parceled out in lots for the building of a
city, or anything of that kind. The Govern-
ment is to retain the possession of the island
for military purposes. Now, let me ask, will
the occupation of one half of this island iu the
manner proposed in this bill injure it for mil-
itary purposes? On the contrary, I declare
that it will greatly benefit it. The one half
reserved to the Government is abundantly suf-
ficient for its purposes. Will a railroad, com-
ing in conveniently from the east upon this
island, well situated for commerce and for the
business of San Francisco, so that munitions
of war, troops, &c., can be delivered whenever
necessary, harm the island as a military res-
ervation? I maintain that the purposes of the
Government will be largely facilitated, and be-
sides that, for such purposes, the Government
can resume the possession of the island when-
ever it may choose. It is upon this ground
that we advocate this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman know any reasonable objection to insert-
ing in the bill a provision lhat there shall be
assessed and paid some reasonable compensa-
tion for what we propose to give this corpor-
ation ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let the
property be put up at auction.
Mr. BLAIR. I was just saying that 1 am
opposed to the sale of the island, as I should
be in the case supposed by the gentleman from
Wisconsin—the sale of Governor's Island, in
New York bay. I would not sell a foot of any
such property for any purpose that might stand
in the way of its occupation for the purposes
for which the Government of the United States
may need it. It is only because this bill is
entirely in accordance with those objects, and
will not interfere with them in the least, that I
am in favor of this grant.
The grant is not for the benefit of this road
alone. It is for the henefitof all railroads that
may come into San Francisco from the East.
All of them will be entitled to make connec-
tions with this road and to have ageneral depot
upon the island. By this measure large ex-
pense will be saved to travelers in that locality,
and commerce will be exempted from a bur-
densome taxation which would otherwise be
levied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The question is. "Shall
this bill pass?"
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] allow
me to offer an amendment providing that a
reasonable price shall be assessed to be paid
for this island by the railroad compauy?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at this stage of the bill, the main question hav-
ing been ordered on the passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nnys
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 82, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Axtell, Ayt-r, Bai-
ley, Barry. Beaman, lSenjamin, Bennett, Blnir, Boles
Booker, Boyd. Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin
]?. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L.
Cobb, Censer, Cowles, Dpwes, Dixon, Dyer, Fams-
worth, Ferriss, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Hamilton,
Harris, Hays, Ilonr, Hooper, Hatchkiss, Jenckes,
Johnson, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketch am, Kn^pp,
Lafiin. Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, MeKen-
zie, Jesse H. Moore, Negley, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Rogers, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Trimble, Tvvichell. Van Horn,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene At. Wilson—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Butiin-
ton, Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conner, Cox, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley,
Duval, Ela, Eldridgo, Furry, Fox, Garfield. Get.?., Gif-
lillan, (iriswold. llaight, Haldeman, Ilambleton,
Iiamill, Hawkins. Hay, lEoiman. Thomas L.Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham,
McCormiek, McCrary, MoNeely, Mercur, William
Moore,Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Phelps, Potter, Heave*?,
Schamaker, Seofield, Shanks, John A. Smith, Wil-
liam J. JSmith, Stiles, Strader, Strong, Swann, Swee-
ney, Tyncr, Upson, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn. William B. Washburn, Wolkor,
Wells, John X. Wilson, Wiuans, Winchester, and
Y/itchei—S2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arncll, Atwood,
Banks, Barnum, Bingham, Bowen.Georgo M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Clevoland, Covodc, Crebs, Davis,
Degener, Dickey. Dockery, Dox, Finkelnburg, Halo,
Hawley, lleaton, lleflin. Hill, Uogo, Ingersoll,
Alexander 11. Jones, Judd, KeUey. Lougiiridge,
Lyncb, MeGrew, McKee, Hilncs, KUa,kiiu H. Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen,
Myers. Ncwsham, O'Neill, Peters, Prosser, llandall,
liico, llidgway, Santo rd, Schenck, Sheirod, Shober,
Sloeum. Worthington C. Smith, Stovens, Stevenson.
Stone, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Voorhoes,
Wallace. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Wood, and
W oodward—fiS.
So the House refused to pass the bill.
During the vote,
Mr. DOX stated that he was paired with
Mr. Crebs, who would vote "no," while he
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. FINKELNBURG stated that he was
paired with Mr. Kelley, who would vote for
the bill, while he would vote against it.
Mr. ATWOOD stated that he was paired
with Mr. Banks, who would vote against the
bill, while he would vote for it.
Mr. DICKEY stated that he was paired with
his colleague, [Mr. Covode,] who would vote
in the affirmative, while he would voto in the
negative.
Mr. ARNELL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Morrell, of Pennsylvania, who would
vote for the bill, while he would vote against it.
Mr. McGREW stated thathe was paired with
Mr. Cake, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. CESSNA stated that he was paired with
Mr. Ames, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. POTTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wood, who was detained at home by illness iti
his family, if present would vote against the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to apoint of order.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn]
has just voted. I believe he was not in his
seat when the last name was called.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman in his
seat before the last name of the roll was
called ?
Mr. CO BURN. I was.
Mr. JOHNSON. He was not in when his
name was called, and he was not in when the
last name was called. He says so himself.
The SPEAKER. If lie went out and came
in again before the last name of the roll was
called that is sufficient.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was rejected.
Mr. AMBLEll. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from New York cannot move to reconsider, as
! lie did not, vote with the majority.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New I
! York did not vote with the majority, and is
| therefore not entitled to make the motion to
I reconsider.
| stanley's ctlromos.
i Mr. SCIIENCK, by unauimousconsent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed cliromos, with the
recommendation that it do pass. It provides
that certain printed chromos of Indian paint-
ings belongingto John M.Stanley, not exceed-
ing twenty thousand copies, shall be admitted
free of duty, uuder such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe ;
but the permit so granted to John M. Stanley
is to be in full settlement of all claim agains
the United States for the destruction by fire of
certain Indian paintings belonging to him in
January, 1864, at the time of the burning of
the building of the Smithsonian Institution, iu
the city of Washington.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend the passage of the Sen-
ate joint resolution without amendment, and,
if desired, I will explain in a very few words tiie
object of the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. It is all right. Let us have
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; ana uuder the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading ; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordell of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at half past one o'clock; and this being
private bill day, reports of a private nature are
in order from committees, beginning with the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask that the time be-
tween this and two o'clock, when the business
of the Committee for the District of Columbia
comes up, shall not be counted as part of the
time to which the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions is entitled.
The SPEAKER.. The chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions asks that the
half hour before two o'clock may be given to
the committee, and not counted in the two
hours to which they are entitled. Is there
objection to their occupying the half hour with
that understanding?
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before proceeding with
the business of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, I yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
harriett a. jiidcieway.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, presented the memorial of Har-
riett A. Iiidgeway, in relation to the Ridgeway
revolving battery, invented by her late hus-
band, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
mary a. filler.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 809)
granting a pension to Mary A. Filler.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary A.
Filler, foster-mother of Henry Drenning, late
a private in company K, of the fifty-fifth regi-
ment of Pennsylvania volunteers, upon the
pension-roll, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month from the 4th
of March, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the hill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adyers13 reports.
Mr. SWEENEY, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petitions;
and the same were severally laid on the table:
Petition of Patrick Ryan, private company
F, fifth Rhode Island volunteers ;
