3582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IS,
very soon be the means of overthrowing and
destroying a great "barbarism."
The arm of this Government is strong enough
to enforce any proper law, and I hold it to be
not only its right, but its duty in this case, to
put forth its strength. This heathen "bar-
barism" cannot continue without involving
lliis nation in guilt and disgrace. This band
of desperadoes cannot much longer despise
and trample upon our laws and outrage the
rights and moral sense of our people. An
overwhelming, indignant public opinion will
find some way to reach them and reduce them
to legal subjection, or drive them from the
scenes of their impieties and crimes. I invoke
the irresistible power of the press, the batter-
ing ram of public opinion, and all the moral
influences of a civilized people against this
barbarism.
The " Gentile" elementis gradually increas-
ing, and will soon be able to aid the courts in
the execution of law in that Territory, and will
in other respects be a power there. This ele-
ment will increase more rapidly now that the
Pacific railroad is completed, and I hope for a
peaceful victory over this tyrannical monarchy
from this source. I have great faith, since the
" iron horse " has taken water from the "Jor-
dan river," that Brigham Young will find a
power in Utah which he cannot frighten by his
impious "revelations," or in any way control,
wheedle, or corrupt. When the tide of civiliza-
tion shall fairly throw its waves over the Rocky
mountai ns,and from beyond the Sierra Nevadas,
bis kingly power, wicked rule, and blasphemous
career will come to an end. When miners and
other emigrants, not Mormons, shall flock to
that Territory and make it their home the
loathsome and festering monster of polygamous
Mormonism will perish and be buried out of
sight.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Patter-
Son in the chair.) By the unanimous under-
standing of the Senate it was understood that
no vote would be taken this evening. This
bill, therefore, will be restored to its place on
the Calendar, and the bill for the enforcement
of the fifteenth amendment will take its place
before the Senate.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator from New
Hampshire suggests that this bill be restored
to its place on the Calendar, and I make that
motion.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggested that the other
bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth amend-
ment be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has al-
ready been stated that this bill will be restored
to its place on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. And the bill for the enforce-
ment of the fifteenth amendment be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was so
stated. The question is on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 18, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by J. Y. Ashton, D. D., of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOT SPRINGS RESERVATION, ARKANSAS.
Mr. KNOTT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 95) "in rela-
tion to the Ilot Springs reservation, in Arkansas,"
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House, and do agree to the
game with the following amendments :
Section one, line four, after "institute" insert
"against the United States."
Section one, line five, strike out from the word
"final''to the word "any."
Line five, after the word "final" insert the word
"decision."
Line six, strike out the words " and establish.
Line seven, strike out "suits" and in lieu thereof
insert "suit."
Section two, line four, strike out the words "as
near as may be."
Strike out all from the word " States" in the sixth
line to the word " and " in the seventh line.
Line nine, striko out" such " and in lieu thereof
insert "the."
Line nine, strike out the word "usually."
Line nine, after the word " equity "insert the words
"so far."
Section three, line one, strike out the words " pro-
cess in " and in lieu thereof insert the words "notice
of."
Line three, after the word "thereof" insert the
words "with a copy of the petition."
Section four: strike out all of section four.
Section six, strike out all from the word " shall" in
the second line to the word " the" before "United" i
in the fourth line.
Section six, line two, after " shall" insert the words
" decide in favor of."
Section six, strike out all from the word " shall"
in the eighteenth line to and including: the word
" lands " in the nineteenth line and in lieu thereof
insert the words " decide in favor of any claimant."
At the end of line twenty-seven and beginning of
line twenty-eight strike out the word " approval"
and in lieu thereof insert the word " appeal."
Line thirty, after the word " appeal insert the
words "in the same manner and with the same effect
as in cases of appeal in equity causes from the cir-
cuit courts of the United States."
And that the Honse agree to the same.
J. PROCTOR KNOTT.
A. A. C. ROGERS,
ttODLOVE S. ORTH
Managers on the part of the House.
B. P. RICE,
<3. F. EDMUNDS.
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. KNOTT called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OP PUBLIC GROUNDS.
Mr. PROSSER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at the present
time a joint resolution to create a board to
prepare plans for the improving of the public
grounds, canal, and river front.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIE3.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Under the in-
structions of the Committee on Military Affairs,
I ask unanimous consent to report and put on
its passage at the present time the bill (H. R.
No. 1910) to equalize bounties of soldiers who
served in the late war for the Union.
The bill was partly read for information;
when
Mr. DAWES objected.
SETTLERS ON THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill (H. R. No. 2049) for the protection of set-
tlers on the public lands of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OP UPPER MISSISSIPPI
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this House with a copy of the report of
Major Stickney and Franklin Cook, engineers, in
regard to the survey of the upper Mississippi river.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, Thatthere bo printed for the use of the
House two thousand copies extra of House bill No.
2045, amending the internal revenuelaws, fifty copies
of which shall bo for tho use of the Committee ot
Wnja and Means.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of
sundry citizens of Tennessee of all political
disabilities ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, ALABAMA.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2051) to provide for a
terra of the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Alabama, to be liolden at
Huntsville, in said district; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MEMORIAL OFWORKINGMEN OP PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to present and have printed in the Globe a
memorial of the workingmen of Pittsburg,
irrespective of party.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is it
about?
Mr. NEGLEY. It is a memorial to the
Congress of the United States expressing their
views, addressed irrespective of parties. It is
perfectly proper.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is it
about?
Mr. NEGLEY. It is in reference to indus-
Ikia] inforoota
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will examine
it before I give my consent.
Subsequently objection was withdrawn, and
the memorial was received and ordered to be
printed in the Globe, as follows:
To the Honorable Senators and Representatives of the
people of the United States, in Congress assembled :
Gentlemen : The undersigned, deputed by the iron-
workers of the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and
vicinity, to visit Congress for the purpose of pleading
againstthe reduction of the tariff upon iron, beg leave
to present to yourhonorable bodies,the incentive that
induced our advent here, together with the interests
involved.
The gradual decline in iron during the last year,
and as a natural consequence a corresponding reduc-
tion in our wages, have admonished us, and with us
our fellow-workers, the necessity of arousing and
exerting ourselves in defense of the great fraternity
of labor, that fraternity through which the produc-
tion of our national wealth is only guarantied, and
upon whom the maintenance of the honor of our
nation in time of peril can only be relied.
Upon a consideration of the present condition of
the iron trade, viewed by the light of aM the intelli-
gence we can command, we are led to the conclusion
that our employers, under existing circumstances,
are realizing scarcely, certainly not more than a fair
and reasonable profit upon the iron manufactured,
and with a positive realized knowledge that the
wages now paid us are scarcely more than adequate
to defray the necessary expenditures of our families,
to say nothing of our natural desires to afford our
children the best means of education. Contemplating,
too, the probability, nay, the inevitable certainty, of
a still further reduction in our wages, brought about
by foreign competition through a reduction of the
present duties upon foreign iron, we are constrained
to raise our voices in opposition, praying Congress
to protect above everything else American labor, and
thereby the American people; for labor, by virtue of
its numbers, constitutes the people.
To that end we were delegated to come to Wash-
ington city; but finding that members of Congress are
too busily engaged in their respective duties to give
us the hearing personally that we desired, and the
expenses of living here being too exorbitant to allow
us to remaim any length of time, we are compelled
to return to our homes, and in lieu thereof adopt this
method of presenting our cause.
To enter at length upon an argument in favor of a
protective tariff we deem at this time unnecessary,
inasmuch as tho representatives of that interest in
Congress have already presented the subject in such
a light that our efforts, perhaps, would only darken,
with an ability also truly exhaustive, and, in our
judgment, invulnerable.
What we ask is that the iron interests of our coun-
try shall not bo placed in jeopardy by any interven-
ing act of Congress, but on the contrary that you will
extend sueh aid by congressional enactments as will
continue to infuse vigor, activity, and prosperity.
Should the foreign manufacturer desire to enter into
competition in our market hero with our home pro -
ducers, let them pay for that privilege in the shape
of a duty upon their products, which will not only bo
a source from whence our national Treasury will re-
ceive supplies, but will also be effective in reducing
the price of iron to the consumer by virtue of a,
healthy competition.
Since arriving here we have frequently been met
with the assertion that during the last lew years our
employers have roalized immense fortunes, anu that
there is no justice in a demand that will, they say,
continue to render fabulous profits.
