1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
Laivs of the United J$taies,
41st Cons....2d
avenue to the line two feet from the track of
the railroad aforesaid ; by the corporation of
Washington for the intersections of all streets
and avenues and opposite to all public parks
lying and abutting on said avenue, except such
portions of the intersections lying between the '
tracks of the Washington and Georgetown Rail- !
road Company, and two feet on each side J
thereof, which will be paid by said company j
as hereinbefore provided. The said railroad !
company shall have the right to construct that ;
portion of the pavement which it is required
to pay for under the direction of said commis-
sioners, and if said railroad company shall not
construct that portion of said work with the
same material, except between the rails and
between the tracks, and in as satisfactory a
manner, and as rapidly as the residue of said
work shall be constructed, then the same shall
be constructed under the direction of said com-
missioners in the same manner as the other
portion of said work. The said railroad com-
pany shall have the right to select the material
with which the pavement between the rails and
between the tracks shall be made: Provided,
That the said pavement on said tracks shall be
made to the satisfaction of the commissioners.
The lessees of Market square between Seventh
and Ninth streets shall pay for that portion of the
pavement between said square and the line two
ieet from the railroad track aforesaid. The por-
tion of the pavement lying between the Botanic
Gardens and a line two feet outside of the track
of the railroad company shall be paid for by the
United States Government: Provided, That the
cost of laying such pavement shall not exceed
the sum of four dollar? per square yard.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
assessment contemplated in the foregoing sec-
tion shall be made by the commission above
authorized, and the sums so found due shali
be collected' and held, but as a special fund,
by the collector of Washington, in accordance
with existing laws; and the moneys so collected
and held shall be paid by him to the contractors
for the work above authorized on the warrant or
order of the said commission, in such amounts
and at such times as they may deem safe and
proper in view of the progress of the woik.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That
if the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, or any private citizen, or other cor-
poration or person, shall neglect or refuse to
pay the amount assessed for the paving herem
authorized (within thirty days alter the notifi-
cation of such assessment shall have been left
at the property assessed) in front of or adjoin-
ing their property, when the work so fronting
or adjoining their property shall have been
completed to the satisfaction of the commission
and assessed by them, the said commission
shall issue certificates of indebtedness against
the property, which certificates shall bear inter-
est at the rate of ten per centum per annum
until paid, and which, until they are paid, shall
remain and be a lien upon the property on oi
against which they are issued. And if the said
certificates are not paid within one year, the
said commission .shall, upon the application
of the holder thereof, proceed to sell the prop-
erty against which they are issued, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to pay said tax,
such sales to be first duly advertised, dailj, for
three successive weeks, in some newspaper
published in the city of Washington, and to be
made at public auction to the highest bidder;
and a deed given by the commission in pursu-
ance hereof shali be deemed and held to be a
good and perfect title to any property bought
at such sale hereb3r authorized: Provided, lhat
the owner oi said real estate shalt ha^e tue
ri'jht to redeem the property sold by paying
the amount of purchase money and twenty per
centum on the amount of the said purchase
within one year from the date of the sale.
Apphovud, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXIX.—An Act providing for Re-
funding the Interest paid by the State of
Massachusetts on Money expended by her
on account of the War of eighteen hundred
and twelve to eighteen hundred and fifteen.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be allowed on
the claim of the State of Massachusetts, for
interest paid by her on money expended by
said State on account of the war with Great
Britain in eighteen hundred and twelve to
eighteen hundred and fifteen, the sum of six
hundred and seventy-eight thousand three hun-
dred and sixty-two dollars and forty-one cents,
in full of said claim; and whereas by an
arrangement made by the said State of Massa-
chusetts and the State of Maine, at the time
of their separation, in eighteen hundred and
twenty, the said State of Maine becomes the
owner of one third of this claim ; and whereas
both of said States have assigned their respect-
ive interests in said claim to the European and
North American Railway Company of Maine,
to aid said company in constructing its line of
railway, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to pay one third part
of the said claim of six hundred and seventy-
eight thousand three hundred and sixty-two
dollars and forty-one cents to the State of
Maine, and the other two thirds part thereof
to the State of Massachusetts, by an i.isue to
each of said States fof the use and benefit of
said European and North American Railway
Company, of an amount of United States cer-
tificates of indebtedness equal to its share in
the whole sunt allowed and to be paid; said
certificates to be of the denomination of one
thousand dollars each, to be made and issued
by the Secretary of the Treasury in such form,
and signed, attested, and registered as he shall
direct, and with or without interest warrants
as he may prefer. Each certificate to run five
years from its date, to draw interest, payable
semi-annually, at the rate of four per centum
per annum, and to be payable, botli principal
and interest, in lawful money of the United
States, to be hereafter appropriated and pro-
vided for by Congress.
Sue. 2. And, be it farther enacted, That the
acceptance by the said States of Massachusetts
and Maine and the said European and North
American Railway Company of (lie amount
hereby authorized to be paid to each of said
States for the use and benefit of said railway
company shall be held and regarded as a full
adjustment and payment of any and all claims
for interest as aforesaid, and aUo a complete
adjustment, liquidation, and payment of any
and all other claims of the said States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine, and of said railway com-
pany, or either of them, against the United
States for and on account of any matters aris-
ing froin any money expended by said State
of"Mas-aehusetts on account of the war with
Great Britain, in eighteen hundred and tyrelve
to eighteen hundred and fifteen, or any inter-
est thereon, or on account of any matters aris-
ing out of or accruing from tiie treaty with
Great Britain known as the treaty of Washing-
ton, or for or on account of any other matters
which have been assigned by said _ States of
Massachusetts and Maine to said railway com-
pany.
altkovui),
July 8, 1870.
| Chap. CCXXX.— An Act to revise, consol-
] i.late, and amend the Statutes relating to
I Patents and Copyrights.
: Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,! hat there shall be attached
to tiic Department of the Interior the office,
heretofore established, known as the Patent
Office, wherein all records, books, models,
drawings, specifications, and other papers and
things pertaining to patents shall be safely kept
and preserved.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, TJiat the
officers and employes of said office shall con-
tinue to be: one Commissioner of Patents, one
assistant commissioner, and three examiners-
in chief, to be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of tho Senate;
one chief clerk, one examiner in charge of
interferences, twenty two principal examiners,
twenty-two first assistant examiners, twenty-
two second assistant examiners, one librarian,
one machinist, five clerks of class four, six
clerks of class three, fifty clerks of class two,
forty-five clerks of class one, and one messen-
ger and .purchasing clerk, all of whom shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior,
upon nomination of the Commissioner of
Patents.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior may also appoint,
upon like nomination, such additional clerks
of classes two and one, and of lower grades,
copyists of drawings, female copyists, skilled
laborers, and watch men, as may be from time
to time appropriated for by Congress.
Sec. 4. And be it fn.rt.her enacted, That the
annual salaries of the officers and employes of
the Patent Office shall be  s follows:
Of the Commissioner of Patents, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Of the assistant commissioner, three thou-
sand dollars.
Of the examiners-in-chief, three thousand
dollars each.
Of the chief clerk, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Of the examiner in charge of interferences,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
Of the principal examiners, two thousand
five hundred dollars each.
Or the first assistant examiners, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars each.
Of the second assistant examiners, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars each.
Of the librarian, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
Of the machinist, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
Of the clerks of class four, one thousand
eijjht hundred dollars each.
Of"the clerks of class three, one thousand
six hundred dollars each.
Of the clerks of class two, one thousand
four hundred dollars each.
Of the clerks of class one, one thousand
two hundred dollars each.
Of the messenger and purchasing clerkvone
thousand dollars.
Of laborers and watchmen, seven huudred
and twenty dollars each.
Of the additional clerks, copyists of draw-
ings, female copyists, and skilled laborers,
such rates as may be fixed by the acts making
appropriations for them.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all
officers and employes of the Patent Office shall,
before entering upon their duties, make oath
or affirmation truly and faithfully to execute
the trusts committed to them.
Sec. (!. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner and chief clerk, before entering
upon their duties, shall severally give bond,
with sureties, to the Treasurer of the United
States, the former in the sum of ten thousand
dollars, and the latter in the sum of five thou-
sand dollars, conditioned for the faithful dis-
charge of their duties, and that they will render
to the proper officers of the Treasury a true
account of all money received by virtue of
their office.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, to superintend or perform all the duties
