1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stance that we find this section in the act of
Congress of April last:
"Andbe it further enacted, That the proceedingsm
any of said States shall not be deemed final, or oper-
ate as a complete restoration thereof, until their acts
respectively shall be approved by Congress."
The history of that amendment, as well as
its standing in the act, shows that it was not
intended for such a purpose, nor does it answer
it. No such provision was in the bill as it
came from the Judiciary Committee. It was
added in the Senate, and for a particular rea-
son, to which I call attention. By an amend-
ment in the Senate this previous provision had
been introduced :
" That before the States of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas shall be admitted to representation in
Congress their several Legislatures which may be
here after lawfully organized shall ratify thefifteenth
article which has been proposed by Congress to the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
oftheUnited States."
The addition of that provision, with altera-
tions made in a previous section, gave rise to
the idea that the effect of the act as it then
stood might be to consummate, without the
interposition of Congress again, the restoration
of these States; and therefore this amendment,
introduced by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] without any debate and without
explanation, except that afforded by the trans-
mutation of the bill, was added in order that
the proceedings of these States should not be
deemed final and complete, nor operate ipso
facto as a perfect restoration until their action
should be approved by Congress. I did not
and I do not understand that that section gives
us cognizance of any condition-precedent, any
compliance or non-compliance with terms which
we had not before it was enacted, which we
would not have had without it under any law
which had reserved our declaration as a thing
to be made in order to consummate the res-
toration of the States.
Thus, Mr. President, I have endeavored to
recite the conditions upon the performance of
which we are bound in good faith to restore
the State of Virginia; bound not only by gen-
eral intendment as Senators said on yesterday,
but bound by the express pledge of section five
of the act of 1867, in regard to which Virginia
is not in default; a section which I commenced
by showing was by the United States hindered
and interrupted as to her, because the com-
manding officer of the United States had no
funds wherewith to hold an election, which was
itself an opportunity by which alone Virginia
could come here for recognition. _ I have en-
deavored, on the other hand, to recite the com-
pliance which I conceive has taken place with
every one of these conditions. And finding
the gage of Congress on the one hand, and
the compliance of this State on the other, I
feel myself constrained to comply with the
understanding which has thus become perfect
in morals. .
A few words more and I have done. _ This
debate has given rise to some strange disloca-
tions in the Senate. It has been my fortune
on many occasions heretofore, not only upon
the committees of both Houses in which these
bills have originated, but in the Senate, to find
myself a laggard as compared with other mem-
bers of this body. I have long believed and
often asserted that whether the State of Vir-
ginia or any other lately rebellious State began
a little sooner or a little later to take part in
governing the country was not a paramount
question; but I have been overruled 'in this
body by members who deemed it appropriate
and urgent to make haste in finishing restora-
tion ; and now, when we are brought by our
own conditions, by our own legislation, to a
performance of stipulations on our part I hear
Senators who heretofore in some instances
have been most impatient of delay or con-
sideration entering protests, devising excuses
which I cannot think are tenable, but which
they seek to place in the way of the particular
State we arc now considering.
Mr. President, I fear the moral and the teach-
ing of this debate will "be that some dissatisfac-
tion is felt with the political partisan result in
the' State of Virginia. The election occurred
when the people of that State believed that the
Administration, with its power and its influ-
ence, favored the triumph of the party which
succeeded. The election was held in July,
and had the election at that same time been
held in Texas, Davis, in my belief, would not
have received fifteen thousand votes; Missis-
sippi would have been lost to the Radical
cause by an overwhelming majority, because
at that time the belief was in all these States
that the Administration at Washington sided
with Hamilton in Texas, with Dent in Missis-
sippi, and with Walker in Virginia. In pro-
gress of time that delusion was dispelled, as
other delusions have been dispelled, and Texas
and Mississippi voted with later and with better
light. In Virginia the result was largely influ-
enced, in my belief, by the impression to which
I refer, and the election was disastrous to those
who held the so-called "Radical" position.
I submit to the Senate that without valid rea-
sons, without cause, the substance and validity
of which can be seen of all men, we cannot
in justice to ourselves or to our duty discrim-
inate between Virginia and the States which
have gone before her. If in truth she has com-
plied with those terms which we ourselves laid
down, then I hold that it is too late to consider
whether it was wise or otherwise to do as we
have done in prearranging reconstruction.
For these reasons, Mr. President, thus im-
perfectly assigned, and without having modi-
fied at all the view which has made me reluct-
ant in other cases to say that the time had
come when rccreant States should be in all
things restored, I find myself, upon a fair review
of the provisions of law and of the facts before
us, constrained to say that Virginia has kept and
observed the conditions on her part, and that
she has a right to call upon us to observe and
keep the stipulations on our part.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I do not
intend to occupy the time of the Senate in this
discussion. The Senator from New York
kindly undertakes to set mo right in regard to
a statement which I made yesterday. I am
only too anxious to be set right, if I can be
made to perceive that I have made an error in
any statement here. I did not say that the pre-
siding officer of the senate of Virginia was not
sworn. He was the Lieutenant Governor, and
did not need to be sworn. I said that the
clerk of the senate and all the subordinate
officers of the senate were not sworn, and that
there was no record of their being sworn.
They were elected on Tuesday, the 5th day of
October; not Wednesday. The rules govern-
ing the senate were not adopted on W ednesday,
but the rules of the senate did not require that
these officers should be sworn before any justice
ofthepeaceor any notary public. The rules of
the senate and the rules of the house in the
Legislature of Virginia differ in that respect.
There is nothing in the rules of the senate that
they should be sworn. The simple fact remains
that there is no evidence of their being sworn
at all, and no rule providing that they should
be sworn outside of the chamber.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any evidence
that they were not sworn?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; not here in the
book.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there anywhere any
evidence of it?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no evidence that
they were sworn. That is the point; no evi-
dence to show that the Legislature was organ-
ized as other Legislatures are organized. It
was their duty in their journals to show the
fact affirmatively that they did organize, not
that the absence of that fact is to show they
did. It is the business of the journals to show
affirmatively that the officers were qualified
according to law. I undertake to' say that the
journals of the senate of Virginia show nothing
of the kind, and the rules of the senate do not
admit, of what the Senator from New York
said, that they might have taken the oath out-
side before some justice of the peace or some
notary public. So that, so far as the senate
is concerned, I do not see that I havebeen'set
right by the Senator from New York, because
I was right.
Now, so far as the house is concerned, the
rules of the house were adopted on the next
day, Wednesday, the 6t,h of October, and the
only fault of the journal is, if it be a fault, that,
it does not show that they ever complied with
their own rules. There is no evidence that
these officers were sworn even outside of the
house of delegates or of the representative
chamber; there is none to show-that they were
sworn inside. In the absence of any evidence
on that subject to show that they did comply with
their own rule are we to take it for granted ?
It is a thing which they are bound to show.
Are we to take it for granted that they were all
sworn? That, taken ia connection with the
obvious fact that they admit that they were not
sworn, is conclusive evidence to my mind that
they did not organize technically according to
the established rules which organize deliber-
ative bodies. I did not say, and I do not say
now, that that is a vital point. I only say it is
an irregularity; I only say it is one of the items
that will go to make up the account when it
shall be claimed that the fifteenth amendment
has not been legally adopted. We have notice
that we are to meet that question. The State
of New York has served notice on us, and the
Senator from New York ably and eloquently
this morning expressed his dissent from that
notice. Now, I say we have got notice that
we are to meet the question whether the fif-
teenth amendment has been legally adopted or
not. In the items that go to make up that
contest will be put in, first, that some States
consented reluctantly and under coercion be-
cause they could not get into the Union without.
Another item will be that two or three States
before it became a part of the Constitution
took back their ratification. That will be
another item. Then the third one will be that
the Legislature of the State of Virginia was not
legally organized when it did give its consent,
and that thej?failed to perfect their organization
before they adopted the fifteenth amendment.
I only spoke of it in this connection that this
informality and illegality would be one of the
items that would lap together to make up that
contest, and we ought to have as few as pos-
sible. We ought to shut up every avenue in
that direction that we can shut up.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator before he sits down allow me to understand
him ? I understand now, then, that his sugges-
tion is not that the speaker of the house did
not take the oath. I misapprehended him per-
haps the other day, but 1 understood him to
say that the speaker of the house did not take
the oath.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say that the
president of the senate did not take the
oath 
Mr. CONKLING. I am not speaking of
the president of the senate; but I ask whether
the Senator alleges that the speaker of the
House did not take the oath ?
Mr. POMEROY. No ; he was a member,
and took the oath as a member.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator allege
that the clerk of the house did not take the
oath?
Mr. POMEROY. I do ; nor did the clerk
of the senate take it either.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I say to the Sena-
tor that if he will look at the journal of the
house he will find that the clerk was to take
the oath before a notary public or a justice of
the peace ; there could be no entry of his having
taken it; and there is no evidence that he aid
not take it. So, then, I understand it comes
to the point that the clerk of the senate did not
take the oath.
