1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5471
Hale, Harris, Heflin, Hill. Hoge, Hotchkiss, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Kelsey, Laflin, Loughridge, Ma.y-
nard, McGrew, McNeely, Samuel P. Morrill. Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Newsham, Paine, Peck, Perce,
Porter, Eidgway, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Shober, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stone, Strader,
Strong, Sweeney, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, and
W inans—50.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the resolution of the House of
Representatives suspending the sixteenth and
seventeenth joint rules for the remaining days
of the present session of Congress.
The message also announced that the Senate
further insisted on its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
. t'on of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payment,
agreed to the further conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Dayis, the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
enrolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 2201) to amend the nat-
uralization laws and to punish crimes against
the same, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) for the
relief of Jane Dean Bishop.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
reported that the committee had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 319) to extend the time for
presenting claims for additional bounties ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 205) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, and
for other purposes, approved June 30, 1864;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay
expenses of delegations of Indians visiting the
city of Washington.
order of business.
. Mr. JUDD. I move that the House now
proceed to the consideration of business upon
the Speaker's table. I make this motion for
the purpose of obtaining action on the appor-
tionment bill, which is on the Speaker'stable.
Mr. KELSEY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of receiving
and adopting a preamble and resolution that I
send to the desk to be read.
Mr. JUDD. I do ntft yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. The motion to proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table is not debatable. Pending that motion,
a motion to suspend the rales is in order, and
takes precedence of the other motion.
treatment of cadets at west point. „
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Clerk to read the preamble and resolution I
have sent to the desk, and I move that the rules
be now suspended, and the preamble and reso-
lution adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas an apparently truthful letter ofeomplaint
has appeared in the public prints, that systematic
abuse and ill treatment have been given to a caaet
at V/est Point, solely because of his race and color,
so that he cannot m quiet and safety pursue his
studies at the. national school, in which he has been
appointed a pupil by the President: Therefore,
J!"wlvcrl, That the Visitors appointed by thellouie
lo West Point hp, and hereby aie, authorized, as a
co'nmiucc ot this House, to investigate said chaiges
and complaint, and any others that may seem to
them proper, against the manner of conducting the
Military Academy at WestPoiat, with power to sum-
mon and examine witnesses, and to employ a ste-
nographer and clerk, the expense of which investiga-
tion shall be paid from the contingent fund of the
House, said committee to report, by bill or other-
wise, at any time during the next session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, of the
following title :
A bill (S. No. 750) for continuing the St.
Paul and Sioux City railroad across the Ter-
ritory of Dakota to Yankton, or a point near
the mouth of the Niobrara, and for continu-
ing the land grant in aid of the same.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. McCRARY asked and obtained leave
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in relation to a bill for a pension to
Joseph Montgomery.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of David Bottorf.
Mr. BENTON asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Patrick Hickey.
adjournment.
The question recurred upon the motion that
the House adjourn; and upon a division there
were—ayes 68, noes 76.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STILES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Judd and Mr.
Stiles were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 01, noes 79.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. ALLISON called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House shall
now adjourn can we proceed to business on the
Speaker's table until after some other morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER. Only by a suspension of
the rules.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 93,
not voting 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Bailey, Barnum, Bennett,Benton, jBiggs,
Bird, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burr, Ca.ke,
Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Conner, Covode.Cowles,
Cox, Davis, Dawes, Dickoy, Dickinson, Dixon, Don-
ley, Ela, Eldndge, Ferriss, Fisher, Fox, Getz, Giliil-
la.n. Griswold, Ilaight, llaldeman.Hambleton, Ham-
ill, Hoar, llol man. Hooper, Jenckcs,Thomas L.Jones,
Kellogg Kelbey, Keir, Ketcham, Knapp,Laflin,Law-
rence, Lynch, Marshal], Mayham, McCarthy, MeCor-
mick, McKee, McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, William
Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Packer, Peters,Phelps, Poland, Potter, Itan-
dali. Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Scofield, Porter
Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor. Townsend, Trimble,
Twiohell, Van Auken, Yan Trump, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees, Wells, Wheeler, Willard, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Back, Buckley, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, William X.Clark,Sidney Clarke, Am asaCobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cook, Crebs,Cullom,Darrall, Dege-
ner, Duval, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Garfield, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, llawley, Hay,
Hays, Ingersol 1, Johnson, Judd, J ulian, Ivnott, Lewis,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCrary, Mcqrew,
McICensrie, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Mor-
phis, Orth. Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon. John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith.
William J. Smith.William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland. Taffe, Tillman, 'i'yner Upson,
Van Horn, Culwaladci C. Wa hburn, William B.
Washburn Welker, Whitmore, Wilkinson. Williams.
Eugene M. Wilson. John T.Wilson,and Witeher—93.
. NOT VOT1NU—Messrs. Arnell, Beaman, Bowen,
der H. Jones, Kelley, Lash, Samuel P. Morrill.Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Negley, Hewsham, Perce, Porter,
Eidgway, Schenck, Sehumaker, Snerrod, Shober,
Strader. Wallace, Ward, and Winans—33.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition of
Robert P.Blount, of Washington county,Texas,
for removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of M. L.
Davis, of Dansville, New York, for a time-
demand currency and free banking.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Daniel
Boon, for a pension.
Also, a petition asking relief for Colonel
George R. Marvel, late of the thirteenth Illi-
nois cavalry.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: A petition of citi-
zens of Chester, Pennsylvania, for repeal of
income tax.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of F. W.
Dodds, of Calloway county, Kentucky, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Robert Muldron, of
McCracken county, Kentucky, for removal of
his political disabilities.
IN SENATE. *
Tuesday, July 12, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
st. paul and sioux city railroad.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Terri-
tory of Dakota has no representative on the
floor of this body. Railroad grants have been
passed by the Senate, I believe, for almost all
creation. There is one little bill reported for
a road to the capital of Dakota Territory. It
has been reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, and I ask the Senate to take it up and
pass it at this time. The Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] who is very careful in all these
matters, has examined the bill all through, and
I have his approval of it, every word. I ask
that Senate bill No. 750 be taken up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of a bill
for a land grant in Dakota. The Chair hears
no objection. Does the Senator yield for the
morning business?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir ; I wish to have the
bill acted upon now.
Mr. TIPTON. I think the morning busi-
ness had better be progressed with first.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will let
the bill be passed now, as it is before us.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 750) for continuing the
St. Paul and Sioux City railroad across the
Territory of Dakota to Yankton, and for con-
tinuing the land grant in aid of the same.
The Committee on Public lands reported the
bill, with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
eight, after the word "Minnesota" to insert
the words " or from some point on their road
south thereof, in said State ;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
That the St. Paul and Sioux City Railroad Com-
pany, a body-corporate under and by virtue of the
laws of theState of Minnesota, is hereby authorized
and empowered to continue and construct its line
of road westwardly from some suitable point on its
line oi road at or near the great bend oi the Dea
Moines river, in Cottonwood county, Minnesota, or
fiom some point on their xoad south thereof in said
