1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
too late to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the Senator
from Indiana that I wish, before he offers any
amendment, to be allowed to make a verbal
change in my amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. It is within the Senator's
control.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to make a verbal
change after the word "resolution" in the
secpnd line of the amendment, to insert the
words "purporting to," and then to change
"rescinding" to "rescind" and "annulling"
to "annul;" so that it will read :
Provided, That should the Legislature of said
State atany time hereafter pass any act or resolution
purporting to rescind or annul its ratification, &c.
I make this modification, I will state while
on my feet, for the purpose of obviating en-
tirely, as I think this change in the language
does, the implication alleged to arise under
this amendment, that we recognize the right of
that State to rescind its ratification. If the
amendment read in this way, " that should the
Legislature of said State at any time hereafter
rescind or annul its ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendments," then I admit that it
would contain an implication that we recog-
nized their right to rescind and annul. But
as it reads simply "that should the Legislature
of said State at any time hereafter pass any
act or resolution purporting to rescind or annul
its ratification," that, it seems to me, conclus-
ively shuts out any possible implication that
we recognize the right of any State to with-
draw its ratification after it has once formally
granted it; and I hope that the Senators whose
minds may have been influenced adversely to
the amendment on that particular ground may
see in this change of phraseology an entire
escape from the implication which led them to
take that view.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the change
of the phraseology of the Senator's amendment
has, I think, improved it very much, and I
think with that change there does not remain
in the amendment any very strong implication
of a concession on our part of the power of a
State to rescind its ratification. But that does
not by any means meet the difficulty which I
feel in my own mind. I hold, and I think that
is the sentiment of the Senate and the senti-
ment of the country, that after a State Legis-
lature has acted affirmatively upon an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
its power over the whole subject has ceased
and terminated, it has no longer any authority
to act upon that subject. Why ? Because its
sole authority to act upon the subject at all is
given in the Constitution of the United States,
and that Constitution contains no authority by
I implication to a State Legislature to review or
reconsider its act of ratification. There lies
I the difficulty, and any such resolution or act
reviewing, reconsidering, or rescinding a ratifi-
1 cation is merely void ab initio, and has no
more effect than the piece of paper upon which
1 it is written.
; This, then, will be a mere brutum fulmen if
we should enact it. It can possibly have no
effect whatever except by way of intimidating
' the Legislature of Virginia; and I do not pro-
' pose to legislate with a view to intimidate even
! Virginia. If Virginia comes back into the
! Union, as I trust she will, she must necessarily
come back upon an equality with all the other
I States, enjoying precisely the same privileges
1 in all respects and subject to exactly the same
; responsibilities. If she sees fit, after having
ratified the fifteenth amendment, to undertake
r to retract her ratification and to act herself
accordingly, let her attempt it if she dare.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator this question: suppose there
be now twenty-seven States, it requiring twenty-
eight, which have already ratified the proposed
41sx Oon«. 2d Sess.—No. 25.
fifteenth amendment, and that to-morrow
those twenty-seven States should all rescind
their ratifications, and six months hence some
other State should ratify the proposed amend-
ment, would it then be a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad to have the
honorable Senator from Delaware put his ques-
tion in so clear a shape. There is nothing to
be misapprehended in the question, nor shall
there be anything to be misapprehended in my
answer. I am of opinion that notwithstanding
the rescission by twenty-seven States the ratifi-
cations of those States, taken in connection with
the ratification of the twenty-eighth State after
the rescission, would make the amendment a
part of the Constitution and make it binding,
because I hold that a State has no authority
whatever to rescind or revoke the act of ratifi-
cation. Has my answer satisfied the honorable
Senator from Delaware as to my own view?
Mr. SAULSBURY. It satisfies me per-
fectly as to the views of the honorable Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. That was all I could aim at,
Mr. President, and far more than I could possi-
bly have expected to accomplish. [Laughter.]
I have said that this amendment if enacted
will be a mere brutum fulmen. Does the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri expect that in
case this shall become a part of the law and
in case Virginia shall revoke her act of ratifi-
cation the legal political condition of that
State shall be metamorphosed, changed from
the condition of a State into the condition of a
mere provisional State, subject to the military
authority of the United States ? His amend-
ment certainly contemplates all that. He will
not undertake to deny that such are the con-
sequences which are to flow under this amend-
ment from a revocation by Virginia of her
ratification.
Well, sir, look at it. Suppose Virginia is
readmitted into the Union under the bill which
is now before us with this amendment in it.
Her Senators are here sitting in this Chamber,
legislating with us and voting ; her Represent-
atives are in the other branch of the Legisla-
ture, participating in legislation ; her Governor
is at home, in the discharge of the executive
functions of the State, under the constitution
of the State; her supreme court, all her infe-
rior courts, are in full operation, acting inde-
pendently of us, and under the constitution
and laws of the State of Virginia responsible
to the laws and the people of that State, and
not in any way responsible to us. Suppose
her, indeed, to be, what she would be in that
case, an independent State, does the honorable
Senator from Missouri suppose that by violating
this so-called fundamental condition of her
admission the Governor of that State loses his
authority as Governor under the constitution;
that the legislative bodies of the State at once
lose all their independence, all their political
power for local legislation in the State? Do
the judges of her supreme court and her infe-
rior courts at once cease to have any authority
to act under their commissions in the adminis-
tration of justice? In short, does the military
authority of the United States at once replace
the entire mass of independent State powers
and authorities committed by the constitution
of that State upon all her magistrates, all her
legislators ?
Sir, it does seem to me that these are the
consequences which are to flow froin a non-
compliance on her part with the conditions of
this amendment. They are consequences which
in their very nature are utterly and totally in-
compatible with that degree of State independ-
ence which we have all along, all of us, con-
ceded to the various States.
Sir, it is not possible that Congress can have
any authority to impose such conditions.. It
is impossible for Congress in a time of peace,
without the use of military force, to dismantle
a State and deprive it of all its political func-
tions as a State ; and that is the very result
which is contemplated by this amendment. I
cannot go so far as that. I believe that the
States have some authority, some powers,
which in a time in which an insurrection does
not exist against the General Government are
to be respected, and which are as independent
of us as we are of them.
I cannot by voting for this amendment deny,
disregard all my ideas upon the political powers
justly and fairly pertaining to a State in the
Union. I do not think that Congress has au-
thority by one single blow of its legislation to
strip a State in the Union, in the actual exer-
cise of all the functions of an independent
State, of its powers and rights and privileges.
I am not prepared to go so far as this; and I
hojse that the Republican party will pause
before it commits itself to a principle which, in
my judgment, is so dangerous and the results
of which may be in the far off future so disas-
trous to the whole country.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, in order
to put to a practical test the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri I offer the following as
an amendment to that"amendment, to be in-
serted at the end:
And provided further. That the State of New York
having rescinded her ratification of said article, said
State of New York is hereby excluded from repre-
sentation in Congress, and the States of Ohio and
Now Jersey, having retracted their ratification of
the fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution, said States of Ohio and New Jersey are also
hereby excluded from representation in Congress.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I suppose that
the honorable Senator from Ohio will vouch-
safe to the Senate an expression of his views
and opinions in favor of this amendment of his.
Mr. THURMAN. I would do so with great
pleasure, but my friend from Missouri has been
inviting me to throw a brick at him for some
time in order that he might get on the war-
path ; but I am afraid. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Sir, it is very wise for some
men sometimes to stand in fear, [laughter;]
but this silence on the part of the honorable
Senator from Ohio is only a part of that shrewd
Democratic game which is played here, to sit
still and see how many Republican quails can
be driven into their net. I do not propose, sir,
to be one of them; nor do I for a moment
doubt that the astute Senator from Ohio under-
stands perfectly well the difference between a
State that has always been in relations of friend-
ship to the Union and a State which has not
always been so; between a State that has never
revolted against the General Government and
a State that has revolted against it. The Sen-
ator from Ohio understands that as well as I
do; and while it is a very good piece of Dem-
ocratic fan, which is never very particularly
pointed or humorous at any time, I believe, to
introduce an amendment of that kind, my own
impression is that the pointlessness of the fun
will be best exhibited by the refusal of the
mover himself to vote for it.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to make a few
remarks in reply to the honorable Senator from
Michigan. This seems to me to be one of the
plainest cases that could possibly be presented
to a deliberative body. A State coming back
into the Union or admitted into the Union in
the first instance upon conditions holds a place
in the Union, as under an estate, upon condi-
tion. The honorable Senator is too good a
lawyer not to know that whenever an estate of
any description is held upon condition the vio-
lation of the condition is an end of the estate.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, he cannot have forgotten that
that matter depends upon the nature and legal-
ity of the condition. If the condition is illegal, *
as a matter of course it has no effect at all.
Mr. DRAKE. Of course not; but am I to
understand that the honorable Senator from
Michigan is to range himself alongside of the
Senator from New York, impugning the valid-
ity and constitutionality of the fundamental
conditions we have imposed upon these States ?
Are we to be met in the Republican rankK at
