1870.
ffife ' CONG-EESSlOKAL G-L'OBi).
'2641
your system of reconstruction. Tell them, if
you please, that we &ve disloyal; tell them, if
you please, that we do not agree with you in
your matter of reconstruction; but they will
say to you, sooner or later, '' What have we got
to compensate for your system of reconstruc-
tion'/" Go to-day throughout the North among
the burdened tax-payers, the men from whose
honest toil one third at least of the reward of
their labor goes to support yoiir system of
reconstruction, and ask them what compensa-
tion they have received. Nay, sir, go down into
the South among the very people to whom you
claim that you are giving the entire benefit of
your system of reconstruction, and for the very
small, trifling, insignificant portion that they
have paid ask them what they have got. They
have had a few offices, places, and positions;
and that is all. This bill, as you mean to pass
it now, proposes, so far as the State of Georgia
is concerned, to fasten and fix upon them for
two years the same benefit that they have had
for a year or a year and a half, and nothing
more.
The argument chiefly made in opposition to
the Bingham amendment, and to sustain the
ground of precedent, is that the people there
sire disloyal and disorderly; and that the Gen-
eral Government sliquld stretch out its arm
and protect individuals in their rights of per-
son and property. It has been one of the tra-
ditions of our Government; nay, sir, it is one
of the traditions of all Governments in the
world ; even more, it was the idea upon which
our Government had its very existence, and
without which, entertained by the founders of
our Government, we never should have been
enjoying the blessings of civil liberty that we
sire to-day, that the ifrilitary power should
always be subordinate to the Civil. Civil law,
civil power, obedience and submission to law
are to secure td the individual the protection
of his life, his person, and his property. Now,
how is it with Georgia? You saythat they have
no protection of person and property there.
If so, why? Because you have given them
no civil government; because you have not
allowed them to have civil government.
You say that there are lawless clans in
Georgia, and that men disobey the laws, out-
rage rights of person and property, and you
bring us official communications on the subject
from the Governor and other State officers,
and tell us what outrages are committed and
perpetrated there. Why is it? It would seem to
me to be a complete and a perfect answer to say
..that the State officers of Georgia are not there
discharging their official duties and performing
the legitimate and proper functions of their
offices. When we are told that the Kuklux
Klan are ravaging that State", laying waste and
interfering with the rights of person and prop-
erty, at the same moment—not just now, but
we have seen it very often—-the Governor of
that State is here in the Senate Chamber lob-
bying (if I may use the expression, and I guess
it is not unparliamentary, because it is used so
often in connection with this body) and log-
rolling to keep himself and his friends and his
political party in power. I do not wonder that
disorder prevails in the State of Georgia. Sir,
let him go home; let the State officers go
home ; let the members of the Legislature go
home where they belong, and attend to their
duties, discharge them as they should under
their State constitution, and then they Will be
likely to have order; and if they do not, then
it will be quite time enough for them to come
to Congress and ask us to interfere.
I shall not detain the Senate by referring in
detail to the messages and representations of
Governor Bullock. I shall state, however, the
conclusion to which I have come after reading
t hem thoroughly and carefully. That conclu-
sion is that not until the 2d of February—-or I
might' say before that, because his message is
dated on the 2d of February last—but notu'ntil
then was "it fever thought1 of that the prtfs'eht
State government of Georgia was provisional.
41st Cong. 2b Sess.—No. 166.
Who ever heard it suggested in this-Congress,
in this Capitol, or anywhere "else, after we
passedthe bill of the 22d of December, 18G9,
providing for the reorganization of the State
of" Georgia, that the government which we
then organized was not a permanent govern-
ment? Sir, it was never suggested, it was
never conceived of here; hut on tho 2d of
February last, when Governor Bullock came
to transmit his message to the Legislature of
Georgia, ho conceived the idea that they were
provisional. All through his message ho refers
to what General Terry "did. Even after Gen-
eral Terry had organized a military commis-
sion and had determined who might and who
might not take seats in the Legislature of
Georgia, Governor Bullock sends to them a
message that they are provisional as a Legis-
lature, and from that time forward the idea is
followed up. And why ? Why, sir, if it can
be made to appear that the Legislature of
Georgia and the State organization are merely
provisional Congress, in the legitimate exercise
of its power, in consistency with the recon-
struction acts, can continue it provisionally!
Suppose, that the Senator from Texas should
rise on this floor and make representations of
disorder in Texas and of the inability of the
civil authorities to suppress it and execute the
laws, why not to-day say that the Legislature
of Texas and the State organization of that State
are merely provisional? True, you could not
say that as well of a State that had not been in
rebellion, because that would be inconsistent
with your theory of reconstruction. To pre-
serve your consistency, with your ideas of recon-
struction and your reconstruction acts, the
States that have been in rebellion are forever
to be under the control of Congress! Texas,
Mississippi, and these other States aro repre-
sented on this floor; and why not to-day just
as well say that the governments of those
States are provisional as that the government
of the State of Georgia is provisional?
But you say it is because they are not entitled
to representation. Why are they not entitled
to representation ? Is it because they have not
done everything that you required of them?
They have bowed, with all its meaning and all
the legitimate inferences you can take from it,
their necks to your yoke. Notwithstanding all
that they are not entitled to representation;
and why? Bccause ,yoa will not admit them
to representation. Why will you not do so?
Why do you not admit them to representation?
Because the admission of that State to rep-
resentation in this body—they have already,
I believe, had representation in the other
House—would involve you. in the further in-
consistency that being a State it was a State
equal with all the others; and what would be
the consequence of that? Why, sir, the Repub-
lican party would go down in that State.
Mr. President the bill itself is objectionable
as containing fundamental conditions; butthe
effect of the Bingham amendment, so called,
is merely to prevent that Legislature and that
State organization from doing what we all con-
cede would not be republican if they did it.
We know that they propose to do it, because
the fact is they have already given that con-
struction to their State constitution. They
have already elected their Senators, upon the
theory that this Legislature is the last one to
be elected prior to 1872. . With that fact pre-
sented to us,-that they iiave already given this
construction to their constitution, is it not a
legitimate exercise of our power to saythat
they shall not give such a-construction to their
constitution? I have heard no reason why it
is not. I have heard upon this floor the argu-
ment made - that that constitution was not
republican in'form because it permitted- this
thing to be done; and if that constitution does
permit it to' be done, then it is the duty of Con-
gress to prevent them from doing it.' There is
the whole-of the argument upon this'subject
of the Bingham amendment. The' proposition
is made, on the one side, in Congress to allow
that Legislature to do a thing that we all say
is not republican, does not consist with repub-
lican government or republican institutions;
and, on tho other hand, an opposition to that.
The House of Representatives, a very re-
spectable body in point of numbers certainly
and the individuals who compose it, have said
j that in their judgment a State constitution or
' a State organization that permits this sort of
thing to be done is not republican, and that
in carrying out the requirement of the Con-
stitution of the United States, that we shall
guaranty to the States a republican form, we
should prohibit and prevent that thing being
done. It remainsnowfor the Senateof the Uni-
ted States, after this long, elaborate, learned,
and I must say profitable discussion, to say
whether, in their judgment, a State govern-
ment or a State organization that not only
allows but that purposes, and proposes to do
that sort of thing is republican in form. '
When that is done, and tho Legislature of
Georgia continues itself inpowerand continues
tho State officers in power, and you reap the
reward that you expect and hope from this
unprofitable, as it seems to me, and unholy
sowing, tohat will you have? You will still
have a Democratic government so far as tho
people in the State of Georgia are concerned.
Sir, why make this stretch o( power? Why,
in this great Government of ours, do this un-
seemly thing—unseemly to a republican form
of government—for the mere temporary reward
of two years' longer service for the officers in
a certain State?
It may be said that it will help you to carry
the election in 1872; but, sir, you must remem-
ber, as was suggested the other day by the.
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] that in
doing these things, so repulsive and so antag-
onistic to anything like republican ideas, while
you may gain a little strength in one locality,
you are outraging the sense of propriety, to say
the least of it, of all the other States. Of
course, intoxicated with success, intoxicated
with power as you are, we have no hope ex-
cept that, in the recklessness which that intoxi-
cation inspires, your excesses may bring the
people to a sober sense of the outrages -that
they have been tolerating, in my judgment,
the people will come to that sober sense, and
when they do, the party that has inflicted these
outrages upon American sentiment and the
American system ofgo'vernment willbe crushed.
No appeals to passions that \Vere gotten up
•during the war, no appeals to loyalty, no ap-
peals to patriotism and no denunciation of
your opponents as disloyal, will save you or
rescue you from that doom which, it seems to
me, most certainly awaits you.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I propose
to make a brief speech in support of the amend-
ment I have submitted to the pending bill.
Whethey,Congress can take jurisdiction of the
subject of elections m a S tate after it is admitted
to representation in Congress is one question,
and the mode in which that jurisdiction is to
be exercised, if assumed, is auother .and dif-
ferent question. Bingham's amendment, so-
called, declares that the next election for mem-
bers of the General Assembly of the State of
Georgia shall be held in the year 1870, and the
substitute which I propose declares that the
election shall, be held in 1872. That is the
difference between the. two propositions.
I affirm that.the. exercise of the power to
pass the Bingham Amendment involves the
exercise of th,o. power.to pass the amendment
I have prpposfed. Ordinarily, I acknowledge
that Congresa lias no jurisdiction to interfere
in-the elections of a State ; but in this partic-
ulaf case I claim that Congress has the .power
to pass either the Bingham amendment or the
amendment that I have proposed, -according to
its judgment. • Bear in mind, sir,- that this is
a question of jurisdiction; and I submit to the
Senate whether or uot,, if Congress takes juris-
diction of the subject and undertakes to regu-
late the times of holding elections in a State,
