386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
this late day, when fundamental condition after
fundamental condition has been imposed upon
rebel States, with the declaration of the illegal-
ity of our own action and our own votes upon
those questions? If we are, then, indeed, do
we resolve ourselves into a body that deserves
only the contempt of men. Sir, when I voted
for the imposition of fundamental conditions
upon rebel States I did it with the belief that
we had the right to impose those conditions;
I never doubted that right for a moment. We
had a right to obliterate every State line in all
rebeldom and declare the whole rebel territory
but a conquered province, the names of the
States even to be known no more hereafter
forever except in history. That was our right,
as I held it. We either had that unlimited
right, or we come back to the doctrine of the
Senator from Kentucky, expressed here so
often, that those States were never out of the
Union, and that we had no right to impose any
terms upon them at all.
Now, sir, if we have the right to impose
fundamental conditions in any case whatever,
then I say when we do impose one I come back
to the plain principle of law which every lawyer
in the Senate understands, that he who holds
an estate upon condition, or the corporation
that holds an estate upon condition, loses that
estate by a violation of the condition ; and as
their Senators and Representatives if admitted
now under this amendment would be here upon
condition that their States did maintain their
faith with the country, we should have a right
to put them out when their States broke that
faith.
But, sir, I do not wish to prolong this dis-
cussion. I suppose that the mind of the Senate
is well made up one way or the other. I have
nothing further to say about it except that I
will make a still further verbal alteration of
ray amendment by inserting after the word
"annul" the words "or retract," and by
striking out the word "or" before the word
" annul " so that it will read:
, That should the Legislature of said State at any
time hereafter pass any act or resolution purporting
to rescind, annul, or retract its ratification, &c.
Hie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri modifies his amendment, and the Sec-
retary will report it as modified.
The Secretary. The amendment as modi-
fied now reads:
J'rovided, That should the Legislature of said State
at any timehorealtcr pass any actorresolution pur-
t0JCSCl?(}' annul, orretractits ratification of
h n-i'h a£ticl° ofainendmontoftho Constitution
oi the United otalos, tho passago of such act or rosolu-
tion shall operate to exclude said Stato from repre-
sentation m Congress, and to romand said Stato to
its condition immediately prior to the passage of this
resolution.
llr. WARNER. I simply riso to ask for
some information from the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] in regard to the
doctrine which ho announced yesterday, and
for which he was thanked by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
and which I may characterize as the doctrine
of eternal punishment to the reconstructed
States. I, as a Senator from a reconstructed
State, feel some interest in the matter.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend would
allow me to correct that phrase "eternal pun-
ishment —eternal, protection, eternal bene-
chction to the reconstructed States. That is
the effect oi it. There is no element of punish-
ment m it. I beg my friend, I entreat him, for
trod s sake, to get that idea out of his head.
Nobody has ever thought of punishing the re-
constructed States. It is only a question of
protection, of beneficence, and of salvation.
ij WA-RNER. Perhaps the proposition
would have been a little better characterized
by me if I had said doctrine of eternal pro-
bation. I will read the language of the Sen-
ator from Indiana :
«i,''ASa,nt t0 say„?,no thing farther to Senators here
this afternoon. Ihere has been too much haste m
my opinion, m disclaiming the power of Congress
States that have been reconstructed and read-
mitted. bir, wo do not know what is before us in
JI
regard to these reconstructed States. We shall prob-
ably have to deal with some of them again and right
soon. Take the State of Tennessee, for example.
Only yesterday, X believe, the eonstitutionalconven-
tkrn assembled in that State refused to take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. President, I remember the clearness, the
distinctness, and the logical force with which
the Senator from Indiana stated the principles
upon which reconstruction was founded. He
gathered the authority from the aggregate
power of Congress under the Constitution to
preserve the country, and he founded the whole
policy, justly and wisely, upon the paramount
duty of Congress, overriding all others, to pro-
tect and preserve the country. It seems to
me that that is the just ground to stand upon
to-day, that Congress has the power to-day as
it had then, as toward all the States, Massa-
chusetts as well as Alabama, to put down re-
bellion and to exercise that degree of power
which shall be necessary to protect the people
of all sections and of all the States. What I
desire to know is whether it is to be understood
that the reconstructed States, once admitted,
having complied with all the conditions which
the Congress of the United States in the inter-
est of loyalty and of the people, and wisely and
justly, too, have made, are to be still in a posi-
tion of perpetual inferiority, liable to be driven
out at any time at the will of a majority of
Congress? I feel the more interested in this
question as a Republican because I have no
guarantee that a Republican majority is always
to rule in these two Houses.
If we are to be at the will of Congress, and
liable to be turned out upon some different
rule than that which applies to other States,
we may have to pray " good Lord," or " good
devil," because the time may come when a
Democratic majority in both Houses of Con-
gress may be here. Then suppose Congress
should adopt a sixteenth amendment to the
Constitution, providing that colored men have
no rightswhich white men are bound to respect,
and they should say to Alabama and to me as
an Alabama Senator, if I should have the good
fortune to bo here, "Unless you adopt this
amendment we will turn you out of the Con-
gess of the United States and deny you repre-
sentation." 1 am looking to that possible
alternative, and I wish now to be enlightened
on this point, whether the Senate of the United
Slates holds to the position that the recon-
structed States, after they have complied with
the conditions wisely imposed upon them for
the guarantee ol life ana property and safety
to men of all classes and colors and conditions
in the South, and after they have been admit-
ted to this Chamber and to "the other Chamber,
and restored to all their relations with the Gen-
eral Government, are to stand upon any differ-
ent footing from other States ? I want to know
whether I, representing here in part the State
ot Alabama in point of official position, how-
ever humble 1 may be, am the peer of the
Senator of any other State on this floor.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it is of
no consequence to others, but matter of justice
to myself, that 1 should state why I shall vote
against the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri. We all desire the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution,
and I deny the right of the Senator from Mis-
souri to brand as deserters from the party those
Senators who may differ with him as to the
best means of accomplishing an end desired
by us all. There is no principle I am aware
of which prohibits a Republican from exer-
cising whatever of common sense or judgment
God has given him in selecting the appropriate
means ior accomplishing legitimate party ends;
and I do not believe that it will tend particu-
larly to promote the harmony of our party for
one or two Senators to assume to possess all
the sense and judgment of the party, and con- .
demn all who may differ with themselves as to '
the proper details of a bill designed to secure !
a principle in the support of which we all I
concur.
There are several reasons, in my judgment,
why the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri should not be adopted; and these
objections are interposed because I think the
amendment is calculated to defeat the end
which we all desire to see accomplished,
namely, the legal adoption and ratification of
the fifteenth amendment.
I do not propose to discuss the power of
Congress to impose what have been called
fundamental conditions to the admission of a
State. That subject is beset with difficulties
and pregnant with dangers. The theory of our
Union—the only theory upon which its con-
tinuance is possible or desirable—is that it is
composed of States which are in all respects
equal. So fundamental was this idea in the
philosophy of our fathers, and so thoroughly is
it ingrafted upon our political speech, that
when this discussion commenced yesterday
several Senators supposed that the Constitu-
tion itself provided that new States should be
admitted upon terms of equality with the other
States. That was my understanding of it until
the Constitution was examined.
But though not expressed, is it not clearly
implied that alHhe States of the Union shall
possess equal rights, privileges, and powers?
The thirteen States which originally composed
the Union, though differing in size, population,
wealth, and power, were nevertheless, as mem-
bers of the Union, political equals. The Con-
stitution provides for the admission of new
States into "this-Union;" that is, into this
Union of equal States. What would our Union
amount to and how long would it stand the
perils and trials of time if composed of States
standing upon different platforms, having dif-
ferent tenures of life, differing in responsibili-
ties, privileges, and powers? How could it be
claimed that States were equals when some
States could expel others, or, what is the same
thing, determine that they have forfeited their
right to be Stales of the Union ? It is the duty
of the United States to compel all reluctant
members to "keep step to the music of the
Union;" and when the people of a State, in
madness and folly, destroy their own State gov-
ernment and plunge into rebellion against the
Union the sword is the only remedy until with
the chastisements of war they shall be brought
to a better mind. But the right to expel a State
would be far more dangerous than the right of
a State to secede, because more likely to be op-
pressively exercised. There is no danger that
two or three States will be able to secede, but
thirty-five States might be able to expel two or
three States.
There has been much discussion and much
nonsense uttered in regard to the rights and
duties of the States toward the Union, but it is
something different, I think, to create distine-
tionm regard to the rights and privileges of
the States themselves as States. And whether
Congress possesses the power or not to create
such distinctions, the propriety of exercising it
is more than doubtful.
But, without at all discussing that grave and
difficult question, I desire to take, as the Sen-
ator from Indiana said yesterday, an exceed-
ingly practical view of this subject. New York
has given us notice that she is trying to repu-
diate her adoption of the fifteenth amendment.
Wew York is a member of the Union without
• fundamental conditions.'' And, in my judg-
ment, if the Senate were now to declare Vir-
ginia to be admitted into the Union upon the
I fundamental condition that she should be ex-
i pe, ®d if she should attempt to rescind her
I ratification it would be a logical consequence
that, in the opinion of Congress, she might so
rescind but for the prohibition contained in
the act providing for her admission; and as
iNew x ork is subject to no such condition or
i limitation of power, that her rescinding such
| ratification was valid. It is in vain for Sen-
j ators to say that by declaring this heavy penalty
we do not admit that such act canbeperformed.
We are supposed to bo practical men. No one
