1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
SECRETARY OP THE TREASURY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 441) prescribing the duty of the
Secretary of the T reasury in cer tai n cases therein
named; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
FOIIT SNELLING MILITARY RESERVATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelling military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
(the settlement of all claims in relation thereto;
'which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
alvin p. hovey.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) to authorize
the payment of the salary of Alvin P. Hovey as
minister in Peru, without deduction on account
of absence from his post; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
FOURTEENTH INFANTRY REGIMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the issuing of clothing to enlisted men of the
fourteenth regiment of infantry; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
CHARLES H. PENDLETON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) to place the
name of Charles H. Pendleton on the Navy
Register as lieutenant commander, active list;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LITTLE ROCK AND FOR* SMITH RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 374) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to extend the time for the Little
Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company to
complete the first section of twenty miles of
said road," approved April 10, 1869; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN. A House bill, exactly the
same as this, has been before the Committee
on the Public Lands, and the committee have
Authorized the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Winans] to report it. The committee recom-
mend that the Senate bill be pot on its passage,
and after it has been read I will yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Winans.J
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proviso of an act entitled "An act to extend
the time for the Little Rock and Fort Smith
Railroad Company to complete the first sec-
tion_ of twenty miles of said road," approved
April 10, 1869, be, and the same hereby is,
repealed.
Mr. WINANS. The Committee on the Public
Lands have had under consideration a House
bill which was in substance the same as the bill
which has now been read. The object of the
bill is to repeal a proviso of the act of 1869,
requiring that the public lands granted by the
act of 1866 should be sold to actual settlers in
limited quantity, and at a price not exceeding
$2 50 per acre. I desire that the report be
read.
The report was read, as follows :
The Committee on the Public Lands, having had
under consideration th« bill (H. R. No. 1069) " to
amend an act entitled 'An act to extend the time for
the Little Rook and Fort Smith Railroad Company
to complete the first section of twenty miles of said
road, approved April 10,1869," respectfully report:
Ihat by act approved July 28,1866, there was re-
vived a grant and granted t6 said company lands, in
alternate sections, within twenty miles of its road,
tl10 construction thereof, upon condition
tnat it one section of twenty miles should notbefully
wiVi!;ra?u an<* completed as a first-class railroad
three years from the time said act should
aB<1. the whole within ten years
Td "'should take effect, then all the
Jho rrSoj unpatented, should revert to
the United States; that by the third section of said
act it was further provided that the provisions of said
act, so far as the same relate to the Memphis and
Little Rock and the Little Rock and Fort Smith
branches of said road, (the said act being complex
and embracing other matters,)should not take effect
until the Secretary of the Interior should make and
file a certificate in his office and the office of the
secretary of State of Arkansas, stating the compa-
nies or corporations claiming the benefit of this act,
in behalf of said branches, have reorganized their
boards in a lawful manner, and after such reorgan-
ization that they had respectively rescinded all acts,
resolutions, or other proceedings transferring the
lands, rights, and privileges of such corporations or
companies to any convention. State, or authority
recognizing or acting in concert with or under the
authority of the late so-called confederate States of
America; that tbe certificate required by said third
section was not filed by the Secretary of the Interior
till the 13th day of May, 1867.
That doubt having arisen as to the time from which
the limitation of three years for the completion of
the first twenty miles of road, (whether from the date
of the approval of the act or from the date of the
filing said certificate,said company claiming that the
time should be computed from the latter date,) to
resolve said doubt adeclaratory act was procured and
approved April 10,1869, fixing the 13th of May, 1870,
as the time within which the condition should be
complied with; to which act there was added a pro-
viso that said lands should be sold to actual settlers
only in quantities not greater than one quarter of a
section to one purchaser, and at a price not exceeding
$2 50 per acre. That this bill proposes the repeal of
the said last-mentioned proviso; pending which in
the House and before this committee a similar bill in
substance and effect has passed the Senate and is now
on the Speaker's table. It should be observed that
the act of July 28,1866, related to a road from the
mouth of the Ohio river via Little Rock to the Texas
boundary; and the Memphis and Little Rock and the
Little Rock and Fort Smith roads are therein men-
tioned as branches thereof, concerning which the
third section makes the special provision before
referred to.
Now, in the opinion of the committee, it may well
be held that the act of July 28,1866," became alaw" at
the date of its approval; but, so far as tho Little
Rock and Fort SmithRaiiroad Company is concerned,
it did not " take cffect" till the filing of said certifi-
cate by the Secretary of the Interior on the 13th of
May, 1867. That the latter company could not avail
itself of the provisions of tho act till the certificate
was filed, and that as to it tho act was not a law till
the filing of said certificate. Construing the act of
1866, moreover, by the usual rules of construction,
regarding tho whole and giving cffect to every part
thereof, its reason and spirit require that said com-
pany should liavo the benefit of the full period of
three years in which to construct the first twenty
miles of its road, unless expressly abridged in thi3
respect, which it is not. And if there be any conflict
between precedent and subsequent sections of the
act, the former ought to give way to and be super-
seded by the latter. But whether this interpretation
of the act be just or otherwise, the Congress, by the
act of April 10, 1869, declared that such was its true
intent and meaning. A declaratory statute merely,
not granting lands nor reviving a dormant or lapsed
grant, and conferring no original nor substantial
rights or benefits, ought not, in the opinion of the
committee, to provide conditions, and believing that
the proviso to the act of April 10,1869, was attached
through inadvertence, or without full appreciation
of the actual character of the bill, the committee are
of the opinion that the condition should be removed,
and therefore recommend that this bill bo laid upon
the table, and that the Senate bill do pass.
Mr. JULIAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the Senate bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I am not authorized to yield
for that purpose.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 50, noes
45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. Rogers were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 76, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; and asked for tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Julian were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 27, noes 83.
So (one fifth voting therefor) the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. WINANS. I think the bill ia not gen-
erally understood, and I ask that the report
of the Committee on the Public Lands be
again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the proviso which it is proposed
to repeal is not the proviso limiting the price
for which the lands shall be sold to actual
settlers ?
Mr. WINANS. If the gentleman will listen
to the reading of the report it fully explains
the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. As this bill seems not to be
perfectly understood, if the House will allow
me I will make a brief explanation which will
relieve it from all manner of doubt. The facts
in the case are that last spring, in the closing
hours of the session, a restrictive clause was put
upon this Little Rock and Fort Smith railroad
land grant. It was done inadvertently. The
grant itself had not lapsed, and the company
having charge of the lands had a vested right
in them without this superadded restriction
which we had no power to attach.
Mr. HOLMAN. Had not ten years elapsed
when this proviso was attached from the time
the act making the grant was passed, which
required the road to be completed in ten years?
Mr. JULIAN. The grant of lands had not
lapsed at the time this restriction was put on.
Mr. HOLMAN. Had not ten years elapsed
since the passage of the original act?
Mr. JULIAN. The original act of 1856 was
revived in 1866 for three years, and the three
years had not expired when these restrictions
were attached; and the whole object of this bill
is to remove restrictions hastily and inadvert-
cntly put upon the grant. That is the whole of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will my colleague state
what the restriction is?
Mr. JULIAN. It is the one we have been
placing on these land-grant bills in regard to
the rights of actual settlers, a restriction that
I am in favor of in all cases where we have
power to apply it; but the committee have
passed upon the question of law, and have
decided that we had no power at the time we
applied it in this instance to attach it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will my colleague state
what that restriction is?
Mr. JULIAN. It provides that the lands
granted in the act revived, and which in fact
had not lapsed, should be sold to actual set-
tlers only in quantities not greater than a
quarter section to one person, and at a price
not exceeding $2 50 an acre.
Mr. HOLMAN. And that restriction is to
be repealed by the Senate bill ?
Mr. JULIAN. It is to be stricken out for
the reason which I have given, that we had no
power to attach it, the grant itself not having
lapsed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then what harm
does it do ? I am surprised that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] should wish
to strike out such a restriction as that.
Mr. JULIAN. Perhaps it does no harm.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then let it be.
Mr. JULIAN. Perhaps it will do no harm.
But it may breed trouble and doubt, and affect
the credit of the railroad company. It may
perhaps lead to litigation; and we thought it
ought to be removed in justice to all parties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So it is for the bene-
fit of the corporation.
Mr. JULIAN. We are legislating to undo
what we ought never to have done. The gen-
tleman knows I am not the champion of rail-
road corporations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are removing a
wise restriction.
Mr. JULIAN. I presume it is perfectly
legitimate for the House to correct its own
blunder. As to the principle of the restriction
the gentleman knows I am in favor of it.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] whether this bill
makes any new grant of land ?
Mr. JULIAN. It does not.
Mr. WARD. Then I see no harm in pass-
ing it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Willthegentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
