1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453J.
the decrees and orders of the orphans' court
for .said District, and all wills proved before
him or the said court, and all other matters by
existing laws, or any law hereafter passed,
directed to be recorded in the said court or in
the office of said register, which bond shall be
entered in full upon the minutes of the said
orphans' court and the original filed with the
records thereof. The second section provides
that any register of wills for the said Distiict
hereinafter appointed according to law, before
lie acts as such shall give a similar bond as pre-
scribed in the first section of this act, with the
like sureties, in the same penalty, on the same
conditions, and subject to the same approval as
required by said first section.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
51 street, washington.
Mr. COWLES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that the same do pass, Sen-
ate hill No. 399, to authorize the paving and
sewerage of M street, Washington, District of
Columbia.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. Thefirst section
provides that the mayor of Washington, the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and Wil-
liam Sticlcney, Wilson E. Brown, and S. H.
Kaufman, of the city of Washington, shall be
appointed commissioners for the purpose of
paving and sewering M street nortbj between
New York and Vermont avenues, who shall
serve without compensation; and that all va-
cancies occasioned by death, or resignation,
or otherwise, shall be filled by the supreme
court of the District of Columbia.
The second section provides, that to enable
the said commissioners to carry out the pur-
pose of this act, they shall have the same power
now conferred upon the corporation of the city
of Washington, to levy a tax upon the prop-
erty fronting on said street sufficient to pay for
said paving and sewerage, which shall be col-
lected in the manner now prescribed by law,
and when so collected, the amount thereof
shall be paid over to the commissioners afore-
said. The said commissioners shall have the
power of directing the manner of putting in
the gas and water-pipes on said street, within
the points before mentioned.
The third section provides that the corpora-
tion of Washington shall pay for paving and
sewerage of the space occasioned by the cross
streets and alleys: and such alleys and streets
as may abut against the said M street without
crossing it, shall pay the same rate as if the
same was private property.
The fourth section provides that this act be
in force from and after its passage, and all
laws conflicting with its provisions are hereby
repealed.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COWLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
foundry methodist episcopal church.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that the same do pass, Sen-
ate bill No. 927, to make legal a certain act of
the councils of the city of Washington.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be rend a third time.
The bill, whicli was read, provides that a
certain act of the councils of the city of Wash-
ington, approved the 20th day of October, 1869,
and entitled " An act for the relief of the
trustees of the Foundry Methodist Episcopal
church," shall be declared to be a legal act
and not inconsistent with the powers of the
corporate authorities of the city of Washing-
ton ; and that they are hereby empowered and
directed to pay to said trustees the sum of
$400 27, in accordance with the amount appro-
priated by said act.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. GILPILLAN, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
the same.do pass, House bill No. 2218, supple-
mental to an act entitled " An act to authorize
the construction, extension, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia."
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that t.lic
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
shall be authorized and empowered to extend
their lateral branch, authorized by the act to
which this is supplementary, by way of Mary-
land avenue to the viaduct over the Potomac
river, in the city of Washington, known as
" Long Bridge," and to extend their tracks
over said bridge and to connect with any rail-
road now constructed or which may hereafter
be constructed in the State of Virginia ; and
that to effect this purpose the said company
shall be authorized and empowered to take
Eossession of, hold, change, and use the said
ridge and the draws connected therewith in
perpetuity free of cost, provided the said Balti-
more and Potomac railroad will maintain the
said bridge in good condition for railway and
ordinary travel; and that the bridge shall at all
times be and remain a free bridge for public use
for ordinary travel; and provided further that
tbe said company shall maintain the draw-
bridges in efficient working condition at all
times ; and that until such time as the needful
changes are made to accommodate the railroad
and its traffic, it shall be the duty of said railroad
company to repair without delay all damages to
the present bridge, and to maintain it without
cost to the United States.
Mr. DAWES. The subject-matter of this
bill has beeu before the Committee on Appro-
priations, in connection with a proposition to
make an appropriation to repair the bridge,
and the committee are in favor of this bill,
with an amendment, which I will send to the
Clerk to be read.
Mr. COOK. I am in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The amendment moved by Mr. Dawes was
read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enneted, That if the Baid
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company shall at
any time neglect to keep said budge in good repair
and free for public use lor oidmary travel the Gov-
ernment of theUmted States may enter into posses-
sion of the said bridge; and Congress reserves the
right to alter or amend this law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKENZIE. This is a very important
bill, and I had supposed it would notbe pressed
to a final passage atthisrime. This Long Bridge
is on the great thoroughfare between the North
and tbe South. There is an application- pend-
ing for aid from the Government to regair this
bridge. This Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road is not now within twenty miles of this
city. This is a matter that should be well and
fully considered by this House. The people
of Georgetown are interested in this matter,
as are the Orange and Alexandria railroad,
and the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and why
should such an important franchise as this be
given to a railroad that is not yet within twenty
miles of this city'!
There 13 already pending in the Senate a
bill similar to this. I had hoped that a bill
covering this object would be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia and
fairly and fully considered, so that the rights
of all parties might be protected. I have-no
objection at all to the making of this railroad
connection. 1 shall certainly be very glad
if we can adopt some measure which will do
away with the expense which has been annu-
ally incurred by tiie Government of the United
States for the repairs of this bridge. But I
hope that this bill will not be acted 011 to-day
in this hurried manner. 1 have no hostility to
the general object of the bill; but there are
other roads besides the Baltimore and Potomac
which ought to have a connection with this
city. 1 trust I may be permitted to offer an
amendment providing that the Alexandria,
Loudon, and Hampshire railroad, the Wash-
ington and Alexandria road, and the Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company
shall have equal rights over the bridge with
the Baltimore and Potomac Railr&ad Com-
pany. The latter company has not yet brought
its line within thirty miles of the city. This
bridge is the great highway to the southwest,
and it ought not to be blocked up. I have no
antipathy to the Baltimore and Potomac road,
but I think that this bill ought to receive proper
consideration at the hands of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, so that justice
may be done to all parties interested.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Welkeb.J
Mr. WELKER, Is the amfendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McKenzie] pending?
Mr. GILFILLAN. It js not.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to offer two or
three amendments to the bill. In the first
place, I move to insert after the words " Mary-
land avenue," on page 2 of the bill, the words
" conforming to its grade;" so that the road
will pass down Maryland avenue upon its
grade.
Mr. GILFILLAN. That is already pro-
vided for in the bill.
Mr. WELKER. "I do not so understand.
Mr. GILFILLAN. The company, by tlieir
charter, are required to conform to the grade.
The amendment would not in any way affect
their rights in that respect. I do not object
to the amendment, though I consider it unne-
cessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I move further to amend
by inserting the words " erect a" before the
words " maintain draw-bridges."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "draw-bridge" the words
''so as not to impede the free navigation of
the Potomac river."
Mr. GILFILLAN. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKENZIE. I desire to read the amend-
ment which I would like to have adopted. It
is to add the following:
Provided, That tho Alexandria, Loudon, and
Hampshire Railroad Company,the Washington and
Alexandria llaiiroad Company, and the Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company shall
have equal rights over tho road on equal terms.
Mr. GILFILLAN, I cannot consent to that
amendment-
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, this bill was
referred to the Committee for tbe District, of
Columbia this morning, and we have had but
very little time to examine its provisions. I
do not wish to antagonize _this proposition ; I
think very well of it; but it seems to me that
if we give to this company the right to cross
the Potomac river 011 that bridge we ought to
accompany the grant with the same provision*
