1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly. *
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] whether,
if in the present state of the law there be any
doubt, it is not our policy to resolve that doubt
in fa or of the settler by retaining the proviso
ts it has been ingrafted upon the law, and let
the courts settle the question as to what are
the rights of settlers?
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the question
of the gentleman. I have already said that
there is no doubt in this matter. We have
examined the question of law, and because we
regarded it as clear that our power to attach
this condition did not exist we ask that it be
removed from the statute-book.
Mr. CESSNA. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
seat.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to further debate.
The question was upon the passage of t lie
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were eighteen in the
affirmative. I
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to. i
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill, upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 38, not
voting 73 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Banks. Benjamin, Bennett, Boyd,
George M.Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Roderick R.But-
ler, Calkin. Cessna, Churchill, Coburn, Conger. Co-
vode. Cowles.Crebs, Culloin, Davis, Dickinson. Don-
ley,I)oxtFerriss, Finkelnburg, Fox, Garfi old, Gibson,
Hale. Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
ley, Hays, Heaton. Heflin, lloge, Jenckes, Johnson,
Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham, Laflin, Lasb, Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCrary. McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, McNeely,
Mercnr, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, J esse H. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard. Packer, Paine, Perce. Peters, Pomeroy,
Potter. Prosser, SargeBt, Sawyer. Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Sherrod, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stono, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland. Swann, Taffe, Townsend, Twichell.Ty-
ner. Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
lUuu, lSugeno M. Wilson, Winana* Wood, and
Woodward—109.
nays—Messrs. Ambler, Beatty, Beck,Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Buffinton, Burchard, Cleveland, Amosa
Cobb, Cook, Dockery. Eldridee. Farnsworth, Get*,
Haigat, Haldeman, Hay, Hill, Holman, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mayharo, Mungen, Niblack,
Randall. Reading, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers.
Scofield, Sloeum, Stevenaoa, Strong, Trimble, and
VanAoken—38. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer,
Arnell, Axteli, Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Benton,
Blair. Boles, Booker, Bowen, James Brooks, Bur-
dett. Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake/Clarke, Ciin-
ton L. Cobb, Cox, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Ferry. Fieher-Fitch, Gilfilian, Griswold,
Hawking, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alex-
ander II. Jones. Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Maynard, William Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P.Morrill. Morrissey, N egley. Palmer, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Porter. Roots, Sanford, Schenck, Sehu-
taaker, Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith, Stevens,
Stiles, Sweeney, Tanner, Tillman. Upson, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard.JohnT. Wilson, Winchester, and Witehsr—73.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment till mondat.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to
make a privileged motion. I move that when
the House adjourns to day itbe to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. LAWRENCE, Oh, no; let us have
to-morrow for debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. If we can
have to-morrow for debate only, and not for
business. I will not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman to withdraw his motion for
the present until the business on the Speaker's
table shall have been disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Very well; I I
will withdraw the motion. j
speeches published in tiib globe. j
The House then resumed the consideration j
of business upon the Speaker's table, the next j
business being the following concurrent reso- j
lution of the Senate: |
Retolved by the Senate, (the House of jlepresenta- j
tives concurring,) That nospeechnot actually deliv-
ered in Congress shall be printed in the Globe.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that this res-
olution be put upon its passage.
Mr. COX. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Itseerostomethere
can be no better time than now to act upon this
resolution. My impression is that if it is re-
ferred to the Committee on the Rules we will
' never see it again.
j The SPEAKER. The usual course, in case
of business on the Speaker's table, is to recog-
J nize any gentleman who moves a reference of
any business taken up. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] is a member of the
Committee on the Rules, and therefore is prop-
i erly recognized to make the motion to refer.
| If the House shall refuse to refer, the question
! will then be upon concurring in the resolution.
I The question was taken upon the motion to
refer; and it was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rkport on total eclipse of
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the following: |
: Retained by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That there be printed one thou- j
sand extra copies of the report made by the officers
of the United States Naval Observatory of the total
eclipse of the sun of August 7,1869, for the use of
the Senate, two thousand copies for the use of tho
House of Representatives, and five hundred extra
copies for distribution among scientific bodies and
individuals by the Superintendent of tho United
States Naval Observatory.
The resolution, under the law, -was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
examiner op claims, state department.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution (S. R. 'No. 120)_to pro-
vide for the appointment of an examiner of
claims for the Department of State and for ad-
ditional clerks in the Department; which was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that this joint resolu-
tion may be considered at the present time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
for the appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a suitable person learned in the law- to be
examiner of claims of the Department of State,
who shall receive the annual salary of $3,500.
It further proposes to authorize the Secretary
of State to employ three additional clerks for
Indexing the books, papers, and documents
of the Department; two of them to be clerks
of the fourth class, and the other of the third
class. For the payment of such examiner of
claims and clerks, and for the compensation
of extra and temporary clerks whose employ-
ment may be necessary, the sum of $13,700 is
appropriated.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the consent of the House
to make a very brief statement on this subject,
with a view to action upon this bill at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point ol order:
that this is an appropriation bill, and must go
to the Committee of the Whole. ■
Mr. COX. If the bill is referred at all, it
ought to go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is an important matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
is an appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. It is for the creation of new
offices.
Mr. McGREW. But there is an appropria-
tion at the end of the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I know there is.
The SPEAKER. The bill makes a direct
appropriation. The last clause is in these
words:
And for the compensation of extra and temporary
clerks whose employment may be necessary the sum
of $13,700 is hereby appropriated.
The bill, under the rules, must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. If the bill be referred to any
committee, I desire that it shall go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] withdraw his point
of order, so that the bill may be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that the bill
shall be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be so referred.
Mr. BANKS. I ask consent to make a state-
ment in regard to this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall object to the con-
sideration of the bill at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
referring the bill to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Whenever it i3 proposed to consider
the bill the gentleman's point will be good.
Mr. BANKS. This resolution simply pro-
vides for the appointment of an examiner of
claims for the Department of State at a salary
of $3,500. Heretofore a fourth-class clerk has
served as examiner ef claims, at a salary of
$1,800. This resolution provides that the officer
serving in this capacity shall receive a salary
of $3,500, instead of $1,800. No officer of
sufficient ability to discharge the duty can be
employed at $1,800. As to the clerks to whom
the bill refers, they have already been provided
for by this House in an appropriation bill, the
provision to fake effect lit the commencement
of the next fiscal year, June 30, 1870. It is
very important that these clerks should com-
mence their work now, because that work is
indexing the various official documents in the
State Department, which should be in an access-
ible form as soon as possible. This resolution
proposes to enable the State Department to
employ these clerks from the 1st of January
till the 80th of June next. The whole appro-
priation required to pay all the officere whose
employment is contemplated by the bill will be
$10,000, instead of $13,700.
Mr. WELKER. With the permission of the
gentlemen from Massachusetts, I wish to make
a single remark. I understand this examiner
of claims is to be the law officer of the State
Department. In connection with that matter
I wish to state that the Committee on Re-
trenchment have had under consideration for
some time a proposition to reorganize the law
department of the Government, and the com-
mittee are ready to report a bill to that
effect. In the reorganization we propose to
provide for the State Department a law officer,
who shall be accountable to and under the con-
trol of the Attorney General; hence_ I object
to the creation of a law officer in this bill at
this time.
Mr. BANKS. I will not object to the prop-
osition referred to of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welker] when it comes ujj. But this
resolution is intended to provide for an emer-
gency existing at the present time.
Mr. WELKER. This examiner will be the
law officer of the State Department.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman not to
object to give the State Department the service
il of this officer until his bill passes. I will now
