1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2643
act, in view of the fact that Congress has
established the precedent in reference to
Georgia of changing its constitution under the
eleventh section of the eleventh article, and in
view of the fact that this position is fortified
by the authority of the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, followed by a majority of the
Senate, I say that the power to do this thing
is put beyond any reasonable controversy.
I know full well that astute lawyers will at-
tempt to make distinctions between this case
and the cases where the power has been exer-
cised prior to this time; but the whole ques-
tion before the Senate is, whether or not Con-
gress, in accepting this constitution and admit-
ting this State to representation, may qualify
or attach conditions to its constitution? Sir,
if the convention and people of the State of
Georgia have assented on the one hand, and
if the United States, through Congress, assent
on the other, who can raise any question as to
the exercise of this power? Who can say that
a change in that constitution by Congress is
invalid when the State of Georgia and the
United States agree that it shall be valid?
Another legal question arises here, and that
is as to the character of the existing Legisla-
ture of Georgia. Objection is made to a con-
tinuance of this Legislature for two years, on
the ground that certain members were declared
ineligible, and their competitors in the election
receiving the next highest number of votes
were allowed to take their seats, and it is
claimed on that ground that the Legislature of
Georgia as it is now organized is an illegal
body.
In 1868 the Legislature of the State of Geor-
gia expelled colored members from their seats
and allowed others who were their competitors
at the election and received the next highest
number of votes to be seated. The supreme
court of the State of Georgia and Congress
have decided that that act was illegal and con-
trary to the constitution of the State. Now, I
wish to invite the attention of the Senate to
this plain difference between the action of the
Legislature as organized in 1868 and the action
of the Legislature as organized in 1870. When
the colored members were expelled from their
seats they were eligible, and it was simply a
majority of the Legislature, by the exercise of
unwarranted and arbitrary power, expelling
the minority; but the Legislature as organized
in 1870 displaced only persons who were inel-
igible and allowed those who were their com-
petitors at the election and received the next
hignest number of votes to take their seats.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to suggest to
the Senator from Oregon what I understand
to be the facts with regard to the latter trans-
action, in order that we may arrive at a just
conclusion of law upon the actual facts as they
exist.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
Mr. FJBRRY. I do not understand that all
those who were excluded after the act of last
December were ineligible at the time they were
elected, but that they were incapable of taking
the oath which was prescribed by the act of the
22d of December, 1809, and being thus incapa-
ble were rendered unable to take their seats;
but at the time of their election, in 1868, they
were eligible, not being disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment, the act of December 22,
1869, imposing disqualifications far beyond any
embraced in the fourteenth amendment. At
the time they were chosen eleven of them were
eligible; three of them it is said were not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not at all agree with
the Senator in his statement of the facts.
Mr. FERRY. That is as I understand the
f&cts to
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose, how-
ever, to be diverted from the precise question
under considerationbut I will answer the
Senator's suggestion in due time. I call the
attention of the Senate to the fact, as I under-
stand it to be, that the members who were
expelled in 1868 were eligible to their seats,
and the persons who were displaced in 1870
were ineligible to their seats. There is no
law that authorizes a legislative assembly to
expel persons who are eligible, and to substi-
tute others in their places; but where persons
are ineligible, under the laws of the State of
Georgia, as I understand them to be, the per-
sons receiving the next highest number of
votes at the election are entitled to the seats.
I refer upon that subject to section one hun-
dred and twenty-one of the code of the State
of Georgia, which was in force at the time
both of these transactions occurred :
" If, at any popular election to fill any office, the
person selected is ineligible under the foregoing
rules, the personhaving the nexthighest number ot
votes, who is eligible, wherever a plurality elects,
shall be declared elected, and be qualified and com-
missioned to such office."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the "foregoing
rules ?"
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inform the Senator.
Several causes of ineligibility are prescribed
in this chapter, and among others is the fol-
lowing :
"All persons from any cause constitutionally dis-
qualified."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What constitution is re-
ferred to? Read confederate constitution at
the end, and you will know.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator mean
to say as a lawyer that this code has no effect
whatever under the existing constitution of the
State; and that it ceased to exist when the
change in the government took place?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, I mean to say
that, except where the ordinance of the con-
vention made a special provision on the subject,
which you can read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I undertake to say that
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States disqualified those persons
who were removed in 1870 because they were
persons who had held office under the confed-
erate government, having previously taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States. Having been officers under
the confederate government,, and having pre-
viously taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, they were not able
to hold seats there if the constitutional amend-
ment applied to them. Now, to give the law
I have cited a fair and reasonable construction
would make the qualifications of the Constitu-
tion apply to such persons, unless it can be
claimed that men may*hold seats in the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State, who were disquali-
fied by the Constitution of the United States,
because they are not disqualified by the con-
stitution of the State.
But, sir, I do not depend upon that argu-
ment, for the ordinance of the convention of
the State of Georgia, which for the purposes
of organizing a State government is taken and
held to be a part of the constitution, adopts
the fourteenth amendment, and so the four-
teenth amendment becomes a part of the con-
stitution of Georgia; and no man certainly had
a right to hold a seat in that G eneral Assembly
who was disqualified by that constitution. Is
not that a plain proposition? Can any man
controvert its correctness? No matter what
effect the fourteenth amendment had in and
of itself, when the ordinance of that conven-
tion adopted t he qualifications prescribed in
the fourteenth amendment as the qualifications
for office under the constitution of the State,
then those persons had of course no right to
their seats, because they were there in viola-
tion of the constitution under which the Legis-
lature was organized.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the ordinance the
Senator refers to ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will read it:
" That the regulations established by Congress for
voting upon the ratification of the constitution and
for voting at elections under the provisional govern-
ment shall apply to tlie oleetion of officers, as afore-
said; and the persons so elected or appointed shall
enter upon the duties of the several offices to which
they have hcen respectively elected, when author-
ized so to do by acts of Congress or by the onder of
tnc general commanding; and shall continue in office
till the regular succession," &c.
The act of the 25th of June, 1868, provides
that—
"No.person prohibited from holding office under
the United States or under any State, by section three
of the proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United States known as article fourteen, shall
be deemed eligible to any office in either of said
States."
Mr. HOWARD. On what page of the Con-
stitution is that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am reading now from
the act of June 25, 1868.
I mean to say, to be more precise, that the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution de-
clares what tha disqualifications for office shall
be. This act of June 25, 1868, adopts those
disqualifications, and declares that they shall
apply to any persons subsequently elected in
the State of Georgia ; and then the ordinance
adopts the act of Congress, and makes it, so
far as this question is concerned, a part of the
constitution of that State, so that it is perfectly
clear that any man who was disqualified under
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
from holding office, had no right to a seat in
the General Assembly of that State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think anybody
has ever controverted that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It was just controverted
by the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Fekry,] who declared that this act did
not fix an oath, and therefore the persons
excluded were eligible.
Mr. FERRY. Notatall. What I claimed
was this: that eleven of the members excluded
by the reorganization of January last, were not
disqualified in fact at the time they were elected
by the provisions ofthe fourteenth amendment,
and that their only disqualification was created
by the oath imposed by the act of December 22,
1869; that oath creating disqualifications much
broader than the fourteenth ameudment. They
were eligible by the fourteenth amendment
when they were elected, but you turned them
out by enacting an oath and requiring them
to take an oath who.e disqualifications were
broader than those of the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
to be the fact. I understand the fact to be that
those persons were disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment, and had no right on that
account to hold their seats in the Legislature,
and when the subject was examined subse-
quently under the act of the 22d of December,
1869, it was found that those persons were so
disqualified, and consequently they were dis-
placed.
Mr. MORTON. Was not that the decision
of General Terry ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that to be
the decision that was madeatthe time. Now,
sir, the point I make is that these persons were
found to be ineligible. Does any Senator con-
trovert that fact ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ore-
gon evidently does not apprehend the distinc-
tion that I made. Everybody admits, so far as
I have ever heard, that no person disqualified
by the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment was competent to hold any office or a
seat in the Legislature of Georgia. So far, all
agree. But the point made by the Senator
from Connecticut is that the oath required by
the act of December last is broader than the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, and that therefore
some of those persons who were excluded in
the late reorganization were not excluded be-
cause they came within the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendments of the
Constitution, but were excluded because they
refused to take that oath, the oath being broader
than the constitutional amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did understand the point
made by the Senator, and I answer that accord-
ing to my understanding these persons were
