1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
would propose to punish the people of Vir-
ginia by forfeiture of their State government
for attempting to strike the sun out of the
heavens; because this they could not do. You
punish things which ought not to be, yet may
be done. And by declaring that Yirginia shall
cease to be a State if she shall do a certain
thing, it seems to me you would clearly admit
that but for the prohibition she might do so ;
and consequently you must admit that New
York, which was subject to no such limitation,
has legally rescinded her ratification of the
fifteenth amendment. I am not willing to
admit that New York possesses any such
power, and I am not willing to do any act that
would justify the belief that I entertain such
opinion.
The Senator from Indiana referred yesterday
to the bad conduct of Georgia in expelling the
colored members from her Legislature. That
was undoubtedly an outrage, and we have passed
an act which, it is believed, will set the matter
rightwithsomeconsiderableemphasis. But,sir,
the case of Georgia's expelling these members
was a wrong upon individual members of the Le-
gislature which there was no means to correct
inside that State government. No judicial court
could entertain jurisdiction of the question. It
was a present, practical wrong, and has received
its-merited remedy. And I think there is great
force in the remarks of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] that we ought not to spe-
cify this as the only wrong which Virginia could
commit that would justify congressional inter-
ference. It is not an agreeable office to set in
array before a man the sins he has committed.
It would be still more ungracious in admitting
a State to fellowship as a member of the tTnion
to threaten her with punishment if she should
violate her duty as a State. " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof.'' When the case
arises which calls for congressional interference
Congress will unquestionably interfere. It is
our duty to extend to Yirginia, eomingasaState
into the Union, the right, hand of fellowship, and
treat her as an equal, honored, and trusted sis-
ter while she remains faithful to the relation she
now assumes. Should she ever again unfortun-
ately fail in that duty, the remembrance of her
towns burned, her fields ravaged, her homes
desolated, will suggest to her what has been
and what must be the remedy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the pend-
ing question is upon the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out all after the word
"That," in the first line, and inserting :
The State of Virginia is entitled and admitted to
representation in Congress as a State of tho Union
upon the following fundamental conditions: First,
that hereafter all members of the General Assembly
and all executive, administrative, and judicial of-
ficers of said State shall, before entering upon the
, duties of their respective offices, take and subscribe
one of the following oaths or affirmations, namely:
" I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may bo)
that X have never held the office or exercised the
duties of a Senator or Representative in Congress,
nor been a member of the Legislature of any State
of the United States, nor held any civil office created
by law for the administration of any general law of
a State, or for the administration of justico in any
State or under the laws of the United States, nor
held any office in the military or naval servico of
the United States and thereafter engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States, or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof, or
rendered, except in consequence of direct physical
force, any support or aid to any insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, nor held any office
under or given any support to any government of
anv kind organized or acting in hostility to the
United States or levying war against the United
States. So help me God, (or on the pains and penalties
of perjury, as the ease maybe.") Or the following
oath or affirmation, namely: "I do solemnly swear
(or affirm, as the case may be) that I have been
relieved by an act of the Congress of the United
States from disability, as provided for by section
throe of tho fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of thoUnited States. So help me God, (or on the
pains and penalties of perjury, as the ease may be;")
and upon',faIsely taking either of said oaths or affirma-
tions shall bo deemed guilty of perjury, and shall
suffer the pains and penalties thereof; and may bo
tried, convicted, and punished therefor by the circuit
court of the U nited States for th e district in which said
crime was committed. Second, that the constitution
of said State shall never be so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote or hold office in
said State who are entitled to vote or hold office by
tho constitution thereof herein recognized, except
as a punishment for such crimes as are now felonious
at common law, whereof theyshall have been duly
convicted under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State; or to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude of the right to sit upon juries or
to an equal participation in the school fund or school
privileges, as recognized by said constitution: .Pro-
vided, That any alteration of such constitution may
be made with regard to the time and place of resi-
dence of voters. Third, that ail persons who shall
at tho timo when said constitution shall tako effect
hold any executive, administrative, or judicial offices
by the appointment or authority of tho district com-
mander, shall continuo to discharge the duties of
their respective offices until their successors or those
upon whom such duties shall under said constitution
devolve arc duly chosen or appointed and qualified.
Fourth, that said General Assembly, after the mem-
bers thereof shall 'nave taken and subscribed one of
the said oaths or affirmations, shall, by solemn public
aet,. declare thp assent of said State to each and all
of these fundamental conditions.
Sko. 2. And be %ifurther resolved. That the ehoicc
of United States Senators heretofore mado by said
General Assembly shall hove the same validity as
if made by previous authority of law; and said con-
stitution shall take effect upon tho admission of
Senators and Representatives from said State into
the respective Houses of the Congress of tho United
States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that this is an amendment to tho ori-
ginal section reported by the Committee on the
judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it is an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is then in
order as an amendment to tho amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that
this amendment without the preamble 
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire of the
Senator if he means this as an addition to or
substitution for the amendment?
Mr. WILSON. It is an amendment to the
amendment now pending, and if adopted can
then be applied to the whole bill and will take
the place of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a substitute
for the pending amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, and, if agreed to, will be attached to
the original bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 wish simply to say that the
amendment which I have offered was prepared
by a committee of the other House with the
greatest possible care, after taking the evidence
of persons of different views from the State of
Virginia. I think it secures and guards rights;
and it seems to me to be one that we can adopt
and that will be satisfactory to all concerned.
I do not think there is anything hard in it. It
requires the carrying out of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution. I think we
ought at least to require .that much. It pro-
vides in the second section that what the Legis-
lature of Virginia have already done in regard
to the election of Senators shall be confirmed,
shall stand. It seems to me that if we should
adopt this amendment, which as wo all know
has been prepared by a committee of the other
House, it will answer all the purposes of those
who feel somewhat anxious on this subject, for
we cannot disguise the fact that there is a deep
and sincere anxiety in regard to what may hap-
pen in that State ; there is not all confidenee
in regard to what the future action of the Legis-
lature of Virginia will be. I know that prom-
ises are made, and I have great hoj)es that they
will be kept; but I am sure what is here pro-
posed ought not to be opposed by any one who
wishes for the restoration and the prosperity of
that State and the protection of all classes of
persons there. I take it that is what we wish.
Nobody wishes to punish the people of that
State; nobody wishes to keep them out an
hour. I believe they should have been here a
year and a half or two years ago; I think they
might have been, ought to have been, would
have been if tho men who undertook to guide
and direct affairs there had acted with prudence
and forecast and wisdom. However, we can-
not correct the past. We all wish these things
closed; we wish all the States represented here;
we wish the fifteenth amendment adopted; we
wish that our country shall go on in a career of
peace and prosperity, securing the rights of all
classes and conditions of men among us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I believe
that I have as little scruple as anybody about
the Constitution, for I have not much consti-
tution myself, [laughter ;] but I must confess
that, no matter what committee has prepared
this contrivance, it is a little too much for me ;
and I appeal to my friend from Massachusetts
to listen, for I think his attention cannot have
been drawn to it, to what this amendment sets
out with requiring:
That tho State of Virginia is entitled and admitted
to representation in Congress as a State'of the Union
upon tho following fundamental conditions: first,
that hereafter—
Not now, but hereafter—
all members of the General Assembly, and all execu-
tive, administrative, and judicial officers of said
State, shall, before entering upon the duties of their
respective offices, take and subscribe one of the
following oaths or affirmations.
It leaves out the very body of men whom, if
wo are to try to hold anybody, we want to hold.
They have taken their oaths; they have entered
upon the discharge of their duties—I mean the
legislators and the chief executive officers.
That Legislature have elected Senators, have
adopted the amendment, which, when we admit
them by relation, will operate as a complete
action from the first.
Mr. WILSON. The other section provides
for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be that it does :
I am speaking of this. They are to take this
oath. Then the oath provides, which .is the
point to which I was coming, not as my friend
supposes what the fourteenthamendment does,
that the man shall swear that he has not held
any office which required him at the time lie
held it to take an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States and afterward
engaged in rebellion. This requires all future
members of the General Assembly of the State
of Virginia, through all time, not only to swear
to that, but also to swear that they have not
"rendered, except in consequence of direct
physical force, any support or aid to any insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States,
nor held any office under or^iven any support
to any government of any kind organized or
acting in hostility to the United States." So
that it will be perceived that instead of stop-
ping where the fourteenth amendment stops,
by requiring tho party to swear that he never
held an office which required him to take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and taken it, but he is to swear that he
has never held an office of any kind under the
State, whether he had taken that oath or not,
and that he has never engaged in rebellion
under any circumstances, whether he had held
an office or not, except in consequence of
direct physical coercion. What authority have
we to provide that the Legislature of the State
of Virginia through all future time shall be
composed of a body of men who can swear to
that and nothing else, when the fourteenth
amendment only provides that nobody shall
sit in that Legislature except a class of persons
not half as broad as those which I have already
described? Of course it is totally out of the
question. I think nobody can defend that.
Jf my friend from Massachusetts wishes to
compel this Legislature and all future Legis-
latures of the State of Virginia to take an oath
j which shall show that they are not obnoxious
' to the fourteenth amendment I am with him.
I 3 have prepared an amendment, which I intend
I to offer if Ihave an opportunity, which requires
i that as to this present Legislature; and we
i certainly, I hope, shall pass very soon a bill
