3588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
steam-power. These use the sail more than
the side-wheel steamers, and hence their ad-
vantages. Wo have neglected ta maintain the
position we formerly held. The House and the
country understand that what we need is legis-
lation that will enable us to build these iron or
wooden ships so as to compete with Europe.
With proper legislation this can be done.
The difficulty, I wish it distinctly under-
stood, is not caused by the high price of labor.
The evidence of every builder, as embodied in
the report of the committee, shows that the
labor question is not the trouble. We are pay-
ing our men higher wages than are paid in
Europe; but American mechanics do more work
than European laborers. One good mechanic
in this country, under a good, active ''boss,"
is worth two laborers in llurope. This is the
evidence of every gentleman who appeared
before the committee. The uniform testimony
before the committee was that we can build
iron ships in this country as well as they can
be built in Europe. If you take the train this
afternoon, and go to Wilmington, Delaware,
you will find there in course of construction an
iron ship of two thousand tons. At that place
there have been built for one man twenty iron
steamships and steamboats to run upon the
Gulf of Mexico. In Boston there have been
built two as good iron propellers as ever floated
upon the waters of the Atlantic ocean j and iron
vessels have been built in my own city and in
its environs. The little Monitor was con-
structed by Mr. Rowland is one hundred days.
I speak of what I know. I do not assert any-
thing that I cannot prove. Now, let me refer
for a moment to the remedy proposed in the
bill of the committee. It is useless for me to
point out to this House the immense business
that would result from the revival of our ship-
building and our navigation; I connect them
because they are inseparable. I wish to show
the House how many busy hands will be put to
work upon a ship of three thousand tons. On
such a ship there are one hundred and twenty-
six thousand days' work. Such a vessel re-
quires three million five hundred thousand
pounds of iron ; the machinery would cost
$110,000.
Now, gentlemen, you people who are pro-
tectionists, you people who are free-traders,
jrou people who love the interest of the labor-
ing men in this country, do you want to send
money abroad to employ the labor of Europe
instead of employing one hundred and twenty-
six thousand busy hands in our own coun-
try? If you do, then I differ widely from you.
I believe in building our own ships in our own
ship-yards, and the engines in our own machine-
shops.
Much has been said about the tonnage tax.
I have but a few minutes of my time left, and I
will leave that question to be explained by the
chairman of the committee before the House
will be called upon to vote on it. I am satis-
fied from what I have heard in this debate that
gentlemen do not understand it. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] showed con-
clusively that it would put a million of money
into the Treasury of the Government. But as
I have said, I will leave that to be explained
by the chairman of the committee when he
comes to close the debate.
A few words in reference to the proposed
drawback. I am sure there is not a free-trade
friend here who will not agree with me it is all
right to give drawback to the men who are
engaged in building our ships at home. We
only propose to do for our ship-builders what
England and France and every other nation in
the world are doing for their ship-building.
Not a dollar is imposed in the way of duty by
any other nation upon any of the materials
which enter into the construction of ships.
Not a dollar is imposed upon anything used
in the outfit of a vessel during her voyage. It
is not so with us. We therefore propose to
allow these drawbacks.
We have local taxes In every State. We.
have State taxes upon every corporated com-
pany which owns ships. Who will be bene-
fited by the policy wo propose ? Not the ship-
builder alone. Every man who owns a wood
lot in any part of the country, every man who
owns an iron mine and digs out ore, every man
who makes pig iron and send3 it to market,
every man engaged in the transportation of
materials in the country, every man in the
country who does a commission business—all
interests in the country alike will be benefited.
Above all, the laborer and the mechanic will
be benefited, the men who work for a dollar
and a quarter or two or three dollars a day
will be benefited. I carb more for them than
for all others. It is proper I should do so. I
represent a district of laboring men, as does
every member upon this floor from the city of
New York. That busy city is made up of
workingmen and mechanics of all grades. I
care more for their interest than I do for the
interest of the merchant who would rather have
free trade in ships and do a fine commis-
sion business at the expense of the laboring
people.
I wish to say a word in reference to this free-
trade policy. I do not refer to any one upon
this floor, but to those outside of these Halls.
I do not wish to utter one harsh word against
any one upon this floor. We had sent to this
House a petition signed by ten thousand men
in New York city, asking for the passage
of this bill, and opposing tree trade in ships.
A petition was sent to the Senate from New
York city opposing the bill, signed, with a few
exceptions, by merchants and others directly
interested in English ships. My colleagues on
examination will say who they are. They were
not the men who came before our committee
opposing free trade in Bhips. They are men
who are and were identified with English inter-
ests, and always opposed to the best interests
of our own commerce. They are the men who
are prowling about these Halls, and say we
cannot build our own Bhips, that we must go to
Europe and buy them. Some of the pamphlets
which they have circulated have made unfavor-
able impressions upon the minds of some mem-
bers, because they have not examined the
report of the committee, as they ought to have
i done.
! A word in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, to the
i Democratic representatives in this Congress.
' The motto of our party has been in the past,
and is to-day, free trade and sailor's rights;
; our party insignias are the goddess of liberty
! seated in her temple; a full-rigged ship; and
i the strong arm of the mechanic wielding a
j sledge. 1 appeal to you, as Representatives
j of that party who have always sustained com-
ij merce, to sustain this bill.
;l To you, gentlemen, on the other side of the
the House, I ask you to remember that in the
success of ship-building at home lies one of
our main elements of strength. You should
not forget the peculiar service rendered by this
department of industry during the late war,
and that it is now paying the price of that fear-
ful scourge with tenfold the sacrifice of any
business in the country. Bat give them the
protection that has been granted by other gov-
ernments, and in a few years our mails will be
carried in our own steamers, our prestige as
a ship-building people restored, and the Uni-
ted States will have assumed the position
belonging to her, the greatest maritime nation
of the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till to-morrow.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
Tolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
House of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate the
Washington Market Company.
HOWARD UNIVERSITY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting to the House copies of
certain papers relating to the transfer of the
buildings known as the Howard University from
the Freedmen's Bureau to the trustees of the
university; which was referred to the Com-
I mittee on Education and Labor, and ordered
to be printed.
benjamin f. reynolds.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting to the House the
petition of Benjamin F. Reynolds, late captain
of company K, forty-eighth Illinois volunteers,
for relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
bureau op internal revenue.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting to the House
II a letter from the Comtaissioner of Internal
H Revenue, inclosing three reports of officers of
i that bureau ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
gaugers' instruments.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting to the House
! a report by the American Union Academy of
Literature, Science, aud Art on the subject
of saccharometers and gaugers' instruments;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways '
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
! expenses of post office department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Treas-
; urer of the United States, in compliance with '
|; section seven of the act of July 2, 1830, trans-
i mitting copies of accounts current " for ser- ;
<; vices of the Post Office Department for the years
Ij ending June 30, 1807 and 1868;" which was
j j referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
contested election grafton vs. connhr.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House depositions in the con-
tested-election case of Grafton vs. Conner, sec-
ond congressional district of Texas; which were ;
|j referred to the Committee of Elections.
invalid pensions.
j I
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
• 1 laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
' i tary of the Interior, in reply to a resolution of j
11 the House of March 29, 1870, relative to reduc- ,
tions and increases of pensions granted by spe- i
i { cial acts of Congress; which was referred to ~
!( the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
i leaves of absence. !;
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, obtained leave of •
j! absence till Saturday.
Mr. KELLOGG obtained leave of absence
for a week.
Mr. GILFILLAN obtained leave of absence •
for ten days, on account of sickness in his ]
family.
change of reference.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimoos consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw the bill, (H. R.
No. 826,) being a bill to_prevent the lapsing
of certain appropriations therein named, and
the papers accompanying the same, from
the Committee on Appropriations, and to
have the same referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, it was ordered
that thepapers relating to the claim of William
B. Edwards, of Newtonia, Missouri, presented
totheHouse during the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
be withdrawn from the files of the House and
