1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. COX. I have but a word to say. Un-
der our present arrangement no claim can be
presented by any citizen of our Government
against a foreign Government for reclamation,
except under the sanction of the State Depart-
ment. A gentleman employed in the State
Department as a law officer passes on all these
reclamations. They include not only the Ala-
bama claims, but the claims of our citizens
against Mexico under the mixed commission
now sitting in this city, as well as all claims
against the Spanish-American Governments.
The duties of this officer are very onerous.
They require a man of learning and research.
He should be a man far beyond the ordinary
standard of a clerk. I am prepared to say
from my knowledge of this business that it is
most necessary this bill should pass promptly.
If it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs it ought to be reported back promptly,
for there are many important questions com-
ing before the Mexican commission.
Mr. BANKS. If it be referred we will not
be able to get action on it for a couple of
weeks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist upon my objec-
tion.
Mr. BANKS moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who yielded for the purpose of going
to business upon the Speaker's table now wishes
to resume the floor to take up the Georgia bill. ,
If there be no objection, the Chair would sug-
gest that as there are still many Senate bills
remaining upon the Speaker's table they be
taken up for reference merely. If action be
desired on any bill it can be laid aside.
There was no objection.
george andrews.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 437, for the relief of George
Andrews; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
usury laws.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate bill No. 215, to amend the usury laws
of the District of Columbia; which was read a '
first and second time, and on motion of Mr. J
Weijcer, referred to the Committee for the !
District of Columbia.
papers of thomas jefferson.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate joint resolution No. 135, directing the
Librarian of Congress to return to the executor
of Thomas Jefferson certain private papers;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PETERS. That joint resolution comes
from the joint Committee on the Library, and
I hope it will now be put npon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman desiring
action upon it, it will be laid aside for the
present.
pftotkction of lives of passengers.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 46) to provide for the better ,
security of the lives of passengers on board of j
vessels propelled by steam ; which was read a j
first and second time, and referred to the Com- :
mittee on Commerce.
bridge across the delaware river. j
The next business on the Speaker s table was |
an act (S. No. 302) giving the consent of the 1
United States to the erection of a bridge across j
the Delaware river between Philadelphia and
Camden; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire action on that
bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be laid aside for
the present.
ezra carter, jr.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 420) to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the ac-
counts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of
customs at Portland, Maine; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. PETERS. I want action on that bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be passed over for
the present.
collection district op brazos de santiago.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 448) to change the boundaries
of the collection district of Brazos de Santiago,
in the State of Texas; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I desire action on
that bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be passed over for
the present.
schooner miami.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. R. No. 106) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the schooner Miami; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
collisions on the water.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 473) amendatory of an act
fixing certain rules and regulations for pre-
venting collisions on the water, approved
April 29, 1864; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
r. p. parrott.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 421) for the relief of R. P.
Parrott; which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. Potter, referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
marine hospital service.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
licensing yaciits.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 237) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to license yachts;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
changing name of vessel.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 485) to authorize the name of
the propeller Thomas McManus to be changed
to that of the City of Newburg; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
printed chromos.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed chromos; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
grant of lands.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S. No. 396) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Portland to Astoria and McMiun-
ville, in the State of Oregon.
Mr. ROGERS. I move that that be laid aside
for the present.
The motion was agreed to,
mrs. e. grace stevens.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens; which was
read a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Starkweather, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
removal of political disabilities.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 596) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
printing of state department.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
; the joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) in relation to
j the printing for the use of the Department
' of State of additional copies of documents
emanating from that Department; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
captain phelps paine.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of Captain
Phelps Paine ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and, on motion of Mr. Logan,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
government of tiie indian territory.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
memorial from the delegates of the Creek na-
tion, protesting against Congress organizing a
territorial form of government for the Indian
territory ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
military department of alaska.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War. in answer
to a resolution of the House of February 14,
1870, transmitting a report of the commander
of the military department of Alaska in rela-
tion to the interest of the United States in that
territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills were referred or
recommitted this morning: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 109) in relation
to settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota.
sophia a. moens.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1413) for
the relief of Sophia A. Moens; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
hannibal and peoria ports of delivery.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1414) to revive
an act to constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and
Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
collection district in new jersey.
j Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
; introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1415) creating a
j collection district in New Jersey to be ealled
i "the Jersey City collection district," and con-
j stituting Jersey City a port of entry; which
| was read a first and second time, and. referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
missouri judicial district.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1416) to create the
southern judicial district in the State of Mis-
souri ; which waB read a first and second time,
, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
" and ordered to be printed.
