4532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17.
that has been adopted in reference to the bridge
at Georgetown. In other words, we should
provide tiiat other railroad companies may be
allowed to cross on the bridge. I do not think
we ought to give to this company the exclusive
use of the bridge for railroad purposes.
Mr. CULLOM. Is the gentleman in favor
of the amendment offered by t.ho gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McKekzie?]
Mr. WELKER. I am in favor of a pro-
vision something like that, but in different
shape.
Mr. GILFJLLAN. My objection to the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Virginia is that it would defeat the whole ob-
ject of the bill. If we should extend this priv-
ilege to several railroad companies it would
be impossible to fix upon any one oftlicm the
responsibility for keeping the bridge in repair.
The great object of this bil-1, in so far as the
Government is concerned, is that it, would save
about $20,000 a year which is annually appro-
priated for the purpose of keeping this bridge
in repair. When we give the privilege to this
railroad company which wo are assured is a
great public necessity, when we give that one
the privilege of using this bridge, it is bound to
keep it in repair, and it will keep it in repair ;
but if we give all railroad companies the right
to cross this bridge there will in that case be
no one particularly responsible for keeping
the bridge in repair. 1 now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. .Speaker, I do not know
anything about this railroad company. 1 do
not know where it starts from or where it is
going to. 1 do know, however, that the Long
P,ridge has been a great expense to the Gov-
ernment for the past forly years. The Govern-
ment purchased it originally from the proprie-
tors, and obligated itself to keep it upas afree
bridge ; but the turnpike company on the other
side of the river has put up a toll-gate close to
the other end of the bridge, so that really the
bridge is only free until you get off of the
planks. It is now necessary for us to appro-
priate a large sum each year to keep thai- bridge
m repair. The Committee on Appropriations,
finding it necessary to make a larger appropria-
tion than usual, proposed to the turnpikecom-
pany on the other side that tlicy would recom-
mend that appropriation provided the company
would move their toll-gale far enough away
from the bridge so as to allow those who went
to visit the soldiers' graves at Arlington to
pass over the road free. That turnpike com-
pany held a consultation, and my distinguished
iriend from Virginia [Mr. McKuxziu] brought
in their response. Whatwosit? They agreed
if we should put the bridge in repair they
would allow those who fro over to visit the
soldiers' graves to pass through their gates at
one half the usual toll. They complained that
during the war the Government had been using
their turnpike for nothing.
There is auotherbridgoatGeorgetown, which
is antagonizing this one. So long as this bridge
is kept out of repair travel will have to go up
to Georgetown and across that bridge there,
and pay toll to that company. A delegation
of that company came down to see the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and they urged upon
the committee that it was not worth while to
keep up this Long Bridge any longer. Not to
keep it up would be to their interest, of course.
Now, it is proposed to allow this railroad
company to cross the Long Bridge on these
terms: that they will forever keep it up as a
free bridge for travelers, subjecting themselves
to certain penalties in case of failure. When
i ho company get their railroad to tho Potomac,
and dorire to cross the river, nobody will get
up here to prevent them from doing so. We
v/iil. of course, give them that right in such a
(■use. This railroad company now propose to
keep up that bridge forever as a free bridge if
we shall give them the right, to cross it. If
other companies desire hereafter to secure the
same privilege Ihere is a provision iu this bill
under which that right can bo accorded to
them. This company cannot complain.
Mr. WELKER. Where is there such a
power provided for in this bill ? This com-
pany, it is provided, are to have the exclusive
right.
Mr. DAWES. We give this company the
exclusive right of crossing the bridge until we
may desire to amend. We have the right to
"repeal, alter, or amend" whenever we shall
choose to do so.
Mr. WELKER. You cannot take away
vested rights.
Mr. DAWES. We provide, if they do not
keep it in repair, we shall have the right, to
reenter upon it.. Wo give this railroad theright
to cross tho bridgo, on tho condition that they
are to keep it in repair and to keep it up for-
ever as a free bridge, and thus relieve us from,
the necessity of appropriating annually some
twenty or thirty thousand dollars. I think it
is worth while for us to save that amount of
money when we can do so and accomplish the
same purpose for which the money is now
expended.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Piovhlcd, That tho said railroad -company shall
aivo other railroad companies tho right to pass over
^aid brid&ro on such terms as may bo agreed on.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I demand the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes Ul, noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
Tho SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
telleis; and appointed Mr. Conuiiu and Mr.
Gn.m.T.AN.
Mr. McKENZIE. I desire to say just ono
word on this matter.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
'The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question.
The tellers having taken their places,
Mr. WELKER said : 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to make a suggestion to my colleague, [Mr.
Gll,I''tI.I.Af.\]
'There was no objection.
Mr. WELKER. I think that by adding a
word or two 1 will be able to put my amend-
ment in such a shape that there will be no
further objection. 1 desire to modify it, so that
it will read :
1'rovidrd, Said railroad company shall givn other
railroad companies tho right to pass over said bridffo
upon such reasonable terms as may bo agreed upon
or as Consross may proscribe.
Mr. DICKEY. That is right. '
Mr. GILFiLLAN. I agree to have that
amendment offered.
Mr. McKENZIE. It is all right.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw the demand for
further count.
The question wa3 put on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
Nevi; York [Mr. Chgt.ciull] to have a bill
referred.
N. G. PARMBMIE AND h. 1'. liLAIK.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2225) for the
relief of Nelson G. Parmelee and Lewis P.
Blnir; which was read a first and second time,
and, with an accompanying memorial, referred
to the Committee of Claims.
IfUJSr, FOR THIS DHPAJITMENTS.
Mr. McKENZIE, from tho Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 2226) to regulate the purchase of fuelfor
the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments, and for the military and naval estab-
lishments of the United States in the District;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill 1,0 be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that from and after the passage of this
act it shall not be lawful for any officer or per-
son in the civil, military, or naval service of
the United States in the District of Columbia
to purchase anthracite or bituminous coal or
wood for the public service, except on condi-
tion that tho same shall before delivery be
inspected and weighed or measured by some
competent person to be appointed by the head
of tho Department or chief of the branch of
tho service for which the purchase is made,
and that the person so appointed shall, before
entering upon the duty of inspector, weigher,
and measurer, and to the satisfaction of the
appointing officer, bind himself with not less
than two sureties in the penal sum of $5,000,
that each and every ton of coal weighed by him
shall consist of twenty-two hundred and forly
pounds, and that each and every cord of wood
to be so measured shall be of the standard
measure of ono hundred and twenty-eight cubic
feet. And tlie inspector, weigher, and meas-
urer hereby to be appointed shall be entitled
to receive from the vendors of fuel weighed and
measured by him twenty ecnts for each ton of
coal weighed and nine cents for each cord of
wood measured by him; provided that each
load or parcel of wood or coal weighed and
measured by him shall bo accompanied by his
certificate of the number of tons or pounds of
coal and the number of cords or parts of cords
of wood in each load or parcel.
'The second section provides that the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury shall be fur-
nished with a copy of the appointment of each
inspector, weigher, and measurer appointed
under this net, and that it shall not be lawful
for any accounting officer to pass or allow to
the credit of any disbursing officer in the Dis-
trict of Columbia any money paid by him for
purchase of anthracite or bituminous coal, or
for wood, unless tho voucher therefor is accom-
panied by a certificate of the proper inspector,
weigher, and measurer that the quantity paid
for has been determined by him, as required by
this act.
The third section provides that Congress may
at any time repeal, amend, or alter this act.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McKENZIE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL T.TFK ASSURANCE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. MoKENZIEalso,fromthesamecommit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1697)
to incorporate thoNational Mutual Life Assur-
ance and Trust Association, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was read; and the question
was upon agreeing to tho substitute.
Mr. DAWES. Does this substitute author-
ize this company to transact business outside
of tho District?
Mr. McKENZIE. Itdoesnot. It is purely
a local matter : mutual entirely.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that this
is a pretty important bill.
Mr. McKENZIE. I understand that this
bill permits a hundred or a thousand' persons
to become mutual insurers among themselves;
tliatis all there is of it, and it is to beconfiued to
the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBUIIN. Has this bill been printed ?
Mr. MeKENZIE. It has not.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the second section
be road.
