388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
which will apply that same principle to the
Legislatures of all the States.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator please
have his amendment read for information ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I ask the Sec-
retary, at the request of the Senator from
Indiana, to read the amendment which I have
submitted, as intended to be proposed by me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont gives notice of his intention to offer
an amendment when it can be offered under
the rules. It will be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amend men t,
a3 follows: %
Provided, That before this resolution shall take
effect each member of the Legislature of said State
and each officer thereof shall take and subscribe, and
file in the office of the secretary of State of Virginia
for permanent preservation, an oath in the form fol-
lowing : "X, , do solemnlyswear that I have
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
an officer of the United States, or as amember of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof; so help me God;" or such
person shall in like manner take, subscribe, and file
the following oath: "X, , do solemnly swear
that I have, by act of Congress of the United States,
been relieved from the disabilities imposed upon me
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
tho United States; so help mo God;" which oaths
shall be taken before and certified by any officer law-
fully authorized to administer oaths. And any per-
son who shall knowingly swear falsely in taking
either of such oaths shall be deemed guilty of perjury,
and shall be punished therefor by imprisonment not
less than one year and not more than ten years, and
shall be fined not less than $1,000 and not more than
$10,000. _ And in all trials for any violation of this act
the certificate of the taking of either of said oaths,
with proof of thesignature of theparty accused, shall
be taken and held as conclusive cvid.enco that such
oath was regularly and lawfully administered by
compotent authority; And provided further. That
every person who shall neglcet for tho period of
thirty days next after the passaso of this resolution
to take, subscribe, and file such oath as aforesaid
shall bo deemed and taken, to all intents and pur-
poses, to havo vacated his office.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to make a suggestion to
him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Tho amendment which
the Senator from Vermont intends to offer eon-
tains this proviso : that before this resolution
shall take effect each member of the Legislature
ot the State shall take a certain oath. Then if
his amendment be adopted, this oath must be
taken before the resolution itself will take effect
for the admission of Virginia. Now, my point
is this: the Legislature of Virginia has ad-
journed to the second Tuesday after she shall
have been admitted to representation and to
full restoration of her rights in the Union. If
this resolution is never to take effect until that
oath be taken by her members, while her
members are never to reassemble until tho
State is readmitted according to their adjourn-
ment, they never can take the oath.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that were so, I do not
think from the developments made in this de-
bate it would be a very bad thing for the coun-
try^ but it does not happen to be so. The
amendment which I propose to offer, my friend
from Ohio will perceive if he will examine ita
little more closely, provides for the individual
action of each member of that body, and of tho
State officers, and not for the political action
of the whole body. It refers to each individual
officer,_ and requires him to take the oath, sub- i
SC-!1 ?,oefore a Pr6Per authority, and file it 1
with the Secretary of State. Then it declares, I
giving thirty days to do that, that any officer I
who does not take the oath shall be deemed to 1
have vacated his office. The moment that
office is vacated by all these persons who can-
not take it the result is that the Legislature is
complete.
Mr. THURMAN. How will they ever know
when the resolution takes effect? At what time
will it take effect? How is it to be verified ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be verified by the
lapse of thirty days, because at the end of thirty
days every oath not filed displaces the person
who ought to have filed it, and then the event
is complete. My point was not to compel this
Legislature to assemble again and to wait for
that. I have prepared my amendment consid-
ering the circumstances of that State, which is
now before us as no other State is, for the pro-
ceedings of that State are before us for ap-
proval. _ We have said so in the law; all the
proceedings in her ratification of the fifteenth
amendment, in her election of Senators, in her
election of Governor, and all that that people
were to do from the time we passed the act until
this present time are before us for approval.
The fourteenth amendment was in force in
Virginia, I take it. We all hold so. That peo-
ple is composed largely of persons whom the
fourteenth amendment disqualifies from office
and excludes from the management of public
affairs, as I believe rightly and justly.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I was informed by Governor
Walker this morning, and I presume the in-
formation is true, that there are but two per-
sons in the Virginia Legislature who cannot
with propriety take the oath in regard to the
fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to know
it. One of the very best proofs that will sat-
isfy me and my constituents of the real res-
toration of that State, which I am as anxious
to restore as anybody, will be the fact that a
large proportion of the members of its State
Legislature and State government can come
forward and not only take the oath, but sign
it, and file it in a public office where it is to
stay as proof of the loyalty and proper conduct
of these persons. It is exactly the satisfactory
evidence which I shall be delighted to receive
when they are called upon to do it. I do not
know that my friend intended that suggestion
as an argument against my amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say it will be exceed-
ingly gratifying to the people whom I represent
to know by that public act on the part of all
the members of this Legislature, that they
have been selected with some respect to the
constitution under which we permitted them to
come forward. _ It will be the best proof possi-
ble under the circumstances of their real patri-
otic intention to behave themselves.
But, Mr. President, I am led away in this
discussion a little from the point that I rose to,
which was not to debate my own amendment,
but to state the objections I have to that offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] I will repeat, as I said before, because
I do not wish to be long, that the first part of
this first section embodies a requirement upon
the members of the Legislature of the State of
Virginia in perpetuam. It embodies the re-
quirement of an oath which the Constitution
does not require them to take. It requires the
existence of a state of facts which the Consti-
tution expressly ignores, as to the eligibility
of persons to office in that State, because
under the fourteenth amendment persons who
engaged in the rebellion are eligible to office,
so far as that amendment goes, if they had
not^ before that time been officers of the
United States or of some State and taken j
an oath to support tho Constitution. Now, I
are we to say that it is within the competence !
of the Congress of the United States to pre- I
scribe oaths in perpetuam regulating tho eligi- j
bility of citizens of any of the States to office |
when their own constitutions and our own Con- '
stitution regulate that subject? We cannot go !
beyond the Constitution on such a point. j
I entirely agree with what has been said by j!
some Senators here, that in admitting a State li
to representation into this Union we may im-
pose conditions upon her respecting the man-
agement of her affairs, respecting rights of
property, respecting public security. I do not
undertake to deny that. On the contrary, I
have insisted upon it from the time Colorado
anaNebraska were presenting themselves here
for admission, and the Senate has acted upon
that idea. But when you undertake to go a
Step further and make those conditions such
as stand in the face of the Constitution, I think
it is asking a little too much; and I confess
that is the chief reason why I am opposed to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
because it does not regulate the management
of affairs in Virginia alone.
But on the question ofa constitutional amend-
ment the Constitution itself makes that a sub-
ject in which each separate State for itself and
for the preservation of its own rights is inter-
ested. Therefore the State of Virginia cannot
make a compact, because that is the effect of all
these conditions in fact—conpaets are binding
within the range of the Constitution with States
as well as with anybody else. Therefore, the
State of Virginia cannot make a compact with
the United States which affects inj uriously other
States of the Union whoare parties to thatcom-
pact. All gentlemen, I think, will agree that
in respect to constitutional amendments each
State acts in its separate and sovereign capacity,
and has a right to give or withhold its sovereign
andindependent consent without regard to what
the public will may be, as expressed in either
of the two Houses of Congress, or both. So
that these amendments which are now proposed,
both thatof the Senatorfrom Missouri and that
of the Senator from Massachusetts, it seems to
me are objectionable, chiefly for the reason, in
a legal sense, that although we may impose condi-
tions upon States by way of conpact when we ad-
mit them, or by way of conpact at any other time,
if they will agree to them, we cannot do so when
those conditions stand in the face of the Consti-
tution itself which governs us all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri seems to object to the silence
observed on this side of the Chamber with ref-
erence to the measure now before the Senate,
I confess that I, for one, have observed silence
heretofore from various considerations and in-
fluences. It has been a melancholy spectacle to
me ever since this subject has been before the
Senate to see Senators, one half of whom nearly
would have had no right to seats on this floor
had it not been for the action of Virginia, seri-
ously considering the question whether Vir-
ginia, truly and in fact the mother of States,
should_ have a representation on this floor—
Virginia, through whose action, sir, you are
entitled to sit there as Presiding Officer of the
Senate,_ coming from territory which was a
concession from the bounty of Virginia. Sen-
ators from the great northwest, Senators from
territories ceded by Virginia, are solemnly de-
liberating whether Virginia, more than their
mother, more than their grandmother, should
be entitled to a voice in the deliberations of
this Government. Yes, sir, it has come to that.
Great, glorious, noble old \irginia, from whom
American statesmen have learned everything
that is worth knowing in reference to the his-
tory, the organization, and the powers of this
Government, has been reduced so low as to be-
come a beggar in this council Chamber of the
nation, which her wise statesmen, more than
any others, created. She is begging to par- •
ticipate in the councils of the nation with you,
representatives of the soil which she bounte-
ously gave to the Federal Government. I say,
sir, it is calculated to fill the human heart with
sadness to behold such a spectacle as this be-
ing enacted in the council Chamber of the
nation.
But, Mr. President, I will not indulge in
this train of remark. I rose simply to point
out another objection to the proposed amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts) [Mr. Wilsox.] It seems that this
amendment has been agreed upon in the other
branch of Congress, and has been laid upon
our tables. I call the attention of tho honor-
able oenator now to one provision of his amend-
ment, and ask k}ra t0 vjew jj; caim}y jri the
l'£>ht of the Constitution of the United States,
which to my surprise I find appealed to by our
