1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
friends on the other side. Yes, sir; the Con-
stitution of the United States has been appealed
to by gentlemen who are now engaged in a work
for which, I humbly submit, 110 recognition or
authority can be found in that great instrument.
Bat, sir, since they will talk of the Constitution
of the United States while thus deliberately, I
will not say intentionally, violating its provis-
ions, but in effect violating them, let me call
the attention ol the honorable Senator to one
of the provisions of his amendment:
Sec. 2. And he it further resolved, That the choice
ot United States Senators heretofore made by said
Ueneral Assembly shall have the same validity as
if made by previous authority of law.
By the Constitution of the United States
each Etouse is the judge, not only of the qual-
ifications, but of tlie election of its own mem-
bers. The Senate are to determine whether
Senators are entitled to seats here under any
valid law, and they alone are to determine that
fact. Senators, have you become so unmind-
ful of your own rights and the dignity of your
own body that you will even suffer the House
of Representatives to interfere with reference
to the election of your own members? You
are not capable, if you pass this amendment,
in your own opinions at least, of determining
the election of your own members. Go a
little further, then : if you are not capable of
determining in reference to the due election
of your own members, ask the wisdom of the
House of Representatives to instruct you in
reference to the qualifications of your mem-
bers. They have just as much right to do the
one as they have to do the other.
But, sir, this is not the only objection that
I have to this proposed amendment. It as-
sumes on the face of it that the Senators
already chosen fromVirginiahave been chosen
without any valid law ; for it declares—
That the choice of United States Senators here-
tofore made by said General Assembly shall have
the same validity as if made by previous authority
of law.
Thereby questioning, denying the election of
those persons so chosen to be in accordance
with law. Now, answer me this question: if
the gentlemen chosen by what I ptesume you
will say is the so-called Legislature of Virginia
have not been chosen according to law, under
a valid law, and you admit those Senators after
you have adopted this resolution, pray who has
elected, or rather who has appointed the Sen-
ators? Is it the State of Virginia? Not at
all; because the action of Virginia was anullity,
on the supposition that this section is true.
There was no valid law, according to the hy-
pothesis of the section, for the election by
Virginia of Senators to this body. You, then,
admit two men to seats upon this floor elected
under no valid, subsisting law; you designate,
you appoint them as Senators ; you give them
seats on this floor. That is not an election of
Senators by Virginia. Lt is an appointment of
Senators by—shall I say the Senate of the Uni-
ted States? No, sir; it is not even the appoint-
ment of Senators by the action of the Senate
itself; but it is an appointment to seats upon
this floor of men to act as members of the body
and as Senators by the Senate of the United
States and by the House of Representatives.
Well, sir, a great many strange things have
been done. I am prepared for this. I am not
surprised at anything of the kind. I look upon
it with admiration. The honorable Senator
from Missouri will remember, however, that
admiration has different significations. It may
be wonder, or it may be approval. Which in
this case is the admiration with which I view
it it is unnecessary to state. But it comes to
this: if you adopt this amendment the Senate
and the House of Representatives by their uni-
ted and combined action take two men who
you say by this section, in effect, have no seats
here under any action of Virginia, and the Sen-
ate, with the kind assistance and aid of the
House of Representatives, gives those gentle-
men seats upon this floor!
I know how tenderly, how dearly the honor-
able Senatorfrom Massachusetts loves the Con-
stitution of the United States, and I ask him as
a member of this body who never has, under
any circumstances or for any purpose, inten-
tionally violated its provisions, however often
have been histviolations of it in fact, to consider
now this section in the humble light in which
I have tried to present it, and see whether he
will agree to make a seat upon the floor of the
Senate depend upon the action of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Dela-
ware describes Virginia as a venerable old
lady, the mother and grandmother of States.
Well, sir, if that be true, she ought to have
behaved herself like a respectable old lady,
and when she attempted to pull down the old
family mansion upon the heads of her chil-
dren and grandchildren it was then entirely
proper that she should have a guardian ap-
pointed to manage her affairs, or to restrain
her until such time as she should be willing to
behave herself as becomes a respectable and
venerable old lady.
The Senator refers to Republican members
quoting the Constitution of the United States
and speaking of it in favorable terms. It
seems that the friends of the Montgomery con-
stitution and their friends in the northern
States now assume to be the only friends of
the old Constitution. We claim that those who
have stood by the Constitution during the
hours of the rebellion are its true friends. We
claim that those who now so often declare
that the Constitution is violated either were
thefriendsof the Montgomery constitution or
perhaps sympathized with the friends of the
Montgomery constitution,
The amendment offered by the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts is in the nature of a substitute
not only for the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri, but for the original
bill. I propose, therefore, if it is in order, to
offer an amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There .is now
an amendment to an amendment pending. The
Senator from Missouri has moved to amend
by adding to the original bill. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend that
amendment. The original bill, however, can
be amended; but that will have to be reserved
until the question is taken on the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Then I give notice that if
that amendment shall be adopted I shall offer
the following amendment to it, which will be
i n the nature of a preamble to the original bill:
Whereas the Legislature of Virginia elected under
the reconstruction laws have in good faith ratified
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, which was a con-
dition-precedent to the representation of the State
in Congress: Therefore,
lie it resolved, &'c.
I do that for this purpose: to show that the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment in good
faith was a condition-precedent, a condition
upon which they are to be represented in Con-
gress, and if it should turn out that that ratifi-
cation was not in good faith, which would be
shown by a subsequent attempt to repeal or
rescind it, it would thus appear upon the face
of the act that the condition upon which Vir-
ginia is admitted has been violated, and then
it would be for Congress to act so as to vindi-
cate our own honor, and to vindicate the rights
of the nation, upon the violation of this con-
dition of her admission. I think that the bill
"ought to show that; and the original bill which
I believe I introduced contained these words
in the preamble, for the purpose of showing
that the ratification of this amendment, and its
ratification in good faith, (using that language,)
was the condition upon which Virginia was
admitted to representation, so as to give her
clearly to understand that being admitted upon
this condition, if it is afterward violated by
an attempt to destroy it or to impair it, it will
then be for Congress to determine what course
ought to be taken to vindicate the honor of
Congress and vindicate good faith and vindi-
cate the rights of the people of the United
States.
I am for the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri; I shall vote for it. But if
that amendment should fail I then hope that
this preamble will be adopted, that we may
clearly state to Virginia and to the world that
we admit her upon the condition that she in
good faith has ratified the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, and that any attempt afterward
to rescind that ratification will be a violation
of the very condition upon .which she is admit-
ted, and it will then be for Congress to determ-
ine what power it may have to redress that
violation or what course it will take for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana that a pre-
amble by parliamentary law must be reserved
until the question is taken on amendments to
the original bill, for the reason stated in Jef-
ferson's Manual that the preamble may require
some change if an amendment is made to the
bill.
Mr. MORTON. I simply read that for in-
formation at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understood.
Mr. MORTON. I was asked by the Sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. Waivker] in his
speech, and also privately, to answer an inter-
rogatory as to what I meant last night in ref-
erence to the power of Congress over States
after they may have been reconstructed. I will
not undertake to go into any detailed statement
ou that subject; but I will simply say that I
hold that the power of Congress does not end
with the reconstruction of a State, to use that
phrase; that if we had the power to reconstruct
we have the power to preserve that'reconstruc-
tion and to look after it; that that is a neces-
sary consequence of the power that has been
assumed by Congress in the attempt to recon-
struct the rebel States. If we admit them upon
fundamental and vital conditions, and there be
an attempt as soon as the admission is made,
when the State may suppose itself to be beyond
the roach of Congress, to violate the very terms
of her admission, and thus commit an act of
bad faith, the power of Congress is not at an
end with regard to that State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How long does he hold
that the time must be before this conclusive
evidence of bad faith upon which he would act
shall cease ? Suppose this particular Legisla-
ture should not repeal or attempt to repeal its
ratification, (because I agree with him, as wo
almost all do, that it would be an entirely
nugatory act,) but suppose, for the sake of
argument, it were otherwise, and this Legisla-
ture should not attempt to repeal it, and the
next should not, but the thing should hang,
and the amendment should not become a part
of the Constitution for five years, and then a
Legislature elected by the people of Virginia,
in the exercise of what it should think its
right, and what should turn out to be its right,
if it is possible to suppose such a thing, should
rescind, that would not be an act of bad faith,
would it ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Senator
asks me a question that it would be very diffi-
cult to answer, as to how long a time must elapse
before an act of that kind should cease to be
regarded as a breach of faith, as an act of bad
faith. Of course, Mr. President, that would
depend upon the circumstances of the case.
Now, I can refer him to an act that wcmld bo
unquestionably an act of bad faith and an act
of fraud. If the Legislature of Virginia in the
month of December should ratify almost unani-
mously the fifteenth amendment^ and, upon
being admitted in January, should in February
attempt to rescind that act, it would unques-
