1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5477
appropriation of §50,000 for that purpose, and
that has been concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
limited all these buildings to a plan and esti-
mate before they shall be commenced, and pro-
vided in every instance, where an independent
bill has been reported, that they shall be com-
pleted for the sum estimated. I think it right
and proper, if an appropriation for this build-
ing is to be made in this bill, that it shall be
ko confined ; so that the expense shall not
exceed the amount appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 25,
after line five hundred and twenty-eight, I
move to insert the following:
j:'or an iron fence, and paving and improving
:uound franklin square, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 26,
line six hundred and twelve, I move to insert
t lie following:
Provided, That an act entitled ''An act to amend
'.lie charter of the Washington Gas-Liglit Company,"
ppproveil January 30,1805, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed.
I only desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ile to this subject. During the war the price
i/f gas was raised up to four dollars per one
thousand feet, with a discount of ten per cent.
It has remained so ever since the close of the
war, except a slight reduction in 1809, .although
the price of coal has gone down and is nearly
us low now as it was prior to the war. AVe
have unquestionably paid the gas company of
this city $100,000, oratleasta large sum above
what would have been a fair price for the gas
consumed by the Government.- The amount
consumed by the Government has heretofore
been very largo. It is somewhat diminished
now, as the city pays for some of the streets or
avenues that we were formerly in the habit of
lighting.
Mr. CONKLING. Has it not been reduced
twice?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has bean
reduced onee.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 think we have reduced
it twice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They do not
even charge as much as they are allowed by
law to charge. There is no reason why it
should be charged at present rates in compari-
son with the price of the raw material. I know
that every Senator has been importuned by an
officer of the other House—a very respectable
man—who is an agent of this company; and
t-enatois will have drop-lights given them ; and
if they have houses in this city, they have
perhaps some consideration given to them in
i elation to their gas. But it seems to mo that
it is manifestly just and proper that we should
return to the price of gas in 18G2. If this
amendment should be adopted it will leave
the law so that they will get 
Mr. PQMEROY. Who is the man to whom
the Senator refers? I never saw him.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Bailey. Under
this amendment they will get over $2 50 from
the Government and about twenty-five cents
more from the citizens of the District for every
thousand feet of gas. We have repealed the
tax on gas ; and I trust this amendment will
be allowed to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. All I know is that gas
is as cheap here as it is anywhere else. It is
certainly as cheap as in any place I have ever
lived. I do not see any reason why wa should
change it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it an act
of justice, perhaps, to the company, that I
should state some facts which have been fur-
nished us, and which are to be found probably
upon the desk of each Senator. From the
statements of the company, giving a compara-
tive estimate of the price of gas in Washington
and in other large places in the country, and
other corresponding cities as to population, it
will be seen that the price of ga3 in this city is
not above the average price in the country. It
i3 stated to be something below it. In this
statement I find the following :
" The tax bill now before Congress takes off the
tax on gas. This will redneo the gas per one thou-
sand feet to three dollars."
If Senators tako an interest in-this question,
the facts may be seen in theslip of paper which
lies on the desk, I suppose, of each Senator;
one has been handed to me. I of course
have not the means of knowing whether this
proposition would be just or not. I under-
stand that tie repeal of the amendatory act of
1SG5 would reduce the price of gas to $2 GO.
Now, if you add to that the tax, which is
twenty-five cents per thousand feet, that would
make the net price of gas to the company
$2 25. As I said before, I have no means of
knowing whether this proposition is just or not;
but it occurs to me that it would bo ver.y severe
on the company. 1 ask the Senator from Ver-
mont whether i am right in supposing that if
this repeal takes effect it will reduce the price
of gas to, $2 50 per thousand feet, and deduct-
ing the Government tax of twenty-five cents
per thousand feet, leaving it $2 25 per thou-
sand feet, a lower price than it ought to be?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, I think it will
remit them to $2 80 per thousand feet for gas
furnished the Government and three dollars
for that furnished to the people of the District.
Mr. SHERMAN. How would it be under
the old law, which you propose to revive?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is more than
that; but they do not tako even what they are
allowed to take by law. They make a larger
discount.
Mr. SHERMAN". What is the amount
allowed by the old law, which you propose
to revive?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Vermont will allow me, the statement
the company has furnished me is this :
"It mily be proposed to repeal the act of January
30,1805, and thus cosnpel the gas company to furnish
gas at tho price of July 11,1802, namely; to United
States per one thousand feet, §2 52; to citizens, $2 70."
I submit to the Senator from Vermont that
if the tax of twenty-five cents per thousand
feet bo taken from that it reduces the price of
gas to the Government to a very low figure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I under-
stand it, the present figures are four dollars
per thousand, and ten per cent, off for the Gov-
ernment and five per cent, off for individuals.
Mr. SHERMAN. What would be the price
under the law you refer to?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. What it was
in 1862, $2 52 and $2 70.
Mr. SHERMAN. They would have to pay
the tax?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
repealed the tar.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the, tax on gas is
still retained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are
allowed to add that by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that if the rate is now fixed
by law they would not be allowed to add the
tax.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I am willing
to allow them to charge it, if they are not
allowed to do so now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know myself the
price to which they should be limited.
Mr. SCOTT. I hold in my hand a state-
ment which purports to give the state of this
question. As 1 understand the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, it will
repeal the act of 18G5 and bring us back to the
law of 18G2, which would fix the price of gas
consumed by the Government at $2 77 per
thousand feet. Now it is manifest that there
are other considerations that enter into this
question. Coal in 18G2 was delivered at this
point at a much less price than it is now. Those
of us who have had any experience in buying
Cumberland coal know that we paid nine dol-
lars per ton during this winter fcjr it. - Labor
of course is higher, because neither labor nor
coal has got back to the standard of 1862. The
gas company, according to this statement, are
charging only three dollars per thousand feet,
and yet this repeal would send them back to
$2 77. Surely it ought not to be brought lower
than the sum. they are now charging, three dol-.
lars per thousand feet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment for the present.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the last
section of the bill, on page 48, line ten, by in-
serting after the word " narrowed" the words
"or arched and converted into a sewer;" so
that the clause will read :
Are hereby appointed a commission, who shall cause
the Washington city canal, either in whole or in part, '
to bo dredged, or, if deemed best, dredged and nar-
rowed or arched and converted into a sewer.
This matter was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and we have had
the reports of engineers and of scientific gen-
tlemen, and we have had the evidence of citi-
zens who are interested, who live along and
around the canal, and in other parts of the city,
before the committee. There are various pro-
jects fortheimprovementofthecanal. Oneisto
dredge the canal and leave it as it is. Another
is to dredge it and narrow it; and the third is
what I propose here, to convert it into a sewer.
This section provides for a commission who
shall have authority to determine the question
of dredging or narrowing, but it excludes them
from determining upon the oilier question. I
simply put in these words so that thecommia-
sion shall have the three propositions before
them instead of two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to further
amend that section by striking out all after the
words just inserted, in the following words :
And for ihe purpose of making this improvement
the corporate authorities of theeity of Washington
are hereby authorized and directed to levy and col-
lect a tax of $100,000 upon all taxable property in
said city, for defraying part of tho expenses thereof,
and the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of defraying in part the
expenses of the same; and out of any moneys aris-
ing from the sale of any real estate, should any take
plaee belonging to said canal, the Government shall
first bo indemnified for any moneys hereby appro-
priated ; the improvements aforesaid to bo paid for
at the rate of one third by the Government and two
thirds by the city as the work progresses, and the
total expenditure not to exceed the amount herein
provided for.
The effect of my motion is precisely this:
this canal belongs to the canal company, and
they have certain rights appurtenant thereto.
They own the lands along the canal. This sec-
tion provides that the city of Washington shall
contribute $100,000 toward the improvement
of the canal, be it what it may, and it provides
that the Government shall contribute $50,000;
and then the words which I propose to strike
out provide that if any of the lands along the
canal—I suppose they are along the canal; it
does not say where they are—shall be sold, tho
money arising from the sales of those lands shall
be applied to the reimbursement to the Gov-
ernment of its proportion which this sectionpro-
vides it shall pay toward putting the canal in
proper condition. I think those words ought
to go out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now offer the following
amendment, to come ia as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec.—. And be it. further enactedf That an act enti-
tled *'An act to provide for the paving of Pennsylva-
nia avenue," approved July 8,1870, be.andthesamo
is hereby, so amended that the Government of the
United States shall pay the expense of paving said
avenue in front ol tho public parks to within two
feet of the r.iilroad, and also one half tho expense
imposed by said act upon the owners of private prop-
erty lying and abutting upon said avenue, and a sum
of money sufficient to defray the expenses of tho
same, and nL-o lor the expense of paving, relaying
