1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2645
say, too, that those men who were loyal to the
Government during the war, both white and
black, at this time are in a disorganized con-
dition. They have not yet had that legislation
which will enable them to protect themselves
and freely exercise the political rights and
privileges which belong to them. Sir, do we
not know that under existing circumstances it
is in the power of those who sympathized
with the rebellion i« the State of Georgia, if
an election occurs this fall, by intimidation
and threats to compel those who differ from
them to submit to'their authority? And so the
election, instead of expressing the will of the
people, will only express the will of the tyran-
nical and oppressive class who have power and
wealth and influence in that State, and are
able to control its destinies.
I propose that this Legislature shall continue
in existence so that it may enact the necessary
laws for the poor and the weak of that State,
to provide so that when an election does occur
there will be some legislation by which they
may be protected in the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise. I propose that this Legislative
Assembly shall have time to enact such militia
laws as may be necessary to enable the poor,
weak, and now defenseless people of the State
to protect themselves against the organized
bands of assassins and murderers who prowl
through different parts of the State. 1 pro-
pose to enable these people to organize a sys-
tem of schools, so that the poor and ignorant
may have some means of education established
b}r the legislation of the State. And as the
present Legislature is understood to represent
the wishes, the views, and the interests of the
weaker class, I desire that it may be contin-
ued, so that when an election occurs they will
be prepared to protect themselves, and will
be protected by the necessary legislation in
defending and maintaining their rights.
Sir, we must ignore all that we hear upon
the subject, we must reject all the information
we receive in reference to the condition of
affairs in the State of Georgia, if we do not
judge it necessary to take some steps at this
time to protect those who need protection. Is
this unusual? 1 know it may be said that this
is legislation for the Republican party; but
the Republican party in the State of Georgia
means the law and order party; it means the
men who are loyal to the Government; it
means the men upon whom this nation was
compelled to depend in the day of its danger;
and therefore this legislation cannot be stig-
matized by an assertion that it is legislation
for the Republican party. All or nearly all of
our legislation for the past three or four years
as to the rebel States has been with the same
vie*. Is it a new thing for Republicans in
Congress to legislate for the benefit of the
loyal men of the South and for their protec-
tion ? Is that a new proposition ? Are we to
be alarmed and frightened from our propri-
ety because it is said that this legislation,
if adopted, will enable the loyal men in that
State to enact such laws as are necessary for
the protection of their rights, their lives, and
their property?
Sir, I find that I am occupying too much
time, and I will conclude by saying that in my
judgment it is necessary that this question
should be decided by Congress. Two parties
in Georgia entertain different opinions of the
constitution, one party supposing that the con-
stitution means one thing and another party
another; and if Congress does not settle that
question at this time the probabilities are that
the controversy will lead to confusion and dis-
order and bloodshed; and therefore it is expe-
dient for Congress, now and here, to settle the
question. Sir, I am not afraid to take the
responsibility of saying here and elsewhere,
that if we propose to pass a law as to elections,
to take effect in Georgia after the State is ad-
mitted. let us pass it in the interest of loyal
.men and not in the interest of rebels. I think.
having the power, we have sufficient reason to
pursue this course.
And, sir, the amendment I have submitted
commends itself to the judgment of the Senate
in another respect. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] yesterday objected
to Georgia because the constitution was anti-
republican in allowing, as he construed it,
persons to perpetuate themselves in office; but
this amendment which I propose imposes a
fundamental condition upon the State, to which
the Legislature shall assent, declaring that the
constitution never shall be'construed so as to '
extend the regular term of any office. That is
the way we are to reaeh the anti-republican
feature of that constitution, if we reach it at
all. Certainly the Senator does not propose
to go back and have a new convention to
form a new constitution, for the end can be
accomplished by this fundamental condition,
and in that respect it is infinitely better than
the Bingham amendment, and that simply pro-
poses to put the present Legislature out of
power in 1870, and then abandons the State
to the power that may succeed. The e£f«>ct
of that amendment is simply to deprive the
present loyal Legislature of its existence in
1870, and turn the State over to the rebels,
and let them construe the constitution so as
to perpetuate their own power. I propose an
amendment that will put an end forever to this
controversy, and compel the Legislature of
that State so to construe its constitution as to
conform to our understanding of its meaning.
One word more, Mr. President, as to whether
or not the State of Georgia ought now to be
admitted. I insist that it is our duty at this
time, under the legislation that Congress has
heretofore adopted, to admit this State to rep-
resentation in Congress under such conditions
and limitations as in our judgment may be
necessary for the peace and welfare of the
people. I am opposed to the proposition to
remand this State back to military control. I
am in favor of admitting the State at this time.
I do not believe in any retrograde movement
or any backward step in this work of recon-
struction. Let us go forward; let us boldly
and fearlessly exercise the power that we judge
necessary for the protection of the people, and
let the day be not far distant when Senators
and Representatives from every one of the
States lately in rebellion shall occupy their
seats in Congress. Sir, that is what the peo-
ple of all parties in the State of Georgia ex-
pect. That is what the people of the United
States expect. That is what Congress and the
Administration arc committed to.
I hope that the amendment which I have sub-
mitted will be adopted, and that this bill with-
out much delay will pass. Sir, the people are
not much concerned about the details of this
act of admission. Senators seem to appre-
hend that there will be a great outcry if we
attach the amendment that I have proposed
continuing the Legislature for two years. Sir,
the people of this country will not complain,
they will know the purposes and objects of
the amendment. When it is announced that
every State has been restored to its practical
relations to the Federal Union, that the great
work that we commenced ten years ago for the
suppression of the rebellion has been com-
pleted, there will be rejoicing everywhere, and
little fault found, as I believe, with anything
we may have done for the protection of loyalty
in those States.
Mr. FERRY. I have no elaborate speech
to make upon the measure now pending before
the Senate, and the few remarks which I desire
to submit 1 may as well submit at the present
time as any other.
The Senator from Oregon, in the earlier
portions of his speech, repeatedly deprecated
the application of technical legal rules of con-
struction to the measure which is now pending ;
and in that I entirely agree with him. I would
prefer to consider the policy which we are to
adopt upon broad rules of statesmanship, ferofid
rules of what is right and what is wi-ong in the
government by the Congress of the; United
States of the whole or any part of the States
of the Union.
Now, sir, when this measure first appeared
in the House of Representatives, it appeared
as a simple act for the admission of the State
of Georgia, with the fundamental conditions
appended to it which a majority of Congress
had appended to the a'cts 'forthe admission of
other of the reconstructed States. But it soon
became obvious that under this apparently in-
nocent bill lurked a design which, in my judg-
ment, is anti republican and destructive of the
first principles upon which this Government is
founded; a design, to wit, on the part, of ibe
existing State authorities of Georgia, both ex-
ecutive and legislative, under pretense of a
doubtful clause in the constitution of that
State, to perpetuate their power for double
the period for which the people had elected
them, or even indefinitely further. So that, in
order to obviate the danger which thus exhib-
ited itself, an amendment was placed by the
House upon the bill as originally reported,
known now as the Bingham amendment, the
sole object of which was to prevent this self-
perpetuation of power on the part of the pres-
ent State authorities of Georgia.
The bill, as thus amended, passed the House
and came to this body; and we have had here
two amendments, one originally proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wtl-
sox,] and the other proposed now by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Willtams,] which
amendments have been proposed because the
simplestriking out of the'Bingham amendment
presented a scheme so repugnant to the prin-
ciples of our Government and to the conscien-
tious convictions of Senators that it was ap-
parent that in this body it could not prevail;
and yet, sir, the very object which those who
desire to perpetuate their power in Georgia
intended to accomplish by the original bill, as
it was reported from the Reconstruction Com-
mittee in the House of Representatives, is now
sought to bo accomplished by the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Oregon. For,
sir, what is this controversy? I say it is
not a controversy with respect to the power
of Congress, or with respect to the interpreta-
tion of clauses in the constitution of the State
of Georgia. It is a controversy on behalf of a
few ambitious men, who are endeavoring to
set up a usurpation of power in the State of
Georgia unparalleled in the history of this
Government. It is an effort to impose upon
the State of Georgia for the next two years an
unauthorized legislative power never chosen
by the people of that State, and confessedly
to-day repugnant to the will of the great major-
ity of that people. That was the object under-
lying the original bill as it was reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction in the House.
That was the object sought to be accomplished
by the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. That is the object, open and con-
fessed, of the amendment now proposed by the
Senator from Oregon.
If I mistake not, a few days ago, when this
measure first came into this body, and it became
apparent that upon a certain construction of
the constitution of Georgia the Legislature of
that State might perpetuate its power, the Sen-
ator from Oregon deprecated exceedingly the
exercise of any such power upon the_ part of
that Legislature; he deprecated the idea that
that body might constitute itself the legislative
authority of that State for two years longer
without a new election by the people; and yet
the very thing that he deprecated then he now
calls upon the Congress of the United States
to do. ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Igave it as my legal opin-
ion that the constitution of Georgia could not be
so construed as to perpetuate the power of the
Legislative Assembly of the State; but that in
