3590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yea, sir.
Mr. PL ATT. 1 desire to say that there was
a provision in the bill regulating the pay of
oflicers of the Army which is of great import-
ance to the old oflicera of the Army. I have
heard nothing of the same kind in the amend*
went which has been offered by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] relating to
the officers of the Navy. 1 refer to the provis-
ion giving increase of p&y for increased length
of service.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the amendment I have moved, by instruction
of the Committee on Appropriations, is exceed-
ingly liberal, and I believe that every officer
of the Navy will be satisfied with it.
Mr. PLATT. Is there any Drovision of that
kind to which I have referred in relation to
increased pay for increased length of service?
Mr. WASfiBURN, of Wisconsin. There is
nothing of the kind in this amendment.
Mr. PLATT. Then an officer who goes into
service in the Navy to-day will get the same
pay as an officer of the same grade who has
been in service for twenty years. And this
amendment does not make the pay of officers
of the Navy correspond with the pay proposed
for officers of the Army, at least in that respect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN. I regret, Mr. Chairman,
that I feel called upon by a sense of public
ilutv to oppose the amendment introduced by
the honorablegentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn.] It does not come np to the con-
ditions of the military bill. That bill provided
for retiring from service about five hundred
officers of the regular Army. There are now
in the Navy, adopting a very large estimate,
only about one thousand officers doing naval
duty. The number of those at sea and on
special service amounts to seven hundred and
fifty-two, or thereabout. It may be safely said
that there are not one thousand officers doing
naval duty. Yet pay is claimed for more than
two thousand. Now, before we undertake to
increase the pay of officers of the Navy we
should at least apply to the Navy the saroe
rule which has been applied to the Army by
the military bill; we should reduce the num-
ber of naval officers in something like a cor-
responding degree, so as to conform to the
present necessities of the public service.
I object to this amendment for another rea-
son. I hold that it is not just to this House
to spring upon us an amendment of this im-
portant character, revolutionizing the whole
system of pay in the Navy, without giving
members an opportunity to scan carefully its
provisions, that Ihey may either support or
oppose it intelligently. The grand abuse in
both branches of our service—the military and
the naval—is the number of supernumerary
officers. I showed yesterday that according to
the estimate used in the speech of my friend
from Wisconsin the officers of our Navy num-
ber about one for every three seamen. I say
that such a proportion of supernumerary offi-
cers is an outrage upon the country. It amounts
simply to plundering the tax-payers whose con-
tributions fill the national coffers. Hence I
oppose the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw my amendment, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] may renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment. I
wish to state to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] that the question before the House
is between fixed salaries specified by law for
our naval officers and a payment of uncertain
amount to be determined by the discretion of
the Secretary of the Navy. I submit to the
gentleman from Ohio that between these two
systems of payment economy and a fair regard
to the proper administration of the Navy De-
partment require us to adopt the fixed-pay
system.
The Committee on Appropriations, in report-
ing this proposition fixing the pay, have not
attempted to invade the province of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. We hope that com-
mittee will not omit to occupy themselves in
the reform and reorganization of the Navy
itself. It is not the province of the Committee
on Appropriations to undertake such reorgan-
ization. They adopt the organization of the
Navy as they find it upon the statute-book.
But as between an indefinite and discretionary
mode of payment and a system of fixed salaries,
the Committee on Appropriations believe there
can be no room for hesitation. The latter sys-
tem, I think, must receive the assent of the
gentleman from Ohio. In fixing the amounts
of pay we have followed the opinion of the
House as expressed unanimously in reorgan-
izing the Army of the United States. We have
followed the rule adopted in that bill, and
endeavored to apply it, as far as practicable,
mutatis mutandis, to the officers of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. Does this amendment propose
to cut off all allowances?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I submit to the Committee on
Appropriations whether it is not fair, where a
naval officer is ordered by the Department
from one place to another, that his actual
traveling expenses should be paid.
Mr. DAWES. This amendment does not
cut off such allowances as that. It applies to
the annual pay only. It is proper that officers
should be allowed their traveling expenses
when transferred by order of the Department
from one place to another. But we do not
deem it necessary for us to insert in this amend-
ment a specific provision on that point. If it
should turn out that by any construction naval
officers should be deprived of this allowance
the gentleman will find us ready to cooperate
with him in adopting a remedy.
Mr. HALE. That is all I wanted to know
on that point.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Ohio, when he understands the position of the
committee, will see that we do provide for a
reduction of expenses. We propose to estab-
lish a system of fixed salaries, while we leave
to the Committee on Naval Affairs the reor-
ganization of the Navy; and to that work we
urgently exhort them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
addressed to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
with reference to expenses for materials, offi-
cers, and men for the naval service, be printed
in the Globe in connection with this debate.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
The letter is as follows:
Navy Department, May 14,1870.
Sir: I beg leave to offer at this time a few sugges-
tions on the subject of the naval service and its
necessary expenses for material, and for officers and
men, which may, perhaps, throw some light upon a
subject seemingly little understood.
In the first place, let me say that there can be no
fixed proportion between the amount of expendi-
tures for material and necessary purposes and the
number of officers and men employed in the service.
The officers and men intheservico cost neither moro
nor less than the aggregate of their pay, wages, pro-
visions, and medical attendance, while the estimates
and expenditures for material purposes must vary
each year according to the actual state in which we
find the Navy material, and the condition to which
it is desirable that it should be brought, and this
can be judged by no other standard than that of the
public safety and necessity.
The Navy requirements for materials, buildings,
construction, preservation, and repair of vessels,
machinery, docks, &c., are absolute, and appropri-
ations for them are asked for because they are neces-
sary for material purposes, be the number of men in
the service larger or smaller, just as the Army re-
quirements for fortifications, <fcc., are considered
needful, and are 'estimated for, whether the Army
by increased or diminished.
The unexpended balances of appropriations, vary-
ing from time to time, make, of necessity, a corre-
sponding difference in the estimates and in the ap-
propriations called for. This difference is likely to
lead a careless observer into mistake, but the differ-
ence in the situation is easily understood. For
instance, there being on hand for Army ordnance
an unexpended balance of $8,000,000, no further
appropriation for that purpose is asked for; the
Navy urdnancc 'having no unexpended balancc on
hand, asks lor something more than a million. But
it would be a mistake to infer from these f.i.Hs th.it
the Navy is either more expensive or less econom-
ical than the Army.
It is constantly alleged as matter of complaint
that there are too many naval officers in the mtvh-c,
especially of the higher grades, and that the number
of officers in these grades is larger than it was belore
the war.
This complaint is founded on error of both fact and
opinion.
As matter of fact, the average nuinberof officers of
the three highest grades, captains, commanders, and
lieutenants, for 185S, 1859, and 1800, on the active list,
was fivo hundred and eighteen.
On the 1st of January, 1870, the number of officers
of the eight highest grades on the active li.-.t w.is
four hundred and twenty-one, or ninety-nine less
than before the war.
The proportion of officers on the active list to the
necessities of the service, with the existing number
and classes of vessels, is about right.
Our naval organizations are small, and in service
are largely separated from and independent of <-ach
other. Bach organization, however small, must be
complete in itself for every purpose of service, with
its complement of offioers sufficient in number and
experience for every kind of duty and respons-
ibility.
More than one half of the officers on tho active list
are now actually at sea; but they cannot—no officer
oan or should—remain always at sea. The efficiency
of the service and common humanity alike require
that they should have regular relief from their dis-
tant and dangerous duties. But if this were other-
wise, still they must come home in the ships which
carried them out, because the seamen are enlisted
for only three years, and must be returned to the
United States for discharge, and their officers must
come with them.
There are, however, other reasons why all the
officers cannot be kept always at sea.
They are needed for shore duty, duty required by
law, duty as essential to the efficiency, good order,
and safety of the Navy as is sea service itself.
Ships are neither built nor manned nor armed nor
equipped nor largely repaired at sea. All the busi-
ness connected with the building, preserving, and
repairing of war vessels, with recruiting and enlist-
ing men, with providing ordnance, means for nav-
igation, equipment, provisions, clothing, medicines,
hospitals, &c., must be attended to on land. Hence
the necessity of navy-yards and neval stations, and
an adequate number of officers and men to manage,
conduct, and protect them.
The education of cadet midshipmen requires its
quota of both officers and vessels.
Courts-martial and courts of inquiry,oomposed of
commissioned officers, as required by law, are as in-
dispensable in administering naval law and justice
as are civil courts in civil affairs.
Boards of examination and retiring boards are re-
quired by law, and boards of survey and inspection
are a constant convenience and necessity.
Officers are also constantly required and employed
on other important duty not connected with the sev-
eral squadrons; some in acquiring a knowledge of the
signal code; some, under requirements of law, on
the Light-House Board, with the Coast Survey, the
Observatory and Hydrographic Office; some, in obe-
dience to resolutions of Congress, in making sound-
ings for telegraphic cables, and some in exploring
the routes of the great interoceanic eanal.
Officers of competent rank, knowledge, and expe-
rience are required for all these duties, alike by the
necessities ot the service and the provisions of exist-
ing laws.
Whether they are engaged in active duty or wait-
ing orders, justice and sound policy concur in requir-
ing, what existing laws also require, that tho pay of
naval officers shall to some extent continue. If this
were not common justice, it would be at least com-
mon prudence. No maritime and naval Power has
ever been, or ever will be, guilty of the folly of turn-
ing its naval officers adrift the moment their cruise
is ended.
Navy officers fit for important commands require
the training and experience of years, and cannot bo
obtained at a moment's notice, nor be called into
existence by proclamation, any more than cani ships,
dock-yards, arsenals, orordnanco. none of which can
be legislated into being, even upon the spur of rebel-
lion or invasion.
It must not be forgotten that a ship of war, armed,
equipped, manned, and officered for efficient service,
is the combined result of much labor, skill, science,
training, discipline, and experience, produced by slow
processes, and organized with care.
We are claiming to be a great naval Power; and
yet, while the necessity for a naval force commensu-
rate with our commerce and rapidly extending ter-
ritory and trade becomes daily more and more urgent,
we are apparently forgetful of or indifferent to tho
fact that ships and naval organizations cannot bo
extemporized like regiments, but are, as I have said,
tho growth and product of long-continued industry
and skill.
I beg leave to remark, in this connection, that mer-
chant steamers, whether of iron or wood, built as they
now are in this country, can be of little valuein time
of war, except as privateers. As such they would ba
terriblo foes to the enemy's commerce. But they
cannot oncountcr war ships, for they are not built to
carry heavy batteries nor to resist the action ot heavy
shotor shell. While, therefore, they would for many
purposes form avaluableauxiliaryof our force, they
cannot be relied on as the main body of the Navy.
If we are to have a navy, if our naval vessels are
expected to encounterhostile ship^. we must, as for-
merly, have ships of corresponding eizo and force to
