1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
an executive or judicial officer of any State to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and afterward engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemie3 thereof; so help me God," or
under the pains and penalties of perjury, (as
the case may be;) or such person shall in like
manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath or affirmation: "I,    , do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have, by act
of Congress of the United States, been relieved
from the disabilities imposed upon me by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States; so help me God," or under
the pains and penalties of perjury, (as the case
may be;) which oaths or affirmations shall be
taken before and certified by any officer law-
fully authorized to administer oaths. And any
person who shall knowingly swear or affirm
falsely in taking either of such oaths or affirm-
ations Bhall be deemed guilty of perjury, and
shall be punished therefor by imprisonment
not less than one year, and not more than ten
years, and shall be fined not less than $1,000,
and not more than $10,000. And in all trials
for any violation of this act the certificate of
the taking of either of said oaths or affirma-
tions, with proof of the signature of the party
accused, shall be taken and held as conclusive
evidence that such oath or affirmation was reg-
ularly and lawfully administered by competent
authority. Every such person who shall neglect
for the period of thirty days next after the
passage of this act to take, subscribe, and file
such oath or affirmation as aforesaid is to be
deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes,
to have vacated his office.
It is further declared that the State of Georgia
is admitted to representation in Congress as one ,
of the States of the Union upon the following
fundamental conditions: fir3t, that the consti-
tution of Georgia shall never be so amended
or changed as to deprive any citizen or class
of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are entitled to vote by the consti-
tution herein recognized, except as a punish-
ment for such crimes as are now felonies at
Common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable
to all the inhabitants of said State; provided,
that any alteration of said constitution, pros-
pective in its effects, may be made in regard
to the time and place of residence of voters.
Second, that it shall never be lawful for the
said State to deprive any citizen of the United
States on account of his race, color, or previ-
ous condition of servitude, of the right to hold
office under the constitution and laws of said
State, or upon any such ground to require of
him any other qualifications for office than such
as are required of all other citizens. Third,
that the constitution of Georgia shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citi-
zen or class of citizens of the Unitei States of
the school rights and privileges secured by the
constitution of said State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, although this bill is precisely similar
to those heretofore passed with reference to Mis-
sissippi and Virginia, yet let me carefully call
the attention of the House to its provisions,
because it has been, inside and outside of the
House, the subject of very considerable discus-
sion already. In order that the House may
accurately appreciate the legal condition of
Georgia, I pray members to bear with me while
I state the exact condition of the law of the
case as it stands to-day.
Georgia, like the other southern States, was
attempted to be reconstructed by Andrew John-
son. A Legislature, together with the whole
machinery of civil government, was set up
therein. The Thirty-Ninth Congress found it
necessary to pass an act to which I will call
the attention of the House. It was passed on
if i °/-^arc^' 18^7. I need not read the
whole of its provisions. After abrogating all
those governments set up by Andrew Johnson,
and providing for the organization of the State
government of Georgia anew, it went on to
enact that which I will read, because upon its
terms turns largely the case of Georgia :
" Sec. 6. And fae it farther enacted. That until the
people of said rebel S'ates shall be by ltiw admitted
to represen tation in the Congress of the U nited State3
any civil governments which may exist therein shall
be deemed provisional only, and in all respects sub-
ject to the paramount authority of the United States
at any time to abolish, modify, control, or supersede
the same."
The bill further remits Georgia and the other
southern States to a condition of military dis-
tricts, and puts them under the control of the
General of the Army, who allowed only such
civil officers as he pleased to exercise authority
in either of the late revolted States. Such was
the condition also of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Florida, and Alabama. Of Texas
and Mississippi I need not now speak.
On the 25th of June, 1868, Congress passed
an enabling act which provides as follows:
"Whereas the people of North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida,
have, in pursuance of the provisions of an act en-
titled 'An act for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed March 2,1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections held for the ratification or
rejection of the same: Therefore.
"Jieit enacted by the Senate and Haute of Representa-
tive* of (he United States of America in Cbngreea aasem ■
bled. That each of these States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida shall be entitled and admitted to represent-
ation in Congress as a State of the Union wnen the
Legislature of such Stato shall have duly ratified the
amendment to tho Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, upon the following fundamental
conditions."
Then follow the conditions.
"Provided, That any alteration of said constitution
may be made with regard to the time and place of
residence of voters; and tho Stato of Georgia"—
Singling her out—
"shall only be entitled and admitted to representa-
tion upon this further fundamental condition: that
the first and third subdivisions of section seventeen
of tho fifth article of the constitution of said State,
except the proviso to the first subdivision, shall be
nail and void, and that the General Assembly of said
State by solemn public act shall declare the assent
of the State to the foregoing fundamental condition."
The third section provides—
"That the first section of this act shall take effect
as to each State except Georgia"—
It will be observed that Georgia is excepted,
; segregated from the others, set apart until—
" when such State shall, by its Legislature, duly ratify
article fourteen of the amendments to tho Constitu-
tion of the United States, proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and as to the State of Georgia when
it shall in addition give the assent of said State the
fundamental condition hereinbefore imposed upon
the same." j
Louisiana. Alabama, Florida, North and
South Carolina did all that was required of
them and came here and presented themselves
to each House of Congress by their duly ap-
pointed delegates, and each House of Congress,
after full examination, admitted those delegates
to seats as Representatives to either branch of
the Congress of the United States; and when I
that was done the President of the United States
ordered the military commanders to turn over
the civil governments to the officers elected
by the people in the several States. Georgia,
however, stood in a different attitude. When
Georgia came to the House by her delegates
asking for seats, we were informed on the 25th
of July, 1868, that after the passage of the
enabling act, i. e., in thirty days, she had done
all that was required of her; that she had or-
ganized a Legislature nnder the Constitution
and under the law; that with such a legal Le-
gislature, so legally organized and so com-
posed of members who had a right to sit therein,
she had ratified the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution and given her consent to the
fundamental conditions upon which alone she
was to be admitted; that she had modified
her own constitution as we had required, and
done all other acts necessary to her admission.
Upon that assurance, on the 25th of July Mr.
Dawes, chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report to this House from his
committee, as follows. I read from the Con-
gressional Globe, volume sixty-nine, pages
4471 and 4472:
" Mr. Dawes reported: I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report back tho resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Georgia ratifying the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution,
with the recommendation that they be filed in the
State Department.
"It was ordered accordingly." * * * *
" Mr. Dawes. I ain instructed by the Committeo
of Elections to report back tho credentials of J. W.
Clift and C. H. Prince, members-elect from the Stato
of Georgia. That State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other re-
spects having conformed to the requirements of law
in regard to the admission of that State, these gentle-
men will take tho oaths prescribed by tho act of J uly
2, 1862.
"The report was agreed to.
"Mr. J. VV. Clift and Mr. C. H. Prince accordingly
appeared and were duly qualified by taking the oaths
prescribed by the act of July 2,1862."
And these gentlemen were a part only of the
delegation of Georgia admitted to their seats.
Afterward persons claiming to be Senators
from Georgia presented themselves to the Sen-
ate and asked to be admitted as such, and
thereupon their credentials were referred to
the Judiciary Committee of that body. The
Law Committee of the Senate thereupon pre-
sented their case to that body, according to the
report which I hold in my hand, as follows:
"The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the credentials of Joshua Hill, claiming to
be Senator-elect from Georgia, beg leave to submit
the following report:
"The credentials referred to your committee are
in the usual form, and if the State of Georgia is en-
titled to representation in Congress, Mr. Hill ought
to be permitted to take his seat."
Therefore, the whole question in reference to
th# right of Mr. Hill to a seat turned, not upon
the regularity of his election, but upon the
question whether the State of Georgia was
entitled to representation in Congress. Then
the committee go on to say:
"The right of Mr. Hill (if regularly elected) to a
seat in the Senate depends upon three important
considerations :
"Firet. Did the Legislature of Georgia, regularly
organized in accordance with the Constitution of
the United States, the laws of Congress, and tho
constitution of Georgia, duly ratify the fourteenth
amendment and comply with the various conditions
imposed by the act of June 25,1868?
' Second. Have the Legislature and people of
Georgia, subsequent to such compliance with said
acta of Congress, committed such acts of usurpation
and outrage as to place the State in a condition unfit
to^barepresented in Congress?
" Third. Whether, on the whole ease, taking the
actionofGeorgia both before and since the pretended
ratification of the fourteenth amendment, a civil
government has been established in that State which
Congress ought to recognize ?
"These questions must be answered by the law and
the facts."
Whereupon the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate go on and elaborately argue, (citing
exhibits and documents,) these questions in
reference to the law and facts so stated. They
conclude their report in the very cogent and
important result, as follows:
"Wherefore your committeo feel called upon to
recommend that Mr. Hill be not allowed to take a
seat in the Senate for the reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress, and snbmit
the accompanying resolution:
"Retolved, That Joshua Hill, claiming to be a Sen*
ator-elect from Georgia, ought not now to be per-
mitted to take a seat in this body."
That resolution was laid on the table, under
the rule in the Senate, for further consideration,
and not, as is done here, to indicate its rejec-
tion. This report was made January 25, 1869,
and was the final action of the Senate upon
the right of Georgia to representation therein
then submitted.
Last spring, in the beginning of this Con-
gress, induced by the arguments of the gen-
tleman from Ohio j Mr. Bingham] and other
gentlemen npon this floor, who declared that.
Georgia was all right, that she wafc fully and
properly reconstructed, that she would finally
comeoutof her troubles and illegal and revolu-
tionary condition like gold from the fire, we
took no action whatever to provide for restora-
tion of legal and proper government there, but
postponed the consideration of her case to allow
the fulfillment of these prophecies. As soon
as Congress adjourned, however, «ie loyal peo-
