1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5479
very much like this appropriation. But out
of appreciation of the interest which my hon-
orable friend has taken in these bills, and the
aid which I have received from him from time
to time, I hope the Senate will indulge him in
this particular, although I wish him to under-
stand that he has not taken the precaution of
giving me ^notice of this amendment. I ask,
therefore, unanimous consent to consider the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no point of
order is made upon it, of course the Chair
makes none. The question is on agreeing to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer an amendment
to this bill. It is to offer as an additional sec-
tion the following:
,Sf.c.—. And be it further enacted. That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby, authorized
and directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
building, fire-proof, at Littlo Bock, Arkansas, for
the accommodation of the custom-house, post office,
United States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue offices, and for this purpose there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, $100,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of tho Treasury,
who shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made el' author-
ized for the full completion of said building beyond
tho amount herein appropriated: Provided, That no
money hereby appropriated shall bo used or applied
for the purposes mentioned until a valid title to tho
land for the sito of such building shall be vested in
theUnited States, and until tho State shall also duly
release and relinquish to tho United States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site, or the property
of the United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or l-omain the
owner thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention was
called away for a moment. I do not know whore
that is to come in.
Mr. RICE. As an additional section; for a
Government building at Little Rock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. From what com-
mittee does it come?
Mr. RICE. It is recommended by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
has once before passed tho Senate. There is
no objection to it that I know of, except that
it is not in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. I have a bill in the same
language exactly as that of the Senator from
Arkansas, and reported by the same commit-
tee, which might be acted upon now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But I have the floor. That
makes the difference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senatorfrom
Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
oil page 30, line eight hundred and sixty-two,
by striking out "twenty-five" and inserting
'•forty," so as to make the appropriation for
surveying the public lands in Oregon $10,000.
1 will say that I have a letter from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, specially
recommending this addition to the amount con-
tained in the bill, which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations; and there is an
imperative necessity for the increase of this
appropriation.
The State of Oregon is a large State, with
a vast quantity of agricultural lands, and the
population is rapidly increasing. There are
complaints in all parts of the State as to the
inadequacy of the appropriations for surveys.
1 hope there will be no objection to this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer tho following amend-
ment to be inserted on page 1C>, alter line three
hundred and seventy-four:
For the erection of a public building in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, for the use of the custom-
house and other civil officers of tho Government ot
tho United States, $300,000: Provided, That the au-
thorities of tho city of St. Louis shall donate to the
United States, by a proper instrument of conveyance,
to be accepted by theSocretary of the Treasury, alot
of ground in said city of suitable dimensions and
! i nil v located: And provided further, That, the
State ol Missouri shall cede to the United States
jurisdiction over the lot donated, and release and
relinquish to tho United States the right to tax or in
any way to assess said site or tho property of the
United States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof. •
I will simply remark that the erection of a
building for these purposes has been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury as
absolutely necessary, and that the United
States district judge has certified that it is im-
possible for him to hold court any longer in the
building which now exists there. It was built
twenty years ago, and is entirely inadequate for
the purposes for which it is used.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator if the proposition comes from any com-
mittee ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Prom the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state, with regard to
this amendment, that there is one very good
reason why it should be adopted. The ground
now occupied, that cost the Government $37,-
000, if you take the building off it to-day will
sell for $150,000 at least, and the Government
can very well afford to put up a new building
in St. Louis when it can dispose of the old
one at so high a rate as they can sell that one
for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by adding this proviso:
Provided, That tho total cost of tho building shall
not cxceed the amount herein appropriated: and
estimates and plans shall bo approved by the Post-
mastor General and tho Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, exactly in the language
of the proposition reported from the committee
in relation to the Little Rock, Arkansas, post
office:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tho
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized mid di-
rected to cause to be constructed asuitable building,
fire-proof, at Leavenworth, Kansas, for the accom-
modation of the post office, theUnited States courts,
land a,nd revenue offices, and for this purpose there
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $150,000, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and estimates
to bo made, so tha.t no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said building
beyond the amount herein appropriated: Provided,
That no money hereby appropriated shall be used
or applied to tho purposes mentioned until a valid
title to the land for tho site of such building shall be
vested in tho United States, and until the State shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or in any way assess said :-ue, or the
property of the United States that, may be thereon
during tho time that the United States shall bo or
remain the owner thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
will be possible to arrest the attention of tho
Senate long enough to have them see what we
are doing. Senators are rising here one at a
time from their respective States and asking
appropriations of $50,000, $100,000, $200,000,
and $300,000 for public buildings, and the Sen-
ate is passing them one after another. Here is
one for a public building at Leavenworth, in
Kansas, for United States courts and other
purposes. Why, Mr. President, there is no
United States court held at Leavenworth. You
are building a house to accommodate the courts
when there is no court held there.
Mr. POMEROY. For the reason that there
is no place to hold it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator
means to have a court there. That is one way
to go on ! I have stood up here in the Senate
against this class of appropriations and this
multiplication of courts until I have found my-
self overruled, and I do not know that I sought
again t't> appeal to the Senate or take any ol its
time.
Until tho present session of Congress there
has been but one judicial district in the United
States divided into two sub-districts, with mar-
shals and attorneys, and 1 supposed the Judi-
ciary Committee would sat its face against them
this session ; but I found that the Semite and
the committee gave way, and now I think there
are various propositions before the Senate. One
bill has passed dividing Wisconsin : there is a
bill to divide Kentucky; there is a bill to divide
Tennessee^ there is a bill to divide Virginia;
there is a bill to divide Iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. The Iowa bill has passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a bill to divide
Louisiana; there is a bill to divide California.
After you have got a new court, your judge,
your marshal, your attorney, then comes the
court-house. My friend from Kansas begins
at the other end of the line with his court-house,
and he is going to have the judge by and by.
Mr. POMEROY. It is for a post office also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A court-house and post
office. The Government has never yet under-
taken to build post office buildings through-
out the country, except in a few instances, in
great cities like New York, Philadelphia, and
Boston.
Mr. POMEROY. Chicago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Chicago has no post
office by itself. The Government building at
Chicago contains the custom-house, post office,
and court-house altogether. We have a cus-
tom-house, a court-house, and post office in
one building.
Mr. POMEROY. At Springfield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The United States courts
have met at Springfield ever since the State
government was established, nearly forty years
ago, so that we have a court there. It is not
a parallel case to this at all. If Congress is
disposed to do this, and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations allows this to go
on, I consider that I have done my duty, both
to the Senate and the country, in calling atten-
tion to it again ; and if that is the policy, every
Senator can see to what it will lead. In my
judgment these amendments ought not to pre-
vail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am disposed to aid the
Senator from Illinois in this case. I have been
at Leavenworth often. It is a very beautifuland
growing city ; but there is no more need of a
building of this kind there than in any one of
a thousand other cities and towns in the United
States. There is no United States court held
there, and onght to be none, because Topeka,
the capital of the State, is within two hours'
ride by railroad, and in direct connection with
Leavenworth. Topeka is the capital of the
State where the public offices are, and as a
matter of course it would be unwise to have a
court-house at Leavenworth for the United
States courts.
There is no longer any occasion to have
offices for internal revenue purposes, because
those officers will be mostly abolished in two
years, probably; and under the present legis-
lation of this session they will be reduced
probably by dispensing with three fourths of
them. Perhaps there will be only one place in
Kansas where a revenue office will be required,
and that probably will be found most conven-
ient to locate in Topeka.
As to a post pflice, as the Senator from Illi-
nois has said, the United States have not at-
tempted to build post offices except where they
are compelled to Imild other public buildings,
as court-houses. In such cases they have pro-
vided a post office in the same building, in the
great cities. My theory, and I presume it is
the correct one, of the reason whv tho Senator
from Maine, who has charge of this bill, does
not oppose these amendments is that it is just
as idle to put on these appropriations upon this
bill as it is to do anything else that is absurd.
The IIouso of Representatives, we know very
well, will not agree to these amendments. They
have by their action on other appropriation bills
shown an indisposition to engage m the build-
ing of public buildings. Therefore, this is
rather a gratification of the desire of a Senator
to show his good will to his neighborhood, or
to the city in which he lives, or to the princi-
