187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3591
meet them, as well as officers and seamen equal in
training and skill with those of the enemy.
Meanwhile it would undoubtedly be a wise econ-
omy in time of peace to use, as far as possible, small
vessels in the service, as these may bo employed with
small crews, and distributed more widely would ful-
fill, with the small force allowed, more nearly the
requirements of the naval service.
But we have very few small ships worth repairing;
and thusthe force allowed is nowconcentrated, more
than should be the case, in the larger ships, and at
remote points.
But assuredly this is not the fault of the Adminis-
tration. Let the needful means and authority be
given, and proper ships of each class will follow as
soon as industry and skill can produce them.
There is some suggestion that we have too many
navy-yards along our coasts. But all naval prepar-
ation must have regard to the needs of war as well
as of peaoe. Should we engage in a maritime war
the folly of having but one naval station on a long
lino of Atlantic coast would, I think, become evident
to the most careless observer. Wo should then find
the need of yards in favorable situations in order to
multiply facilities in different latitudes for tho shel-
ter and for the building, repairing, and fitting out
of ships, and for the defense of our maritime towns
and harbors.
One of the most pressing present needs is for more
dry-docks. If these be denied, and we are to have
no permanent improvements in our yards on the
Atlantic and Gulf coasts, we should, at least, have
the means and authority to build a floating dock
which could, if need be, go to sea and be sent to Key
West or some other convenient point to savo the ex-
pense of time and money consumed by sending every
ship that needs repair, however slight, to some north-
ern yard. Such a dock would savo its cost in a single
year.
Building material should also be stored up, par-
ticularly timber, for seasoning, (of which not astick,
not a knee, is now on hand.) and tho building of
powerful cruising ships should be commenced as
soon as the material can be procured.
We require also to be provided with heavy ord-
nance. with guns equal to any that can be found in
European naval batteries.
Naval guns of large caliber, e. the eleven or
fifteen inch guns, have been proved to be among the
best, if not the very best, yet produced. Not one has
ever burst in action. The mnzzles of two of them
were broken off at the bombardment of Fort Fisher;
not. however, from any weakness in the guns, but
because they fitted too tightly in the port-holes, and
could not stand the consequent vibration. They
have always stood the extreme test of constant
firing.-
Guns of this character are produced slowly, and
should be cast and in readiness for use as rapidly as
circumstances will permit.
The submarine torpedo was found during the late
rebellion to bo of immense importance for both
offensive and defensive purposes. Torpedoes and
torpedo schools and practice have been already
adopted Into European naval service, and we must
keep pace with them and be prepared to use, as well
as to encounter, this new and formidable instrument
of warfare. A wise economy requires that adequate
means be provided for this purpose.
I have made these brief suggestions, most of them
already alluded to in my annual report, and all of
them lying on the surface of the subject, for the pur-
pose of representing some of the necessities of the
naval service, and of answering some of the most
common mistakes of those who are in the habit of
complaining of its administration and expenses.
I do not expect to satisfy those, if any such there
be, who wish to be discontent, but only those who
desire that the power of our Government shall be
recogniied abroad andits dignity maintained, and
that the spirit of our institutions shall be felt for
good on foreign shores. Such I would respectfully
remind that while our nation, proud and progressive,
with a long coast line, an enterprising people, and
large commercial interests, must constantly accept
foreign relations, obligations, and duties the most
important anrl difficult, and sometimes dangerous,
we are yet without adequate means of illustrating
onr principles or of enforcing a foreign policy.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. G. W. Scofield, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affain, House of llepresenlatives.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have not given my
attention closely to the details of this bill, and
I do not rise for tlie purpose of discussing them.
My object is rather to put in a general dis-
claimer of sympathy with the purposes which
appear to actuate many gentlemen in connec-
tion with this bill. When, the other day, the
rules were suspended and all special" orders
postponed in order to allow the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to bring forward
the business intrusted to his hands, it was with
me a matter of wonder whether it was his pur-
pose at this time to support the Administration
or to play the role of economy. I find he is
attempting to play the latter role, and if I had
any assurance from his former conduct that
he was in earnest and would stick to it for any
length of time himself, I might be seduced into
the attitude of a follower ; but, inasmuch as I
have had previous assurance of his conduct on
that subject, I am left entirely independent to
judge of this measure on its own merit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, of all the officers em-
ployed by this Government, as far as my knowl-
edge extends, those poorest paid are in the
naval service. We occupy the amazing atti-
tude here to-day of proposing to economize
upon the officers of the Navy, although we
have increased our own pay since the war
closed. These men who were afloat in the
midst of the storm of the elements, and passed
through all the perils of the war, are to have
their pay, according to the policy of the House,
diminished, while our own pay is increased.
I have no sympathy with the purpose of this
bill in that respect. I do not believe they get
any too much. I do not believe they get too
much, and I will not vote to abate the pay of
naval officers of the country one cent. Nor
have I any sympathy with the detraction which
gentlemen have uttered against them in regard
to their services. Had it not been for the
Navy, with its blockade, the rebellion would
now have been raging, or else victorious.
When gentlemen attack the Navy for not hav-
ing caught the Alabama on the high seas I
might retort by asking why the Army did not
capture Mosby within thirty miles of the Cap-
itol. The Alabama had the whole high seas
of the world in which to wander, while Mosby
had only the hills within sight of the Capitol
in which to hide himself, and yet the Army
never caught him. It is no just illustration of
the Army that they did not capture him ; nor
is it any just illustration of the Navy that it
did not capture the Alabama, when she had
all the seas of the earth to wander in. They
both did their duty meritoriously, and with
credit to the country.
Let me refer to one other thing. I heard the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan, J to whom
i always listen with pleasure, give as an illus-
tration of his position a fact which seemed to
strike the House with amazement. He said
in the Navy there was one officer to eight men.
That is true, no doubt, as he stated it. Why is
it true? Because in time of peace we reduce
the number of our seamen. We can recruit
seamen when war breaks out, but we cannot
recruit officers. We have to keep them over
from war to war. We have not enough officers
now to man the vessels we should have to keep
up in time of war.
A word in reply to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Dawes,] in regard to economy. He has
all the world before him where to choose.
He has every field of action in this Government
upon which to apply all the economy under
the power given to him by this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will, if I have time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. The fact to which
I desired to call attention was that during the
war we recruited some of our best naval officers
from our merchant vessels.
The question recurred on the amendment to
the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 63. noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn, of
Wisconsin, and Mr. Morgan were appointed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The last clause, as modi-
fied by somebody, has changed the pay of offi-
cers very much. I do not think it is perfectly
understood.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, as it is different from what
it wa3 understood to be.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 96, noes 20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move the following amend
ment:
Provided further. That all demands, claims, and
items of account against these naval appropriations
shall bedecided, adjusted, and settled by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury according to law,
and their adjudication shall be final, except, in
where provision is made for an appeal to the judiciary,
and no payment of the money hereby npprupi iated
shall be made at tho Treasury, nor credit admitted,
to a disbursing officer for allowances made on tho
approval or order of any officer of the Government,
unless such allowances are expressly authorised by
law.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
point of order. The point is this: that that
amendment involves new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the same
opinion with regard to this amendment as he
expressed last night—that it is not in order.
Mr. CONGER. It has been modified since
last night.
The CHAIRMAN. But not so modified as
to change its character. The Chair considers
that it is new and independent legislation.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer
which I shall send to the desk to be read,
merely remarking that the Committee on
Appropriations have no objection to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As has
been stated by the gentleman from Maine, we
have no objection to the amendment he is now
offering, and hope it will be adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That nothing in this bill
shall give to any staff officer any amount,of pay larger
than shall be received by any lino officer of corre-
sponding rank.
Mr. CONGER. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the Chair will permit
me, I would remark that that is a limitation
upon the amendment already adopted, and is
designed, I suppose—as I have not conferred
with the gentleman from Maine—to remove
the objection which I raised to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
is clearly within the rule.
Thequestion was put on Mr. Hale'8 amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was agreed to.
Thequestion recurred on the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin,
as amended.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make an addition
to that amendment. Not having the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin before
me, I do not know at what point precisely it
will come in ; but if adopted the Clerk can
insert it at the proper place. I move to amend
the amendment by adding the following words:
And that all officers bolow the rank of admiral
shall be paid, in addition to their pay proper, ten per
cent, on tho pay proper for every five years of
service.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say •
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this paragraph. The gentleman can only otter
his amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Platt's amend-
ment ; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, as amended;
and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of tho petty officers, seamen, ordinary
seamen, landsmen, and boys, including men for the
engineers' force, eight thousand five hundred_ men,
at an average pay of $300 each per annum, $2,550,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In line fourteen, page 1, strike out" eighty-five
hundred " and insert" ten thousand."
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I pro-
pose raises the number of seamen in the Navy
from eighty-five hundred to ten thousand. The
estimates coming from the Department were for
twelve thousand men. The number established
by the previous appropriation bill is eighty-fivb
