1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647
the offense of that aggregation of people called
a State.
I make these remarks as preliminary to what
I have to say upon the restoration of Georgia;
because in this great work of statesmanship
called reconstruction, we have been all the
while embarrassed by small details of consti-
tutional law and precedent.
Now, the overshadowing question with us is
not whether Georgia shall be admitted at all,
for we are agreed that she ought in some way
to be "rehabilitated," as the word is. It is as
to the mode and details of the transaction that
difficulty arises.
Georgia now seeks admission after long
delay and many obstacles. When she first
arrived at the door of the Union and had
placed one foot over the threshold she was
pushed back to wait for a better character.
In other words, when Congress had nearly
recognized her as a State, all action was re-
tracted, and she was thrown back again into
that uncertain condition of dependency known
as unreconstructed. This was done, in my
opinion, for good and just reasons. Now, the
State presents herself, having complied with
all the provisions of the superior law and
again asks admission.
As I understand it, there is no question as
to the admission of the State in ^ome shape,
but the difficulty is as to details ; and what is
somewhat strange is that the chief obstacle to
her admission is in a condition proposed by
Congress itself, to the effect that the State
shall hold an election next fall, which provis-
ion is called in this debate the "Bingham
amendment." This is one of the "conditions-
precedent" of which we have heard a good
deal, and about the binding^ force of which
there has been some doubt in the minds of
Senators.
As to this particular '' condition-precedent,"
1 can see but little necessity for it. The con-
dition provides that Georgia shall hold an elec-
tion next fall. But the constitution provides
the times for election in that State. Gentle-
men say that the constitution is ambiguous.
But who is to interpret its meaning ? Is it Con-
gress? What is more natural than that the
State itself shall construe its own constitution?
It seems to ine that the State itself is the
proper judge of what is the signification of its
fundamental law. Who else can so properly
interpret it? Therefore, lam very much in-
clined to leave this question of election to the
State itself. If I were certain that injury
would result from any action of the State that
might make a difference; but that is not shown.
It is only shown that if the State should decide
to permit its officers to hold over^ it would
possibly be a violation of the meaning of the
State constitution ; and that is not shown with
entire conclusiveness.
If, however, decisive legislation is desired I
prefer the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] or that of the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.] It is
plain, frank, and definite. Whatever any one
may think as to the constitutional power of
Congress to pass such an act, there is little
doubt but that it would give to Georgia repose
and stability. This is all I desire to say in
regard to the manner of the admission of
Georgia.
There is an ameudmenfc proposed to this bill
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
There are some things which I especially desire
to say in regard to this amendment, and I ask
permission to digress sufficiently to enable me
to discuss rather the subject-matter of the
snneudment, its principles and elementary char-
acter as affecting southern communities, tbau
its special provisions. Also, I will be led to
speak of the condition and necessities ot the
fouthern States which require the adoption of
ibis amendment ol the Senator from Missouri,
or something like it.
The simple proposition of the amendment,
in brief, is to authorize the protection of life
and property by the Federal Government in
localities where they are now unprotected, and
to provide for it. I say now nothing about
the details of it, but simply state its substance.
Now, in order to be able to support this
proposition of the Senator from Missouri it is
necessary to establish two things: first, is the
condition of affairs in any State such as to
require this provision of law ? Second, has
the Federal Government the authority under
the Constitution to enact such a law ; and if
so, is it expedient to exert that authority ?
Let us, then, examine the first question. Is
there necessity for this exertion of power on
the part of the Inderal Government?
I assert without the possibility of success-
ful contradiction that there is imminent neces-
sity. I care not what others may assert; I
know that there are many localities embracing
large territory in the southern States where
the lives and property of citizeus are not
protected by local law. I am aware that
this is palliated and denied by a portion of
the local press, and by other citizens; but
I challenge an investigation of the facts by
any intelligent and impartial committee.
Send your committee to North Carolina and
I will show you by legal evidence that there
exists a body of men formidable in num-
bers and organization whose distinct and defi-
nite purpose is to defy established authority.
I will show you that this organization met
and voted to assassinate an officer of the law,
the sheriff of a county, and then did actually
commit the deed in pursuance of said vote. I
will show you that by this same association of
assassins unoffending citizens have been hung,
that others have been cruelly mutilated, and
that whole communities have been thrown into
consternation and dismay. And I will show
you also that a portion of the local press, to its
eternal and unspeakable infamy, either apolo-
gized for or defended these atrocities. I do not
speak vaguely; I speak by the record. I assert
and am ready to prove, not doubtfully, but
by indubitable testimony, that these outrages
extend to several counties in that State; and,
what is a remarkable fact, notwithstanding
these criminals are known to the public in
those counties, not a single one of them has
yet been convicted.
You may ask why an appeal is not made to
the local tribunals. For the very reason that
you cannot impanel either a grand or petit
jury without getting upon it members of this
organization of cut-throats or their sympa-
thizers or apologists. You cannot summon
the body of the county, because on your posse
comitaius you get the assassins themselves, and
when you summon witnesses you get the assas-
sins also. Thus the arm of the law is power-
less to protect its citizens.
It is not well comprehended, no doubt, by
Senators why the State governments may not
deal with these criminals. Bat it must be
remembered that those governments are new,
and that having been created through an act
of Congress to which most of the old ruling
class of the South was bitterly and implacably
hostile, having beeu constantly assailed as
fraudulent and unconstitutional, they are
merely tolerated in some localities.
For ordinary objects these State governments
subserve their purpose. The provisions of their
constitutions are for the most part liberal and
enlightened, and their legislation of the same
character. Their judiciary is more than respect-
able as a whole, and their courts sit with the
same apparent weight as in former days. But in
a country where a portion of the people openly
resist law by force and arms, while apother
portion quietly assent, the citizen looks in vain
for protection from the courts or from the
officers of the law. The very foreman of the
grand jury may belong to the band of assassins
one of whom is to be presented. Oil this ques-
tion of fact I could read to the Senate the most
abundant evidence were it necessary—private
letters, certified statements, and the records of
courts.
We are, then, confronting one of the evi-
dences of the weakness of a popular Govern-
ment, and we see plainly that when a com-
munity to which is committed its own welfare
neglects its duty some remedy must be found
outside that community. The amendment of
the Senator from Missouri supplies that defi-
ciency. This violence will cease when the per-
petrators of those outrages and crimes learn
that certain and quick punishment will follow
their perpetration, and we shall have peace
and quiet over the South as in other States.
This brings me to the second question,
whether there is authority vested in the Fed-
eral Government to exert powers like those
proposed by this amendment; and if so, whether
it is expedient to exert those powers?
I do not at this moment cite special consti-
tutional provisions, but propose rather to speak
at first of what is plainly derivative from the
general tenor and scope of the whole Consti-
tution. I believe it to be the intent of the Con-
stitution to protect in all the privileges of citi-
zens any person, wherever he may be within
the limits of the United States, when local
authority fails to do it. The very preamble to
the Constitution announces that the purpose of
the instrument is to "insure domestic tran-
quillity" and the instrument provides that the
Government of the United States shall protect
each State against" domestic violence." What
is "domestic tranquillity" under the spirit of
our Government but the security of life and
property and rights ? And what is "domestic
violence," against which the Constitution guar-
anties to defend the citizens of States, but just
such infractions of law as are now occurring
in the southern States? The Constitution,
then, provides for preserving " domestic tran-
quillity" and for the suppression of "domestic
violence."
If, indeed, the Government of the# United
States did not possess this attribute it would
be insignificant and despicable, because no
citizen could stand in its presence and look up
to it as to a common and protecting parent.
If this power does not exist, then what have we
in the shape of a Government? Why, we have
a Government which against foreign aggression
can marshal armies, which can send forth
navies, which can issue credits, which can
make treaties and alliances; ay, and make
conquests and add new empires to its domin-
ions, while it is so pitiably weak internally
that it cannot enforce the peace or protect the
life and property of one of its humble citi-
zens ; a governmental shell, with all its powers
and functions looking outward, while violence,
and murder, and seditions, and conspiracies,
and revolts may fester within; a nation in
whose flesh burrows a Trichina spiralis which
is gradually eating away its life. Such a Gov-
ernment cannot possibly fulfill the obligations
which it owes to its citizens, because it cannot
give them that primary and commonest of
privileges, protection.
Entertaining these views, believing that the
Government is vested with authority to protect
its citizens, I have no hesitation in supporting
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
If this amendment is adopted you give peace
anil security to all that broad and magnificent
portion of the country south of the Potomac.
\Vlien the nation speaks and gives notice that
these outrages are to cease, and enacts the
necessary laws, tlien we shall have peace and
good order in the South. Let this Government
proclaim, by passing this amendment, that an
American citizen can live in security m any
part of the United States, acting according to
his judgment up to the full measure of citizen-
ship, expressing opinions according to his con-
viction, and we shall have absolute and positive
peace in the South.
:• I ask that this amendment be adopted, also,
