1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
Latvs of ihe United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess. .
Basle, Belfast, Buenos Ajres, Bordeaux, Bre-
men, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barcelona, Cadiz,
Callao, Canton, Chemnitz, Chin Kiang,Clifton,
Coaticook, Cork, Demerara, Dundee, Elsinore,
Fort Erie, Foo-Choo, Funchal,Geneva, Genoa,
Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich, Halifax, Ham-
burg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow,
Hakodadi, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston,
(Jamaica,) Kingston in Canada, La Bochelle,
Laguayra, Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic, Lisbon,
Liverpool, Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester,
Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Melbourne,
Messina, Munich, Mahe, Nagasaki, Naples,
Nassau, (West Indies,) New Castle, Nice,
Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Osacca, Palermo,
Panama, Pernambuco, Pictou, Port Mahon,
Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Bio
de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur, San
Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint John, (Canada East,)
Santiago de Cuba, Port Sarnia, Rome, Singa-
pore, Smyrna, Southampton, SaintPetersburg,
Santa Cruz, (West Indies,) Saint Thomas,
Spezzia, Stuttgardt, Swatow, Saint Helena,
Tangier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba,
Tripoli, Tunis, Tunstall, Turk's Island, Valpa-
raiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Valencia, Windsor,
Yeddo, Zurich, Birmingham, Barmen, and
Winnepeg, Selkirk Settlement, British North
America.
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Saint
Domingo.
iv. consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Candia, Cape Town, Cartha-
gena, Ceylon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Isl-
ands, Fayal, Guayaquil. Guaymas, Maran-
ham, Matamoras(Mexico,) Montevideo,Omoa,
Pay til, Para, Paso del Norte, Piraus, Ilio
Grande, Saint Catharine. Saint John (New-
foundland,) Santiago (Cape Verde,) Stettin,
Tabasco, Tahiti, Talcahuano, Tumbez, Venice,
Zanzibar.
y. commercial agencies.
Schedule C.
Amoor River, Apia, Belize, Gaboon, Saint
Paul de Loanda, Lanthala, Sabanilla.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
Japan, Siam, and Turkey, including loss by
exchange thereon, five thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, including that at Nagasaki,
and in China, Siam, and Turkey, including
loss by exchange thereon, seven thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For stationery, book-cases, arms of the Uni-
ted States, seals, presses, and flags, and pay-
ment of rent, freight, postage, and miscel-
laneous expenses, including loss by exchange,
sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses for interpreters, guards, and
other matters, at the consulates at Constanti-
i <spie, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, Jerusa-
lem, and Beirut, in the Turkish Dominions,
three thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for
wages of the keepers of the same, including
loss by exchange, nine thousand dollars.
For expenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred under instructions of
Ihe Secretary of State of bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crimes,
and expenses incident thereto, including loss
by exchange, five thousand dollars.
For relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses which may bo incurred in
acknowledging the services of masters and
4'1st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 44.
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing American
citizens from shipwreck, five thousand dollars.
For payment of the sixth annual installment
of the proportion contributed by the United
States toward the capitalization of the Scheldt
dues, fifty-five thousand five hundred and
eighty-four dollars; and for such further sum,
not exceeding five thousand dollars, as may be
necessary to carry out the stipulations of the
treaty between the United States and Bel-
gium.
For defraying the expenses of defending
claims under the convention with Mexico of
July four, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
to be expended under the direction of the
Attorney General, twenty thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President is authorized, on the recommend-
ation of tlie Secretary of the Treasury, to
cause examinations to be made into the ac-
counts of the consular officers of the United
States, and into all matters connected with
the business of their said offices, and to that end
he may appoint such agent or agents as may
be necessary for that purpose ; and any agent,
when so appointed, shall, for the purpose of
making said examinations,'have authority to
administer oaths and take testimony, and shall
have access to all the books and papers of all
consular officers. And any agent appointed
in this behalf shall be paid for his services a
just and reasonable compensation, in addition
to his actual necessary expenses, the same to
be paid out of the sum appropriated for con-
sular salaries; but no greater sum than ten
thousand dollars shall be expended as com-
pensation of such agent or agents in any one
year. And the President shall communicate
to Congress, at the commencement of every
December session, the names of the agents
so appointed, and the amount paid to each,
together with the reports of such agents; and
that any agent or agents appointed under this
section shall receive an annual salary of five
thousand dollars, in addition to the expenses
heretofore allowed, the same to be paid out
of the sum appropriated for consular salaries.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXVIII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Payment of Invalid and
other Pensions of the United States for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same arc hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the payment of pen-
sions for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
For Army invalid pensions, as provided by
acts of April twenty-four, eighteen hundred
and sixteen, May thirteen, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, July fourteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, June six, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and ,J uly twenty-seven, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, nine million eight hun-
dred and thirty seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions
of widows, children, and mothers, fathers,
brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as provided
by acts of March eighteen, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, May fifteen, eighteen hundred
and twenty-eight, June seven, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, July four, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, July seven, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight., March third, eighteen
hundred and forty-three, February tvvemy,
eighteen hundred forty-seven, February two,
July twenty-one, and July twenty-nine, eighteen
hundred Mild forty-eight, February three, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, June three, eight-
een hundred and fifty-eight, July fourteen and
seventeen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
July twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and July twenty seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, aud for compensation to the
pension agents and expenses of the agencies,
nineteen million six hundred and eighty thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-two dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, as provided by
acts of April twenty three, eighteen hundred,
February twenty, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, August eleven, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, April five, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, July fourteen and seventeen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, June six and July
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
and July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, and compensation to pension agents
and expenses of the agencics, one hundred and
forty-seven thousand four hundred and sixty-
three dollars.
For Navy pensions of widows, children, moth-
ers, fathers, brothers, and sistersof sailors and
marines, as provided by acts of August eleven,
eighteen hundred aud forty-eight, July four-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixtv-two, July
twenty-live, eighteen hundred aud sixty-six,
and July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, three hundred and thirty four thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-five dollars:
Provided, That the Navy pensionssha.il be paid
from the Navy pension fund, and hereafter it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy
annually to submit to Congress estimates of
the claims and demands chargeable upon and
payable out of the naval pension fund ; and no
payments shall be made i herefrom except upon
appropriations made by Congress: And pro-
vided further, That an amount sufficient to
pay the expenses of furnishing artiiicial limbs
for soldiers and sailors, provided for by the act
approved June seventeenth, eighteen hundred
and seventy, may be paid out of the appropri-
ations made by this act.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXIX.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Construction, Preservation,
and Repairs of certain Fortifications and
other Works of Defense, for the fiscal year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the construction, preservation,
and repair of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one:
For Fort Preble, Fort Gorges, and Fort
Scammel, in Portland harbor, Maine, seventy-
live thousand dollars.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, fifty-three thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, sixty-nine thousand dollars.
For Fort Hamilton, aud additional bat-
teries, New York harbor, New York, forty-six
thousand dollars.
For fort on the site of Fort Tompkins, Stalen
Island, New York, the unexpended balances
of appropriations heretofore made for '' case-
mated battery on Staten Island," are hereby
authorized to bo transferred and applied.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, In'ow York,
eighty thousand dollars.
For fort on Willett's Point, opposite Fort
