187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
pie of the country were horrified by the scenes
of violence, wrong, and murder enacted in the
State of Georgia, from whose good conduct
xre had been promised aud hoped so much.
When, however, we came together iu Decem-
ber, among the very first of the acts of Con-
gress, passed with signal unanimity, was the act
"to promote the reconstruction of Georgia."
This became a law on the 22d of December
last past. We did not wait even till after the
holidays beforo we provided for the mainte-
nance of law and justice in that State, but
passed the bill against the protest of the same
eloquent gentlemen, who, unabashed by the
non-fulfillment of their predictions, and un-
appalled by the innocent blood that had been
shed, unavenged and unatoned for because of
our inaction, still lead the opposition. By
our action in that behalf we tnen declared
substantially that Georgia had no legal, quali-
fied, or properly and constitutionally organized
Legislature, and we ordered her pretended and
revolutionary Legislature to be reorganized.
And we gave authority to the President, upon
the call of the Governor, to bring the military
arm of the Government to bear upon the Legis-
lature and the people. More than that, we
enacted in terms a solemn legislative declara-
tion of the condition of Georgia, which is
section six of the act, as follows:
"Andb« itfurtlter enacted. That it is hereby declared
that the expulsion of any person or persons elected
as aforesaid, and being otherwise qualified, from
participation in the proceedings of said senato or
house of representatives upon the ground of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, would be
illegal and revolutionary, and is hereby prohibited."
Therefore we passed ajudgment of condemna-
tion upon the Legislature of Georgia, its action,
and its organization, because they had already
done with a high hand the very things that we
declared would be invalid, and which we pro-
hibited from being done in the future. They
had excluded all the colored men from the
1 .legislature because they were colored, and we
declared that proceeding to be "revolutionary
and void.'1
Besides, to determine specifically that Geor-
gia was not then entitled to representation we
farther enacted a new and independent condi-
tion-precedent, that the Legislature of Georgia
should ratify the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States before Sen-
ators and Representatives from Georgia should
be admitted to seats in Congress.' Whereupon
the President, accepting the trath of what we
told him, that the proceedings of the govern-
ment of Georgia were revolutionary and void,
and that she was not as a State entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress; accepting the law of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, the law of 1867, to
be the law applicable to the case, as indeed it
was, that until the admission of a State lately
in rebellion, by its Representatives and Sen-
ators in Congress, admitted to seats in both
branches of Congress ''by law," was attained
its government was provisional only in all its
branches. I say the President, seeing that no
law admitting the State had been passed by
Congress, and that therefore its Legislature was
Erovisional only, we having also declared the
egislatureof Georgia and its legislation illegal
and revolutionary—the President, I say, accept-
ing the law as we had made it, ordered Georgia
back into the condition of a military district,
under the control of the General of the Army,
and specially under the control of General
Terrjr, therein commanding. General Terry
went forward very properly to reorganize the
Legislature under all the acts of reconstruction,
ftod to purge by the exercise of the strong arm
and of good sense of those men who were will-
ing to perjure themselves, as one of them ad-
mitted in a letter of apology under party pres-
rore—a Legislature in which such members
*ere prohibited from taking part by constitu-
tional enactment.
Now, this action of General Terry and of
the General of the Army, under the orders of
"w President, has been criticised. It is said
that that action was not authorized by the last
actwepassed. I agree to that criticism. Notby
that act alone entirely, but I maintain thatitwas
authorized under a just construction of all the
bills we had passed. It was not authorized by
the last one, because the last one was but a
part only of the grand legal machinery of
reconstruction which we had set in motion to
bring back these rebellious States. It was
authorized by the great principles and the very
enactments of all the legislation and constitu-
tional amendments we had foand necessary
to maintain and set up loyal governments
on the ruins of rebellion ; and the President,
in my judgment, did just right in remanding
Georgia—revolutionary and illegal, violentana
disorderly in her proceedings, official and per-
sonal, as she and her people were—to the con-
dition of a military district, and putting her
under military rule. And that military rule, by
its justand decisive action, so purged the Legis-
lature of men who were expressly prohibited
by the constitution from sitting in it tnat a legal
Legislature has now been organized, whose
action and its effect upon the status of Georgia
we are now considering. The.negroes who had
been expelled illegally, according to the judg-
ment oi the supreme court of the State of
Georgia itself, were brought back to take their
seats peaceably, for the first time, on the 12th
of January last. The men who were constitu-
tionally ineligible were driven out, and for the
first time since the rebellion Georgia had a
legally organized Legislature and government.
All the conditions imposed upon Georgia by
law have by that Legislature so organized beeu
assented to, and the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments duly ratified by both houses; so
that Georgia now for the first time presents
herself in a condition which is required by the
Constitution and laws before she can ask for
admission into the Union from which she had
seceded and rebelled, and against which she
had fought.
She never yet has been admitted " by law."
Her delegation has never been admitted at all
in Congress. Two of her Rpresentatives only
were admitted here by mistake and misappre-
hension, and only two. Her admission to rep-
resentation was under a mistake of fact, which
in every governmental proceeding may be cor*
rected. The mistake was that we thought her
Legislature had been organized honestly and
fairly and legally. We found that we had been
deceived ; so that when her Representatives
came to offer themselves for seats in this Con-
gress, we at once told them that they could not
be admitted, and that the certificate of her Gov-
ernor, under her broad seal, was not even a
prima faeit title to a seat here. Government,
Governor, seal, all were "provisional only."
We bad made no law admitting Georgia to
representation according to the provisions of
the act of March 2, 1867. One branch had
decided by their action, so far as any was
taken, that the State was not entitled to rep-
resentation. And then we declared the pro-
ceedings of her Legislature revolutionary and
illegal. We remitted the State to the condi-
tion of a military district only.
It may be and will be said that the delega-
tions from Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, North
Carolina, and South Carolina were admitted
without any formal law being previously passed
to admit States. True, but no question was
raised in either case, and delegations of eaeh
were admitted into both Houses without objec-
tion. But you will observe that the law—the
act of March 2, 1867, is express that their
governments should be provisional in such
States only until they were admitted " bylaw,"
and the act of Jane 25, 1868, was an enabling
act only, but did not admit the States, but only
provided how and under what conditions the
States might be admitted. However that ques-
tion may stand with regard to these other
States, we have by all our reconstruction acts
put Georgia on a' different footing from the
other rebel States; and by oar act of Decem-
ber to promote the reconstruction of Georgia,
again assumed jurisdiction over her as if her
government was only provisional, as the law
declared it to be until she is admitted by law.
We not only did that, but the Executive pro-
ceeded upon that basis to reorganize her Legis-
lature. She now comes here and asks for ad-
mission. The committee of the Senate reported
that the only difficulty they found in passing upon
the rights of her delegates before was that she
was notentitled to representation, first, because
she had never duly ratified the constitutional
amendments,and had never duly assented to the
fundamental conditions; and secondly, because
her course had been so revolutionary, violent,
and illegal that she ought not to be admitted.
What, then, is to be done by Congress now
that Georgia had admittedly complied with all
the conditions we have imposed? It is said
I that there is no necessity for the passage of this
act. The Committee on Reconstruction, after
mature deliberation, have come to a different
conclusion and put forward this bill. What is
the bill that we propose to pass ? First, there
is a preamble reciting that—
" Whereas the people of Georgia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which
is republican; and whereas the Legislature of Geor-
gia elected under said constitution has ratified the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith is a
condition-precedent to the representation of tho
State in Congress."
And then comes the act itself, which declares:
" Therefore,
"That the said State of Georgia is entitled to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States."
Can anything be more simple or effectual,
and is not this necessary to comply with all the
provisions of our laws ?
Those are all the operative words of the bill
which we present; it hath this extent, no more.
True, we have added a proviso that her legis-
lators shall take the oath prescribed by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment.
W e prescribed that in the late act, but for that
Legislature only; and therefore we add the
i same conditions for the future Legislatures.
We put in the same fundamental conditions
which we made for Mississippi and Virginia—
no more and no less; and the question now pre-
sents itself with force not to be resisted whether
we shall treat Georgia, which has been the
bead and front of all our difficulties about
reconstruction, better or differently than we
did Virginia, and better than we did Missis-
sippi, who came up to us at once and met every
requirement and adopted each constitutional
amendment, and met us with an overwhelming
majority on the side of loyalty and constitu-
tional law. Shall we not, above all, require
of Georgia that Bhe shall never deprive colored
men of the right to vote and hold office? How
necessary that is in the case of Georgia we all
see at once, because Georgia, in violation of
the judgment of her own supreme court, in
violation of her own constitution, in contraven-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, in
violation of every principle of free government
that is right and just, stands preeminent in
wrong as the only State where by force and
fraud the negro has been excluded from offices
to which he was duly elected, and that, too*
after he, with a kindness of heart and mag-
nanimity which does him infinite credit, and
all the more as his action is compared with his
former rebel masters, had admitted to their
seats men whose hands were red with the blood
of loyal men, spilled In a war for his enslave-
ment.
Now, the question is, shall we not, before
we let in Georgia, put these same conditions
upon her which we have put on Virginia and
Mississippi; shall we not say to Georgia, you
have put men into office who were not eligible
under the Constitution of the United States,
andyou have excluded men from office who were
fit and proper as well under the Constitution
of your country as your own; we therefore im-
pose the condition on you that you never shall
