2648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IS,
in behalf of the prosperity of the South. "We
can have no prosperity while disorder reigns
or is liable to reign. The peaceful emigrant
from Europe will not go to that country, nor will
capital seek investment there. Every citizen
of the South ought therefore to desire that each
one may be protected in the fall enjoyment of all
his rights, and that these outrages "may cease.
I desire here to put on record my judgment
as to the correct policy of treating organized
offenders against the law in the South. The
lenient policy toward the South since the war
has been a failure. Directly after the sur-
render of Lee the southern people submitted
gracefully, and awaited calmly the will of the
conquerors. But when the policy of Andrew
Johnson commenced the people of that sec-
tion began to demand as a right what they pre-
viously did not expect as clemency. They
proceeded to organize their State governments,
and to a course of legislation unfriendly toward
the colored population, if not unfriendly to
the Government itself. Complaints and clam-
ors against the tyranny of the Government
arose on all sides. They rejected indignantly
and contemptuously the fourteenth amend-
ment, and when the reconstruction acts were
passed they were met with a denunciation, the
bitterness and ferocity of which were proba-
bly never witnessed in any civilized country in
modern times. Armies 110 longer confronted
each other, but a controversy commenced, in-
cited by all the malignant hates generated by
the war, and in which social relations were
sundered, friend", alienated, and private char-
acter blackened. For one year there was a
reign of demoniac pulsions and biller hates.
We have not failed to inherit the conse-
quences of this most diabol ieal controversy, and
we have it in the position of the Democratic
party of the South. And what is that position ?
This: that tho rebellion was right, that its cause
was sacred, the misfortune of defeat not having
changed its character; that consequently the
war on the part of the Government was tyr-
anny and oppression, and that the subsequent
legislation of Congress is of the same character.
Any honest southern,Democrat does not hesi-
tate (.o avow these as his principles. This,
then, is their position, and as a consequence
whenever leniency is extended to them they
regard it as a partial reparation to them for
injuries received, and they accept itas a return
ot' rights of which they had been unlawfully
deprived.
To thwart tho State governments, to cover
their officers with obloquy, to depreciate then-
authority, and to throw them into disrepute
among the people is pursued with a constant
and remorseless ingenuity. You may reason
in vain with such men. It is only when they
see the strong arm of power that they cease.
Now, these organized bands of desperadoes are
offshoots of the Democratic party, in fact a part
of it.
There is in the Democratic party, it is true,
a large and considerate class who desire peace
and good order, who regret these outrages, but
the tyranny of an irresponsible minority over-
awes them, and so it comes about, for instance,
in tho county of Alamance, in North Carolina,
that no Democrat can be found who will take
a position against the offenders. They there-
fore rule the county.
It is a singular fact in that State, as is stated
in a letter received by me to-day from one of
the judges of our supreme court, that there is
no instance of any prominent Democrat de-
nouncing these outrages except one, he being
Mr. Reid, formerly a member of this bodv
from my State before the war. He joined witfi
this judge of the supreme court in his county,
held meetings, and denounced these outrages,
and none had occurred since in that county.
It is useless to attempt to remedy this exist-
ing state of things by appealing to the law.
We must have extraneous force, and when
that appear" peace will come speedily.
It is my judgment that the Federal Gdverri--
ment should at once now proceed to act on the;
assumption that it is its sacred duty to protect
the rights and liberty and enforce the personal"
safety of every citizen within its limits. Let
it not be understood that I advise these harsh
measures with any purpose of revenge. I
desire to avoid harshness and severity exeept
when it is imperatively demanded.
Before closing these remarks the Senate will
permit me to suggest to what extent correct
action in Congress is often retarded by a sort
of legal pedantry and far-fetched scruples re-
lating to the Constitution. Tf wholesome legis-
lation is to bo assaulted, it is frequently done
from the shelter of constitutional provisions.
When the rebellion in 1861 was breaking out,
it was appeals to the Constitution which pre-
vented the prompt action of Buchanan's ad-
ministration. During tho war its opponents
were always intrenched behind the Constitu-
tion. At the close of the war tho rebels them-
selves called for the " Constitution as it was."
In all this reconstruction legislation there has
at all times been a class who were vociferating
that this act or that wasnot " constitutional."
Andsoin this closing act ofa combined tragedy
and drama there are persons who are so em-
barrassed by constitutional scruples that they
shrink back from efficient legislation ! Now,
when assassins hold high carnival, and liberty
itself and human rights a second time are all
imperiled on southern soil, they are seen with
their microscopes squinting at legal niceties !
Sir, I respect that great instrument known
as our Constitution. On the whole that great
bargain among the people of tho old Colonies
has been productive of beneficent results; but
there are some things which I respect more ;
and when I contemplate that instrument 1 do
not, see in it, merely those provisions which
retard good government.' [ helievethat.it con-
tains within itself the germs of national pro-
gress and expansion, and above all, powers suf-
ficient to insure entire liberty and safety to all
citizens wherever they are.
In conclusion, I ask Senators to remember
the Republican party of the South and their
obligations to it. Four million colored people,
whose welfare is dependent upon the success
of the Republican party in those States, the
whites who remained loyal during the war, and
who since the war have aided in establishing
good government, the northern men, formerly
officers and soldiers in the Army, all demand
your protection. These are the men who, when
your reconstruction acts passed, came forward
to erect, new governments. I challenge the
scrutiny of history as to the acts of these men.
Thoy have aright to demand of you protection.
They accepted your measures and cheerfully
fulfilled the purposes of the Government. They
are in peril in consequence of your own vacil-
lation now. One slight exertion on the part
of this great law-making power and you may
strengthen the Government and protect them.
Let not the nation halt now. Nurture what
you have planted; protect what you have cre-
ated.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will give way
[ will move, an executive session. There is
business on tiie table that ought to bo consid-
ered.
Mr. MORTON. I yield for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question on that motion, the Chair will
lay before the Senate a joint resolution from
the House of Representatives for reference.
1I0IJS1? BILL KBFEItRKD.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 215) making
an appropriation to defray the expenses of the
Committee on Education and Labor, incurred
in pursuance of investigation ordered by the
House of Representatives, was read twice by
its title, and referred to tho Committee on
Appropriations.
EXECUTIVE' eO'KHOTSlCATION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior,' communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of JJarcli.lO, 1870,
a report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, transmitting abatement of the
lands belonging to the united States lying in
the State of Indiana remaining undisposed of,
and in what counties they are situated, and
what portion of the same have never been sur-
veyed, and the reason thereof, and where sit-
uated aud their probable value ; also the amount
of such public lands in that State disposed of
during the year 1800, and the price received
therefor, and the annual expense of maintain-
ing the land office at Indianapolis ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IlOtTSt?OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedkesuatt, April 13,1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by tho Chaplain, Rev. J. Oh Butler.
The Journal of 3'esterclay was read and
approved.
ELKCTrOxX-CONTliSi' XAYLOU VS. RISADINO. '
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I wish to call up the contested-election
case of Taylor vs. Reading, which will occupy
but a brief time. But if it is the desire of the
House to have the morning hour, I am willing
to yield for that purpose, provided 1 may be
recognized afterward.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. BUCK. I ask that the bill introduced
by me yesterday, House bill No. 1772, to grant
the right of way to the Alabama and Chatta-
nooga Railroad Company to the Pacific, and
for other purposes, be ordered to be printed.
There was 110 objection; and it was so
ordered.
FRANCIS 14. StlOBEti.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, Xhfifc Francis E. Shobor bo sworn as a
xnomher of the Housefrom thesixthdistriotof North
Carolina; and tbat upon taking the oatli proscribed
by tho act passed at tho j>i o,out session 01 Congress
for his relief I10 shail be entitled to a sent in thW
House, without prejudico to the right of Nathaniel
Boyden to contest his right thereto.
Mr. KELSEY, I would like to make an
inquiry with reference to this matter. Have
the credentials of this gentleman been exami tied
by the Committee of Elections?
Mr. McCRARY. They have been, and are
found regular.
Mr. KELSEY. Is this a report from the
Committee of Elections?
Mr. McCRARY. It is.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. Francis E. Shober presented himself,
and was duly qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed in the act to remove political disabili-
ties from Francis E. Shober, of North Carolina,
approved April 12, 1870.
LAXB-GRANT RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back with
amendments joint resolution (S. No. 11) ex-
tending the time to construct a railroad from
the Saiut Croix river or lake to the west end
of Lake Superior and to Bayfield; which was
