3592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
hundred. The Department complained that with
this number of men it was impossible to relieve
the ships that came from foreign stations after
their three year's cruise was up, and that it was
impossible to keep the Navy at sea unless a
larger number than eighty-five hundred men
were allowed.
There are in the British navy sixty-three
thousan 1 seamen. We allow by this bill less
than one seventh of that number, certainly a
most inadequate force. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] last night, in reply
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,]
asked him, as if there was great force in the
inquiry, whether it was intended also to assim-
ilate our Array to the British army or the eon-
linental armies, because we ask that the Navy
shall be kept on some respectable footing. I
will say to the gentleman that our armies never
come into competition with the European
armies. Under no conceivable circumstance
will they meet in battle. We never shall send
our armies across the Atlantic, nor will their
armies ever invade this continent so as to come
into conflict wiih ours. But our Navy meets
the navies of the world in every sea. Here is
our point of contact with other Powers; and
we are compelled, if we would not go to the
wall in case of a foreign war, if we would not be
insulted, if we would not have our flag degraded
by thos who may see fit to make aggressions
upon u>, to show our national power through
our Navy, as our arm of offense and defense
for the protection of American rights and dig-
nity abroad. It is because we do come in con-
tact with foreign navies that we waat to keep
up something like a decent Navy ; and there
is no argument in saying that for the same '
reason we should keep up a standing army of
half a million men, like France, Austria, or
Prussia. We need no such army; moreover,
we could in three months, if necessary, raise
an army of half a million men to defend our
soil. But how long would it take to build a
navy that would compete with the navies even
of the third-rate Powers of Europe, which have
in their yards and scattered over the world
navies three times the magnitude of our own ?
Now, when England has sixty-three thousand
men for her navy, is it extravagant in the De-
partment to ask that we should have less than
one sixth of that number of men? The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in
making his comparison yesterday, said that
our Navy cost per man $600, while the Eng-
lish navy cost per man sixty dollars. If I had
time I would show that he was mistaken in all
his figures. Wherein does the admitted large
proportionate cost of maintaining our Navy
consist? It is in our large number of officers
rather than in the number of seamen that are
necessary to keep our ships afloat. Double
the number of your seamen artd you will not
much increase the cost of keeping up the Navy.
But the gentleman said in his remarks last
sight that the cost of the English navy per
man was sixty dollars. I say that the English
navy floats sixty-three thousand seamen, and
their expenditures this year are equivalent to
$60,000,000 in greenbacks, which is $952 per
man, and that he cannot deny. Our own Navy
costs per man, paying our sailors, as we do,
more generously, with our eight-hour law and
the double cost of material, with the fact that
we let our ships rot to pieces before we repair
them, and thereby by accelerating their decay
increasing the cost of putting them in repair,
while England keeps all her vessels in constant
repair, her numerous sailors repairing every
rope and polishing every bolt, less than double
that amount. The relative cost, with all these
elements of disadvantage, is less than two to
one, instead of ten to one, as he asserts.
Again 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment. The number of men
authorized by law for the Navy is eighty-five
hundred. The estimate of the Navy Depart-
ment is for an increase, so as to make the num-
ber twelve thousand men. The Committee on
Appropriations decided that there is no neces-
sity for an increase in the force of the Navy in
time of profound peace, with not a speck of
war anywhere on the horizon. The Navy
Department asked if they could not have an :
increase of thirty-five hundred men that they
might have an increase of fifteen hundred men.
Thecommittee, after due consideration, determ-
ined that there was no necessity for this addi- 1
tional force at this time. We have little or no
commerce anywhere. We have all the vessels
in commission that are necessary to protect our
commerce, and it is the opinion of the com-
mittee that no increase is necessary. I
Mr. O'NEILL. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. There has been a great deal
of harsh criticism on the Navy Department
from the commencement of this session by
the Committee on Appropriations and others.
Now, I want the gentleman to tell me in all
frankness if the estimates made by the Navy
Department were not all based upon the in- ;
crease of the Navy which they ask? !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes; they |
were all based on a force of twelve thousand
men.
Mr. O'NEILL. That is what I want to have
stated. Their estimates were based on an '
increase from eighty-live hundred to twelve
thousand men, and hence the increase in their
estimates. The estimates would have been less
had the Department not asked for the increase
of men.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I did not
yield for a speech. I yielded only to allow the
gentleman to ask a question. Let us have a
vote on the proposition.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his amendment I will
renew it.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw it.
Mr. MYERS. I renew the amendment, Mr.
Chairman. I have been a great deal pained at
the course of the discussion on this floor with
reference to the Navy Department by several
members of the Committee on Appropriations. .
This amendment gives the Navy ten thousand
men. There are only eighty-five hundred pro-
vided for by the bill. A few days ago the '
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, i
, who had been among the most zealous for the i
tariff bill, asked that we should lay it aside to
get at the business of the country, and that, as
one of the most pressing necessities of the
country, we should pass the proper appropria- .
tions for the various Departments; yet the
I Committee on Appropriations in this bill, as I :
suppose they will in all these bills, led by the <
two distinguished gentlemen from Massachu- |
setta and Wisconsin, [Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Washburn,] are cutting down the appropria-
tions not only below the demands of the De-
partment but below the absolute necessities of
the service. I regret that my time is so limited
for the discussion of this important question;
but let me say here at the outset, and I ask the
attention of the committee to it, we have in com-
mission afloat three first-class vessels needing
fifteen hundred men, eight second-class vessels
needingtwenty-eighthundred men,twelve third-
class vessels needing three thousand men, and
seventeen vessels of the fourth rate requiring
twenty-one hundred men. The proper comple-
ment for those vessels alone would be ninety-
four hundred men. To that add three hundred
men for five receiving-ships, four hundred and
ten for the Sabine, on special service—and she
ought to have five hundred—and three hundred
for the practice squadron, making ten thousand
four hundred and ten men. It is a fact that the
Hiantonomah will have to go out of commis-
sion in a few days in order to the supply of
men for one or two other vessels, the Plymouth
and Shenandoah, which must be put into com-
mission; and to the great discredit of our flag,
unless the law be exceeded, we cannot relievo
a vessel on a foreign station without first send-
ing her home, discharging the men, and ship-
ping men anew for another vessel. With such
a deficiency of men I know not how we shall
fit out the ships now under repairs which are
called for in our several squadrons.
The gentleman did nothing last night, in my
judgment, but endeavor to throw contempt ■
upon the Navy. He sought to compare the
expenses of our Navy with the British navy,
man for man. Has he forgotten that but thy
other day he was loudest among us of the pro-
tection school here against the competition of
pauper labor in Europe with our labor? lias
thegentlemanfrom Wisconsin [Mr. Washuuiin]
forgotten that but yesterday he spoke in favor
of giving drawbacks for the benefit of American
commerce? The former knows, and so argued
then, that our labor is paid more than twice as
well as labor abroad is paid. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] knows that
materials for ships abroad are far cheaper than
in this country, and wishes, as I do, to protect
our ship-builders from such competition. In
France ordinary labor for navy-yards can be
obtained for one franc or one and a half francs
per day, and skilled labor can be obtained for
live francs per day. In England ordinary labor
can be obtained for two shillings per day, and
skilled labor for five to seven shillings per day.
In the city of London alone there are eighty
thousand skilled workmen out of employment.
On the question of expense it will not do for
him to compare our Navy, man for man, with
the English navy. The argument is entirely
unfair. A word now in the same connection
as to the relative pay of seamen in the two
countries. [Here the hammer fell.] I will
speak it, then, at some other stage of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] has arraigned me be-
fore upon this subject, and has to-day added
nothing to his indictment. And if I were able
at that time to answer it, I shall now let it pass.
I wish now, however, to say to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] as well as
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
! Myers,Jthat I spoke last night from thefigures.
: The gentleman from California misunderstands
the figures. I stated that in our Navy it costs
| for repairs, to keep the vessels at par, $600
I per man. I had before me the statement of
| Admiral Porter to the Committee on Appro-
j priations to that effect—that it costs §600 per
man. Then I took the estimates for repairs
in the British navy, by which it appears
that it cost but sixty dollars per man. The
gentleman divides the whole cost of the Navy,
including the amount necessary for the sup-
port of the Navy, by the number of men. That
j is where he makes his mistake. If he tried
our estimates by that rule he would find this
! result: take twelve thousand men as the basis
I for our estimates, including the officers, and
I the cost per man is $2,350 50 for every man
i in the Navy, while upon the same calculation
; the British navy would cost but $790 per man.
| Now, I am willing to allow all that the gen-
! tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] desires
I me to allow for the difference of currency and
the difference in wages, and for every other
legitimate difference. I have still to ask him,
as I asked last night, for some explanation of
this vast difference in the administration _ of
naval affairs. It is of that which I complain ;
that, for the $14,000,000 average appropria-
tions for the last ten years, exclusive of the war,
for the benefit of the Navy of the United States,
so little has been accomplished. It isa reproach
to the administration of our Navy ; not to this
political Administration, or to any other polit-
ical Administration, but to the administration
of the Navy, that with these appropriations
from year to year the Navy finds itself in that
deplorable condition which has been described
here by its special advocates at this time.
Congress has determined that eighty-five
