(590
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
Sclwyler, East river, New York, ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Columbus, Governor'sIsland,New
York, fifty-two thousand dollars.
For Foit Wood, Bedlow's Island, New York,
sixteen thousand dollars.
For Buttery Hudson, Now York harbor,
thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, Dela-
ware, thirty-seven thousand dollars.
Fur battery at Finn's Point, opposite Fort
Delaware, thirty-three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For a fort at Fort Point., entrance to San
Francisco harbor, California, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For fort at Lime Point, entrance to San
Francisco harbor, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco
harbor, California, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingencies, and preservation and
repair of fortifications, for which there may
be iio special appropriation available, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For construction of sea-coast mortar bat-
teries at existing defensivo positions, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
CtUi'. CCXL.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Repair, Preservation, and Com-
pletion of certain Public Works on Rivers
and Harbors, ami for other purposes, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
of money bo, and are hereby, appropriated,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction and superintendence of the
Socro'ary of War, according to such plans as
shall be by him first selected and approved, for
the repair, preservation, and completion of the
following public works heretofore commenced
under the authority of law, and for other pur-
poses hereinafter named, that, is to say:
For improvement of Superior City harbor,
Wisconsin, forty thousand dollars.
Forimpi-ovementof Ontonagon harbor, Lake
Superior. Michigan^ ten thousand dollars.
For iinprovementof Marquette harbor, Lake
Superior, Michigan, twenty five thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement, of Green Bay harbor, Wis-
consin, seventeen thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For iinprovementof Manitowoc harbor, Wis-
consin, twenty thousand dollars.
For iinprovementof Sheboygan harbor, Wis-
consin. fifteen thousand dollars.
For iinprovementof Milwaukee harbor, Wis-
consin, forty thousand dollars.
_ For improvem* nt of Ilacine harbor, Wiscon-
sin, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Kenosha harbor, Wis-
consin, ten thAisand dollars.
For improvement of Michigan City harbor,
Indiana, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of New Buffalo haibor,
Michigan, five thousand dollars.
For improvement ol Port Washington, harbor, !
Wi.-uoiisin. fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement, of Aux Bees Seies harbor, i
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Manistee harbor, Mich-
igan, twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Pere Marquette harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars. '
For improvement of Pentwater harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of White River harbor,
Michigan, twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Muskcgan harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Grand Haven harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saugatuck harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
F'or improvement of South Haven harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For iinprovementof Saint Joseph harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saint Mary's Falls
canal and Saint Mary's river, Michigan, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Au Sable river, Mich-
igan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saginaw river, Mich-
igan, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of Saint Clair fiats, Mich-
igan, sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of Clinton river, Mich-
igan, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Toledoharbor, Maumee
bay, Ohio, fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Sandusky City harbor,
Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
Forimprovementof Cleveland harbor, Ohio,
twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Conneaut harbor, Ohio,
six thousand dollars.
For improvement of Frie harbor, Pennsyl-
vania, twenty thousand dollars.
For clearing and buoying the channel of the
Schuylkill river at its mouth, at Gibson's Point,
and above to the Chestnut street bridge, Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, fifteen thousand dollars.
F'or improvement of Dunkirk harbor, New
York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Buffalo harbor, New
York, eighty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Olcott harbor, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Charlotte harbor, New
York, twelve thousand dollars.
For improvement of Oak Orchard harbor,
New York, eight thousand dollars.
For improvement of BigSodus harbor, New
York, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Little Sodus harbor,
New York, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Pultneyville harbor,
New \iork, five thousand dollars.
For enlargement, according to the plan of
the engineer department, of harbor facilities
at Oswego, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For ^improvement, of Ogdensburg harbor,
New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
Forimprovementof Plattsburg harbor, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Burlington harbor, Ver-
mont, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Upper Mississippi
river, and removing snags and dredging, thirty-
six thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Wisconsin river,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement, of the Minnesota river,
ten thousand dollars.
For the preservation of the Falls of Saint
Anthony and the navigation of the Mississippi
river above the same, fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
four hundred thousand dollars.
For impi ovemeiit of the Rock Island rapids,
one^ hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Illinois river, one
hundred thousand dollars.
_ For improvement of the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, three hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of the mouth of the Saint
John's river, Florida,fifteen thousand dollars.
For removing obstructions in Town creek,
near Charleston, South Carolina, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of the falls of the Ohio
river and Louisville canal, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas rivers, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Ohio river, fifty
thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Hudson river, New
York, forty thousand dollars.
For removing obstructions in East river.
New York, including Hell Gate, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of New Haven harbor,
Connecticut, fifteen thousand dollars.
- For improvement of Connecticut river, forty
thousand dollars.
Forimprovement of Providence river, Rhode
Island, five thousand dollars.
Forimprovement of Pawtucket river, Rhode
Island, eight thousand dollars.
For construction of breakwater at Block
Island, Rhode Island, thirty thousand dollars.
For preservation and improvement of Bos-
ton harbor, Massachusetts, one hutidied thou-
sand dollais.
For improvement of Hyannis harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, twelve thousand dollars.
For iinprovementof Plymouth harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Taunton river, Mas-
sachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Merrimac river, Mas-
sachusetts, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of ICeunebunk river,
Maine, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saco river, Maine, ten
thousand dollars.
Forimprovementof Portland harbor, Maine,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of ICennebec river, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvemen t of navigation at the "Gut,"
opposite Bath, Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Union river, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Penobscot river,
at Bangor and below, Maine, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the Willamette river at
Portland and to mouth of river, Oregon, thirty-
one thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Tennessee river,
eighty thousand dollars, to be expended below
Chattanooga.
For improvement of Wilmiugton harbor,
Delaware, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Westport harbor, Con-
necticut, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of the channel of the
mouth of the Cape Fear river, in North Caro-
lina, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Galveston harbor,
Texas, twenty-five thousand dollars
For enlargement of harbor facilities at Chi-
cago, Illinois, according to the plans of the
engineer department, one hundred thousand
dollars, and for a harbor of refuge, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For improvement of harbor and bay of
Mobile, Alabama, fifty thousand dolLus,
For the improvement of the Potomac river
between the Long Bridge, in Washington, and
the city of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of James river, in Vir-
ginia, and the removal of bars s nd obstructions
fiom Richmond to and including Harrison's
bar, below the junction of the James and
Appomattox livers, fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Bayou Teche, Louisi-
ana, seventeen thousand five hundred dollars.
For examination and surveys for improve
