1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3593
hundred men are enough for oar Navy. Bat
the Navy Department insists upon disregard-
ing that legislative limit, and have made their
estimate for twelve thousand men. They have
made their estimates for matters to enable
them to carry out their plans in regard to the
Navy without authority of law; and they make
complaint here that the Committee on Appro-
priations have by this bill cut down their esti-
mates from $24,000,000 to $16,000,000, when
we have only made them to conform to the
law of the land. We have only said to them
that Congress proposes to adhere to its policy
in regard to the Navy; that a small, efficient,
well-equipped, and well-manned Navy is bet-
ter than a large Navy going to decay, dilap-
idated, and out of repair.
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I renew the amendment,
and yield to my colleague, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, when 1 pro-
pounded my inquiry to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
I really desired him and his committee to con-
sider the point. I did not expect he would sit
down without replying; that looks as though
he had no reply. I say to him now his calcu-
lation that tne British navy costs but sixty
dollars per man is very far from correct.
Though I have not time to go into details, I
have shown that the disparity between our
naval expenses and those of England results in
great part from the disparity between the prices
of labor and materials in the two countries.
In the British navy, which cost £10,476,253 in
1867-68, equaling $60,000,000 then in our cur-
rency, and estimated this year at $54,000,000,
against $16,641,845 proposed by this bill before
ns, a seaman gets as pay $145 in gold, and
rations amounting to forty-five dollars; making
a total of $190 in gold. In the American Navy
a seamen gets twenty dollars per month, or
$240 a year in currency, and rations equal to
$109 50, an aggregate of $350 in currency
against $190 in gold. The disparity, as I have
already shown, is still greater in the price of
labor. Gentlemen constantly forget that our
navy-yards are being run upon the eight-hour
principle. The loss of one fifth against us
resulting from this is not taken into account.
Permit me to ask what is the great wrong in
the Navy Department or any other Department
comingto Congress and making estimates ? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
seems to think it a crime for the Department
to vary in its new estimates from the appro-
priations that may be made in any particular
year. We are constantly changing our rates
in tariff and tax bills as experience suggests
the propriety of new legislation. Yet when
the Navy Department submits to this House
estimates based upon the skill of men educated
during a lifetime in naval matters the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations in
his wisdom sets himself against all suchauthor-
itie's; he knows more than Army, Navy, and all
other officers of the Government.
Last evening the gentleman underfook to
tell the House that the Navy Department, year
after year, has antagonized the legislative
power, has come in here with new estimates;
that it has committed the gross wrong of ask-
ing appropriations for deficiencies. He knows
that year after year there have been deficiency
bills. In 1866 there was a deficiency bill of
over four million dollars ; in 1867 there was a
deficiency bill of over eleven million dollars;
in 1868 a deficiency bill of over seventeen mil-
lion dollars; in 1869, a deficiency bill of over
twenty-three million dollars; and this has ever
been our experience. The Navy Department
has asked for comparatively a small part of
these deficiency appropriations. Why does
not the gentleman charge the other Depart-
ments of the Government with doing wrong in
coming here for such appropriations? These
deficiency bills are reported because of the
wrong which the gentleman proposes now to
repeat. In order to earn popularity for econ-
omy we fail to make sufficient appropriations.
We do not listen to those who have charge and
especial knowledge of the needs of the several
Departments, but set up our judgment against
theirs; and hence we are obliged to come in
here year by year making appropriations for
deficiencies. A careful scrutiny is right. That
is our duty, I go as far as any man for this;
but experience proves we are continually over-
doing this duty.
In conclusion, let me make to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] who spoke yesterday
a single statement, which may serve as a reply
to the incorrectness of his speech. He erred
to the extent of $3,000,000 when he spoke
about this bill; and it was just at the point
where, from his hour's speech, he declined to
allow me a moment's interruption. He said this
bill appropriates more than a million dollars in
excess of the amount appropriated to the Navy
Department last year. He was ignorant, evi-
dently, that when we made our appropriations
last year there were already over $2,000,000
on hand; and as is known to himself and to the
chairman of the committee, the bill as reported
by me from the conference committee appro-
priated $2,000,000 more for deficiencies in the
current fiscal year, ending June 30,1870. The
present bill appropriates $16,641,845, against
$21,821,000 required for the service of the cur-
rent fiscal year, yet. the gentleman refused to
allow me to make this correction. His error
in that one item illustrates how wrong he was
generally in his speech; and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is scarcely
more correct in his comparisons. I hope the
Committee of the Whole will not be misled by
those gentlemen, but will give us ten thousand
men for our Navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Navy at present em-
braces eighty-five hundred men. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from California proposes
to add fifteen hundred to that number. The
Secretary of the Navy, in a communication
sent to Congress some time ago, stated this
increased number to be necessary, and gave
the reasons. The letter has been printed, and
I suppose every member who cares to read it
has done so. The question rests entirely with
us. If we want to keep afloat as many vessels
as we have now we need these additional fif-
teen hundred men. If we want to take some
of them from the ocean and lay them up, then
let us say so. If we can withdraw a portion
of the fleet from the Mediterranean, from the
East, from the Pacific, or from the Atlantic
coast, if we do not need them, then let that
be done. It is entirely a question within the
discretion of Congress. There is no need for
scolding about the Navy Department or any
officer of the Navy Department. If we want
this service let us say so in good nature. If,
on the other hand, we want some ships with-
drawn, if we want to diminish the Navy we
now have, let us say so to the Secretary and
officers of the Navy.
The same remark might be made about the
complaint of the number of officers in the
Navy. I sat here last night and heard some of
the very men who advocated, and if I mistake
not who voted for the present law, which fixes
the number of officers in the Navy, complain
of the large number of officers we have in the
Navy and the very little service we had for
them to do. It is the same problem all coun-
tries have had to solve, that is, how we may
have ready a large navy in time of war, while
we shall have a navy economically adminis-
tered in time of peace. We have just emerged
from a great and protracted war, in which we
had to use a considerable navy, involving the
employment of many vessels arid a large num-
ber of officers. Now, if we wish to pass a bill
to turn out the officers in the Navy we now
have, after enticing them from other business,
and after having made them, from the very
nature of their service, almost unfitted for any j
civil employment by which to support them- i
selves and families ; if we wish to turn out these
men who have dono such gallant service for
the country, let us say so, and let us say so
explicitly ; but do not, let us get up here like
scolds and complain because these men hold
office to-day under the law, and because we
have not enough for them to do. In time of
war we would have enough and more than
enough for them to do ; but in time of pcace we
have not.
Gentlemen say there are so many down here
at the navy-yard, and so many at the Obser-
vatory, and so many on duty at the Navy De-
partment. To be sure ; where else would you
put them? War called them into existence,
and in order to carry out the wise political
maxim that in time of peace we should be
prepared for war these naval officers have
been continued. If they do not do this duty,
which must be done by somebody, are they to
remain idle and grow indolent? As I have
said, you have enticed them away from other
occupations, where, perhaps, they might have
been more prosperous. You have placed them
here, and now if you wish to turn them out do
so ; but do not scold at them all the time as if,
instead of being graduates of your Naval School,
they were so many graduates of the peniten-
tiary. if we do not wish to have these men,
let us direct the Secretary of the Navy to call
some of our squadrons home and lay up the
ships to rot, so that the next war shall find us
weak and unprepared for naval conflict. If
we wish to do this unwise thing, let Congress
manfully take the responsibility; but do not
let us make the present Secretary of the Navy
the scape goat for all the ills to which the
Republic may now be subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBUIiN, of Wisconsin. I believe
the committee understands this question, and
I therefore ask for a vote.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 36, noes 64; no quorum voting.
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Myers and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided; and there
were—ayes 41, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to add the following:
For contingent expenses of the Navy Department,
$125,000.
Mr. Chairman, the amount of the estimate
was $150,000; but it does not appear in the
bill, because we had no details specified for
which this money was deemed necessary. We
find on inquiry that among the items for which
this appropriation is asked are rent and furni-
ture of all buildings and offices not in navy-
yards; expenses of all courts-martial, courts
of inquiry, boards of investigation, examining
boards, with clerks and witness fees and trav-
eling expenses and costs ; stationery and record*
ing; all expenses of purchasing-paymasters'
offices at the various cities, including clerks,
furniture, fuel, stationery, and incidental ex-
penses ; newspapers and advertising; all for-
eign postage, which is very large; all telegraph-
ing, foreign and domestic; mail and express
wagons, and livery and express fees and freight;
all books for the use of the Navy; lawyers' and
experts' fees and costs of all suits; all com-
missions, warrants, diplomas, and discharges;
relief of vessels in distress and pilotage; re-
covery of valuables from shipwrecks; care and
transportation of the dead; and all other ex-
penses which, though constantly arising, can-
not be anticipated or classified.
Mr. SARGENT. The amount of the esti-
mate of the Navy Department was $150,000.
The amount proposed by this amendment is
$125,000, or a reduction of $25,000 on the esti-
mate. I shall not oppose the amendment so
far as this is concerned, but will consent to it.
I should like, however, to make one or two
remarks. I had not an opportunity of finish-
ing my remarks on the previous amendment,
