1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
ran ? The gentleman thinks by inference from
the passage of the bill. My amendment, bat the
bill does not, proposes to make it certain that
the term of them shall ran from the time when
the government of Georgia shall be regularly
organized aa a State government, and not be
provisional. Up to this time the government of
thatStatehasbeen provisional only, and mostof
the time, in the language of our laws, " illegal
and revolutionary." Now, I do not mean to
place myself in the position of saying to these
rebels—because they still remain so—who by
force and fraud kept the loyal men, white and
black, oat of the Legislature for two years,
" You shall gain by that violent and fraudulent
action; yon may deprive the negroes duly
elected and qualified by fraud and violence of
their seats in the Legislature till the two years
have expired for which they were chosen, and
then you shall have a new election by which
yon may get into the places which they never
have enjoyed." I propose that the men, white
and black, who were elected to the Legislature
shall have two years' service is a legal Legis-
lature. That is my point. That fraud and
violence shall gun nothing. That loyal and
true men daly elected shall serve out their fuH
term in a duly organized Legislature of a loyal
State of this Union, even if it takes ten years
to overcome and set right the wrong by which
they have been despoiled of their just rights
and privileges 
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me a single suggestion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My time
is fast going.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I simply want to
make a suggestion; for as I understand we
want a fair discussion of this question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. What does the gen-
tleman do with the State officers who were duly
inaugurated as officers of the State of Georgia
nearly two years ago, and who have served from
that time till now ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
coming to that.
Now, sir, I pcopose to treat those negroes
who were turned oat of the Georgia Legisla-
ture precisely as I would have treated a loyal
Legislature in Georgia in 1861, if there had
been such men there and they had been driven
out by the rebels. As soon as the government
of the State came under the eontrol of the
United States I would have reinstated those
men in their places, and given them the fall
term of time for which they had been elected,
although five years, from 1861 to 1865, had
intervened, in which they had been kept oat
by force of rebellion.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts will also state what he proposes
to do with the members who served in the last
Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will have patience to wait and hear what
I have to s&y he will see that I hxve considered
each and all his propositions.
1 now cone to the right* of the executive
officers of the State of Georgia. The great
horror of the gentleman from Illinois seems to
be the Governor of Georgia. He serais to be
as much inflamed when he contemplates the
Governor as a turkey-cock is at the sight of
an old red rag. [Laughter.]
The case of the Governor is this: he has
heen for months at least under General Terry,
doing what General Terry told him to do, with-
out power or rights as Governor. Georgia has
been under military government, in a state
which we regard as disorganized, revolution-
ary, and illegal. Are we to acquiesce in the
Bets of perjury aud frand perpetrated by an
illegal Legislature, and permit them by snch
means to shorten the term of a loyal Governor?
Are we going to allow man to remain in places
to which they have no right, and in which they
could not have been placed if it had not been
for peijury and fraud, and when w« have
forced them out then refuse to give back the
power where it belongs? I will tell gentlemen
that I mean very distinctly what I wish and
will try to accomplish. I mean that these men,
the officers and legislators duly elected in
Georgia, shall have and enjov the exact term
of office to which they were elected—the exact
time they would have had if perjury and fraud
had not driven them from their rights. I pro-
pose to give them fair play; and if there is one
thing more than another which I will live up
to, itis to stand up in all places and at all times
that all men may have fair play.
These officials in Georgia have not had just
rights. They were driven from the seats to
which they were elected. They have not had
fair play accorded to them if we do not permit
them to occupy the offices to which they had
been elected, and for the full term, unmolested.
I propose to give them the full place and power
which the people gave them, with none to
hinder.
I ask any man here who thinks of voting
against this proposition to stop and ask him-
self, " What do I want of a new election in
Georgia? Why should I interfere to give a
chance to those who have abused it to obtain
power at an early day?" In the amendment I
sent to the Clerk's desk it will be observed,
however, that I have proposed not an enabling
but a restrictive clause. I have left the ques-
tion to Georgia, to the State of Georgia, how
long shall be the term of the present officers.
I say only that they shall not perpetuate them-
selves beyond two years. It is more than prob-
bable that they might do so under this consti-
,; t.ution, but the amendment i3 that although they
, j may have the right so to do, yet they shall not
II perpetuate themselves. The question is left
j j to the State of Georgia to settle for herself
whether she will order an election sooner, but
not later than two years. If she desires to
order an election sooner, my amendment per-
mits her so to do. If Bhe does not she can let
it run longer, but not longer than two years.
It gives tnese officers all the term for which
they were elected, all that they ought to have,
and of which they were illegally deprived, and
no more. In other words, it gives them fair
play, equal justice, and no more.
In the few minutes I have left I desire to
answer the other question of the gentlemaa
from Illinois, and that % what are we to do
with the Representatives which come fromtho
State of Georgia after we pass this bill? I am
going to do precisely what he will do if we do
not pass this bill—leave it to each House to
dispose of the question for itself. If the gen-
tleman wishes to put into the bill a provision
that it shall not affect any rights of these Rep-
resentatives one way or the other, or there
shall be no members received until anew elec-
tion, be it so; I do not know I should object
to it. I would feel it to be my duty to permit
such an amendment to be offered. I propose
to leave the question of representation with
each House, for, as I do not hold that the Sen*
ate can interfere with the admission of Repre-
sentatives from Georgia upon this floor, I do
not wish to interfere with the admission of
Senators. I wish the State to be in a condi-
tion to be represented, provided she sends
proper persons as Representatives, dalyelaoted
in a proper manner; but I leave that question
to be decided by each House for itself.
I have sow, as well as I could, brought before
the Hons* the exact questions which we are
called upon to considerj bat I still wish to re-
call the attention of the House for one moment
to what the main question is. We said by our
laws that Georgia should not be admitted with-
out doing certain acts. We have heretofore
said by law she has not done those acts. We
now find her claiming to be in the condition of
having done those acts whieh we required, and
your committee report that she ought to be
admitted to representation and take her place
in the gxeat family of States, and this bill is
simply to so admit her.
One word further. This bill is of the last
consequence to good government aud equal
rights, for, until we provide by law for the ad-
mission of Georgia, I fear many people will say
that her action in accepting the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments to the constitution is null
and void, because done by a Legislature which
we have declared to be provisional only by law,
and we pass no law to remedy this if this act
fails. We can rid ourselves of this question
only by bringing Georgia in by law in this the
proper way. This makes our action almost
vital to the fifteenth amendment, and makes it
vital that we should pass this bill.
The bill is now before the House, and I hope
it will receive exactly what the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] said it ought to
have, a fair discussion. The friends of the bill
will not seek in any way to prevent that. We
•re not afraid of the conclusion. We offered,
therefore, against the wish of the opponents of
the bill, to give all day to-morrow for that dis-
cussion.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I pre-
sume there are some members of this House
whose recollections, not with standing all thedis*
cassions of the Georgia question, are not very
exact as to what has been the legislation in
regard to Georgia heretofore. There are many
new members who were not members of the
last Congress, and I particularly ask their at-
tention in order that we may vote understand-
ing^ upon thisr which I regard as a very import-
ant measure. We have, it seems to me, got far
enough into a muddle with reference to oar re-
construction legislation, and I think the sooner
we finish it and the plainer we make it the better
it will be for all concerned. In March, 1868,
the constitution of Georgia was framed, sub-
mitted to a vote of the people, and ratified by
a very large majority. At the same time it wa3
provided by the constitution that tui election
should'be held for representatives to the Legis-
lature and for State officers. The Legislature
was elected, and State officers also. The pres-
ent Governor, Governor Bullock, was elected
at that time.
A Member. At what time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Shortly after the
adoption of thft Constitution. I think the elec-
tion was hfeld in April. In the following June
Congress passed an act to admit the States of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida to representation m Con-
gress. By the preamble of this act we declared
just what is proposed to be declared again in
the bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] that the State of Georgia had
adopted a Constitution republican in form by
n large majority of its citizens; and we pro-
vided that those several States should be ad-
mitted to representation in Congress when
their Legislatures, which had bee?! elected in
pursuance of their constitutions, sfcoald have
ratified the fourteenth tirtictfi 5f the amend-
ments to the Constitution4, and when, in addition
thereto, they shonldjfitfe their consent to certain
fundamental conditions contained it) the act.
As to Georgia, it was provided that her Legis-
lature should also give its consent to the con-
dition imposed upon the State by the act nulli-
fying certain provisions of its constitution ill
regard to the bringing Of suits. That is the
exception to which the gentleman from Mas-*
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] alluded. It is an
exception which is of no consequetice so far
as the elucidation of the question now before
the House is concerned. We provided that
certain previsions of the constitution of Georgia
in regard to the bringing of suits should be
void, and that her Legislature should assent
to that before she should be entitled to repre-
sentation. And that was the only exception
We made which took the case of Georgia in any
way out of the general rnle as to the other
States named in the title of the act. All those
States were admitted to representation in both
Houses of Congress in pursuance of that law
except Georgia. Congress passed no new law
