1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5481
States court is there, a custom-house is there,
and all these things want accommodations;
and here it is certilied to by the architect of
the Treasury, certified to by the United States
judge, certified to by the Chamber of Com-
merce and all the authorities, that the present
accommodations are entirely insufficient. In
fact there is an order passed by the court there
reciting that they cannot hold court there any
longer ; in the first place because the room is
not large enough, and in the second place the
noise is so great that tliey cannot understand
one another. There is therefore a case of the
most absolute necesssity, and I think there are
certain distinctions to be made between one
amendment and another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator Irom
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, McDonald, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey. Itiec, Robertson, ltoss, Stockton,
Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Williams, and Yates—1-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayara, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Casserly, Conkling, Davis, Edmund*-,Fenton, llamil-
ton t>t' Maryland, Harris, Howell, Johnston, Lewis,
AloCroery, Morrill of Maino, Morrill of Vermont,
Pratt, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman,
Trumbull. Willey, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs.Abbott, Ames, Borcman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Cattoll, Chandler, Cole, Corbett. Ora-
giii, Drake, l.'Y.i ry, Flanagan, Fowler, Grilbei t, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Ilarl.an, Howard, Kowe, Kel-
logg, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Revels,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stewart, Sumner, and
Yickers—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY, I move to reconsider the
votes by which the other appropriations of
this character were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will pardon me, 1 make this suggestion : that
he take a vote on this when the bill comes into
the Senate.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I would rather it should
be settled now.
Mr. STOCKTON. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. RICE. Let it be settled on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. STOCKTON. I offer an amendment,
to come in after the last amendment adopted
inserting public buildings.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And be it further enactcd. That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorised and
directed to cause to bo constructed a suitable build-
iusr, fire-proof, at Trenton, New Jersey, for the ac-
commodation of the post office, UnitedStatcs circuit
and district courts, pension and internal levcnue
oihces, and for this purpose there is hereby appro-
priated, out of any monevin the Treasury not othcr-
wiso appropriated, $100,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
cause proper plans and estimates to be made, so
that no expenditure shall b« made or authorized
for the full completion of said building beyond the
amount herein appropriated: Prowled, That no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or applied
lor the purpose until avalid title to tho land for the
site of such building shall be vested in the United
SLates, and until the State shall also duly release
and relinquish to the United States tho right to tax
or in any way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may bo thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will make an additional
remark or two, but it ought to be unnecessary
for me to say anything, as this measure has
already passed the Senate unanimously, and
the Senate of the United States has already
given its assent to it. It may not be parlia-
mentary for me to give my reasons in detail,
liut it is proper for me to say that from wliat^I
learn it is more than probable that if this is
put in the bill now it will pass tho House or
a committee of conference. I may be mis-
taken ; but 1 hope thatwill be the case. That
is the reason I offer it here at this tirne.^
Senators will remember that the district em-
bracing Jersey City and Newark is the fourth
or fifth district in the collection of internal
revenue in the United States, and it is growing
faster than perhaps any part of the country.
It is really in a business aspect a part of New
York, advancing with gigantic strides. We
never needed a court-house in Trenton partic-
ularly until the war began, because we had a
little room in which the United States court
did its small business in the capital of our State,
although the United States Government paid
a considerable rent for it. Since the war began,
and all the criminal business as well as civil
business arising out of the internal revenue
fell on the district court of the United States,
it has been utterly impossible to do the busi-
ness. The courts of the State all meet in the
same building. There is the court of appeals,
the court of chancery, the supreme court with
two branches, frequently meeting at the same
time, so that the accommodations for this court
and its business are entirely inadequate. The
present judge of the court took the trouble to
come to Washington and make a report of the
matter to Congress. I think this amendment
ought to pass unanimously, as it did before.
If I am mistaken, and the Ilonse does not
agiee, it is not my fault then or the fault of
the Senate, who have already expiessed their
opinion on the matter.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr, POMEROY. I thought I made a motion
to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to act now on the motion
to reconsider?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was endeavor-
ing to get the floor on the proposition of the
Senator fiom New Jersey, if it is not too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not notice the Senator from Maine, but
tho vote will be considered as not having been
taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it is no fault
of the Chair. Tho Senate was not divided on
the amendment of my hono'rable friend from
New Jersey, but the proposition is so like tlie
one just passed upon in most of its features
that i think I ought to ask for a division upon
it. If the vote which was taken on the Leaven-
worth proposition is the judgment of the Sen-
ate, it would shorten very much the proceed-
ings on this bill. I should dislike to sit here and
oppose one proposition and then allow another
of kindred nature to go through without divid-
ing the Senate. 1 feel that that responsi-
bility rests ou me as managing the bill. If I
am to feel instructed by the vote of the Senate
on the Leavenworth proposition, it becomes my
duty to oppose all other kindred propositions.
Therefore 1 would not feel at liberty to sit by
and not divide the Senate upon any amend-
ment of this character. I hope, therefore, it is
not too late: if it is, 1 shall have to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I will waive my moti m
to reconsider, and move my amendment again,
putting in a smaller sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am speaking
of the proposition of the Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
was speaking about the Leavenworth amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I wish to
divide the Senate on this proposition, because
I fee! instructed by the vote of the Senate that
it will not entertain this class of propositions.
If it is not too late I call for a division on the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey,
Mr. STOCKTON. T feel it my duty to say
to the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that the cases are not par-
allel in any whatever. I voted for the propo-
sition of my friend from Kansas, and will vote
for it again; but if I understand it, the court
is not there yet. Here is a court that has
been sitting since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and which is doing a business that it
is impossible to get along with. It is your own
Federal court. We in New Jersey have given
you all the accommodations wo can, and you
have paid us, and are paying us, more than
the accommodations you have are worth. This
proposition, therefore;, is a matter of economy
and necessity.
The Committee on Public Buildings, if I
understand the way they judge of these eases—
and I appeal to the chairman of that committee
if I am not right—feel that it is a proper thing
eventually and gradually to put a public build-
ing in ihe capital of every State in this Union
for G overnment purposes, where the courts shall
meet. That is our theory. I am on that com-
mittee myself, but we do not feel that it is right
to tax the nation at this time too much, and
therefore at this session we propose to give
these appropriations to those capitals that need
them the most, to begin with those States
which are doing the most business, and where
the courts have the most business; and I can-
not see how my friend from Maiue, with his
usual acuteness, can put these two cases on a
parallel. I do iiotthink it would befair in him
to raise a question on my amendment when it
has twice received tho assent of the Senate
without a single vote against it. Twice thero
has been a vote of tho Senate on my proposi-
tion and twice there has not been one dissent-
ing voice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In order to make
progress [ will content myself with having a
division in the Senate, and allow it to pass now.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not move a recon-
sideration now. I will bring up my amend-
ment again in the Senate with a less sum in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to
come in immediately at the head of the miscel-
laneous chapter ; and I will state that it is in
pursuance of a vote of the Committee on For-
i eign Relations, and according to notice already
given to the Committee on Appropriations:
For mi examination and survey, under tho diroc-
tiou of the President of the United States, of the
routes of Tehuantepce and Nicaragua, in order to
ascertain the practicability of a sbip-canal at theso
placosbetwecii'the AtiaiiticaudPacific oceans, $3v),0l'0.
The amendment was agteed to.
Mr. NYE. Immediately followingthat, under
the head *' miscellaneous," I move to insert:
To pay salary of consul at Port Said, Dgypt, $2,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does that come
from any committee?
Mr. NYE. From two, tho Committee on
Commerce and the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
will remember that in the consular bill, under
consideration tho other day, a consulate was
created at Port Said ; and this is to make the
appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is well
enough.
'i'he amenduient was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Ventilation to move the following amend-
ment to the bill, to come in on page 30, after
line sis hundred and sixty-eight:
For enlarging the shafts of escape for tho impure
i:ir of tho Senate Chamber, $2,500.
I will state to the Senate that this is an esti-
mate of the architect, which we obta ned to
enlarge the shafts forthe escape of impure air;
and then I move an additional section on the
last page for the same purpose :
A:id be it j'i'.rih-T cnncted, That tho Scrgeant-at-
Arias of tho Senate be, and he is hereby authorized
and directed to purchase two exhaust-fans, one en-
gine, exhaust-z^pes, a::'., for the removal of the im-
pureair of the SenntoChamher; and there is hereby
appropriated tho sum of $5,000 to purchase the same,
or so much thereof as luay be necessary: provided.
That the improvements be made under the super-
vision of the engineer of tho Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
amendment by adding:
And that 1b.e joint Committee on Ventilation be
instructed to inquire into the practicability and
