1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4537
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest that the
question had better be taken upon these amend-
ments separately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest that perhaps it would be better to vote
first upon all amendments relating to the first
section of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. How many amendments
are now pending to this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not in-
formed as to the exact number.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to any amend-
ments which are not in order under the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair first ruled
that the amendments offered on behalf of the
Committee for the District of Columbia should
be first voted upon ; but upon reflection, the
Chair is of opinion that the amendments just
read, offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Gilfillax,] a member of the Dis-
trict of. Columbia Committee, relating as they
do to different sections of the bill, should be
voted upon after the amendments which may
be offered to the first section of the bill shall
have been disposed of.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Gil-
fillajj :]
Provided, That all pavements in front of any park
or parks shall bo paid for by the city of Washington.
To make the Government of the United
States pay for paving in front of public parks
would be a thing unprecedented in this coun-
try or any other. These parks are for the ben-
efit of the city, not of the General Government.
I desire that the Government shall be treated
like individuals. Let it pay only for the paving
in front of its own property, not for the pave-
ment in front of public parks, from v/hich the
Government enjoys no advantage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the House will agree
to an amendment I have prepared it will carry
out exactly what the gentleman is advocating.
Mr. LOGAN. I am in favor of the gentle-
man's amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment which
I desire to offer provides that the Government
shall pave only in front of its own property.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
suggest that this bill cannot be acted on intel-
ligently unless, in accordance with the rule, it
be read by sections, amendments to each sec-
tion being offered in their order.
■Mr. KELSEY. I insist that the rule bo fol-
lowed, and that the bill be now read by sections
for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
direct that that course be pursued. The first
section will be read, after which amendments
to that section will be in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, &c„ That t,ho Secretary of the Inte-
rior, Brevet Brigadier General N. Michler, engineer
in charge of public buildings and grounds, hjuI tuc
mayor of the oity of Washington, 01- their successors
in office, bo, and they aro hereby, appointed a com-
mission to select and determine the best kind ot
pavement to be used in paving Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and to have said thoroughfare paved Jierewnli
from the northwest gate of the Capitol grounds to
the crossing of Fifteenth street west, as heremaitur
provided.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend by striking out
"Brevet Brigadier General N. Michler/' and
inseiting in lieu thereof the words, ''the Sec-
retary of the Treasury) the chief justice J-"®
supreme court, the;*' so that the bill shall
name as the commissioners "the Secretary
of the Interior, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the chief justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, the engineer in charge
of public buildings and grounds, and the mayor
of the city of Washington." I observe that in
the original bill five persons were named as
commissioners, while thebill, as amended by
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
restricts the number to three. My amendment
increases the number to five, and those are the
officers I have just designated. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Why not add as commis-
sioners the chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the solicitor of
the Court of Claims? I think they have about
as much to do with this question as the officers
named.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Ela.] It seems to me that to require the
Secretary of the Interior, or the Secretary of
the Treasury, or any other Cabinet officer, or
any supreme judge, or any similar public offi-
cial to be an inspector of pavements in this
city is simply an insult to the dignity of the
offices which they occupy.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Ela
there were—ayes 2, noes 55; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ela and Mr.
Cook were appointed.
'The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 2, noes 58.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that tke committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to; there being—
ayes 6G, noes 41.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr, CULLOM reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the' Private Calendar, having
had under consideration the bill (S. No. 00)
to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania ave-
nue, had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. KNOTT. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Mary E.
Poster, widow of James Foster, private of
company K, sixth Missouri volunteers, Cor act
granting her a pension on account of the ser-
vice of her husband.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The memo-
rial of the Menomonee tribe of Indians, in the
State of Wisconsin.
By Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of H. EL Close and others, of Covington, Ken-
tucky, for the establishment of a uniform tax
of sixteen cents per pound on all manufactured
tobacco and snuff.
Also, the petition of J. M. Stansifer, of
Boone county, Kentucky, for removal of his
political disabilities.
By Mr. WHITMORE: The petition of W.
W. Wallace, of San Augustine, Texas, for
removal of his political disabilities.
NOTICE OF BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule :
By Mr. DICKINSON : A bill to establish a
post route from Clarksfield, via Ilartland, to
Olena, in the State of Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Fr.in.vT, June 17, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
HOUSE BILL llliEKRKED.
.The joint resolution (H. II. No. 329) m re-
lation to the contest between the people of
Cuba and the Government of Spain was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Charles H. Sayre, of Utica, Oneida county,
New York, praying for the extension of his
patent for cultivator-teeth ; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Robert
Murray, late United States marshal for the
southern district of New York, praying for
relief from certain judgments obtained against
him for acts done in his official capacity during
the rebellion, under instructions from the Gov-
ernment ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Marcus Walker, of Louisiana, praying com-
pensation for cotton seized by United State3
troops in April, 18G3 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present a memorial signed
by Lewis M. Rutherfurd, of New York city;
I1'. A. P. Barnard, of Columbia College, New
York ; Stephen Alexander, of the College of
New Jersey, Princeton; John F. Frazer. of the
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, and
sundry other gentlemen, praying an appropria-
tion of money so that the principal telescope
at the Naval Observatory at Washington be
replaced by one of superior power. I move
its reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. As that committee may
report an amendment which may be sent to the
Committee on Appropriations, 1 present asim-
ilar petition and move its reference to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
W. G. T. Nelson and Lewis A. Boggs, ofSpott-
sylvania csunty, Virginia, and of James Hiter,
of Louisa county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of William R.
Robson, of Woodville, Rappahannock county,
Virginia, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. WILSON presented tho petition of Mary
A. Simpson, of Cohassot, Norfolk county, Mas-
sachusetts, mother of the late Oliver E. Simp-
son, corporal company I of the first regiment
of Massachusetts infantry volunteers, praying
to bo allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Joel
Fields, of Russell county, Virginia, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Mary D.
Anderson, of Portsmouth, Virginia, praying to
bo allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
Benjamin Selby, of John Rodman, of W. R.
Bates, of G. M. Jessee, of John Catherwood,
and of William T. Love, of Kentucky, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Thomas C. Moody, of Marion county, South
Carolina, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEllOY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. 11. No. 2052) to amend the homestead act,
reported it without amendment. _
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 9U2) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and wifcnm
