1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Laws of the, United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
m^nts oa the north and northwestern lakes
and rivers, and the Atlantic and Pacific coasts,
and for contingencies of rivers and harbors not
provided for in this act, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to cause
examinations or surveys, or both, to be made
at the following points, namely: at Charles-
ton, South Carolina; at Cyprus bayou, Texas;
at the Housatonic river, below Derby, Con-
necticut ; at Bridgeport harbor, Connecticut;
at Southport harbor, Connecticut; at Fifteen-
Mile falls, New Hampshire; at Pawtucket
river, Iihode Island and Connecticut; at Nar-
ragausett pier, Rhode Island ; Cocheco river,
at, Dover, New Hampshire; at Royals river,
Maine; at Narragangus river, Maine; Sulli-
van river, Maine; at Sullivan's falls, between
the towns of Hancock and Sullivan; at South
river, New Jersey ; at mouth of Salem river,
New Jersey; at James river, Virginia, between
Richmond and City Point, including Harri-
son's bar below the point; Appomattox river,
Viiginia, fiom Petersburg to its mouth ; James
river and Kanawha canal, Virginia; at Rap-
pahannock river, below Fredericksburg, Vir-
ginia; at Roanoke river, North Carolina; at
Coosa river, Alabama; at Mobile harbor,
Alabama; at Cumbei'land river, from its
mouth to the head of navigation ; at Tombig-
bee river, in Alabama and Mississippi from its
mouth to the head of navigation; at, Saint
Louis and Alton harbors, Mississippi river,
between Alton and mouth of Merrimac river;
at Osage river, Missouri; at Ouachita, Little
Missouri, and Petit Jane rivers, Arkansas ; at
Bayou Saint John, from the mouth of Bayou
Saint John, Louisiana, through Lake Ponchar-
frain and the liigolet, to Ship Island; at Indi-
anola harbor, Texas; at Corpus Christi, Texas;
at Buffalo bayou, for a channel of navigation
through Buffalo bayou and Galveston bay, to
Bolivar channel, near the outer bar in the Gulf
of Mexico; at Sheboygan river, Michigan ; at
Harbor of Refuge, on Lake Huron, between
Saint Clair river and Point au Barques, Mich-
igan ; at Port Clinton, Ohio ; for survey or
examination of the bars and other obstruc-
tions to navigation of the Cache, St. Francis
Little Red, White, and Black rivers, Arkansas;
for survey or examination of the bar of the
Sacramento river, California, known as the
Hog's Back, for the purpose of removing the
same; at the mouth of Oconto river, Wiscon-
sin; at the mouth of the Ahuepee river, Wis-
consin ; at Chester harbor, on the Delaware
river, Pennsylvania; at Alpeena harbor, Mich-
igan ; at the mouth of the Cape Fear river,
North Carolina; fof ship-canal route from Hen-
nepin, on the Illinois river, to Rock Island,
on the Mississippi river, via Geneseo, by the
most direct and feasible route; at Peconic river
below Riverhead, New York; at the entrance
to Port Jefferson harbor.'on the south side of
Long Island sound; at Rocky river, Ohio; at
Salmon river, Lake Ontario, New lork; at
the mouth of Two Rivers, Wisconsin; at the
mouth of Trinity river, Texas; at Delaware
river, between the city of Trenton and Borden-
town; at Shrewsbury river, New Jersey; at the
mouth of Sabine liver, Texas; at French Broad
river, Tennessee ; at Pine river, Saginaw bay,
Michigan; at Brazos, San Jago, Texas ; at the
mouth of Muskingum river, Ohio; at Glouces-
ter harbor, Massachusetts; at the harbor of
Cambridge and the harbor of Queenstown,
Maryland ; at the mouth of the Apalachicola
river, Florida; at Nag's Head, in North Caro-
lina, with a view of reopening the old inlet near
that place; survey of the Wabash river, from
its mouth to the town of Wabash, Indiana; for
the survey of the Willamette river, above
Orpgon City, Oregon ; for the survey of the
Umpqua river, Oregon.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the
sum of forty-two thousand [and] nine hundred
dollars be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
to the widening and deepening the ship-canal
in the Patapsco river and Chesapeake bay,
leading toward the harbor of Baltimore.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of twelve thousand dollars, of any unap-
propriated moneyin the Treasury, be paid and
applied, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, to deepen the harbor or waters at the
mouth of the Susquehanna river.
**Seu. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and re-
quired to detail three engineers, whose duty it
shall be to examine all bridges now erected,
or in processof erection, across the Ohio river,
and to report whether, in their opinion, such
bridges, or any of them, as now constructed,
or proposed to be constructed, do or will inter-
fere with the free and safe navigation of said
river; and if they do or will so interfere, to
report also what extent of span and elevation
above water will be required to prevent ob-
struction to navigation, and their estimate of
the cost required to change such bridges now
built, or being built, to such width of span and
elevation above the water as will prevent ob-
struction to navigation, such report to be made
and communicated to the next session of Con-
gress.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXLI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Olfice De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Che United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, out of any moneys in
the Treasury arising from the revenues of the
said Department, in conformity to the act of
the second of July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six:
For transportation of the mail inland, includ-
ing pay of mail messengers, route agents, mail
route agents, local agents, postal railway clerks,
and baggage masters, thirteen million five hun-
dred and six thousand eight hundred andninety-
three dollars.
For transportation of the foreign mail, four
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For pay of postmasters, five million dol-
lars.
For pay of clerks in post offices, two million
five hundred thousand dollars.
For pay of letter-carriers, one million two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of blank agents and assistants, eight
thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For postage stamps and envelopes, five hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars: Provided,
That no part of this appropriation shall be
expended for stamped envelopes beyond a
temporary supply sufneientfor use till the first
day of October next, except to carry out con-
tracts hereafter to be made with the lowest
bidder according to law upon samples to be
furnished by the Postmaster General.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand two hundred dollars.
For mail bags and mail bag catchers, one
hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For maillocks, keys, and stamps, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, thirty-live thousand
dollars.
For twine, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For letter-balances, three thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For office furniture, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For advertising, forty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of the sum shall be paid
to any paper published in the District of Coin m-
bia for advertising mail routes, except in Vir-
ginia and Maryland.
For miscellaneous payments, including bal-
ances due foreign countries, and to postmas-
ters for rent, light, fuel, and incidental ex-
penses, registered, package, and official envel-
opes, for postmasters, fees to United States
attorneys, marshals, and clerks of court, eight
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For post-route maps, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For money transferred by postmasters and
deposited in the Treasury on postage receipts,
one million dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
following sums, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, viz:
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between San B>an-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXLII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act making Appropriations to
supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and for other purposes,"
approved April twenty, eighteen hundred
and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proviso in the
clause in act of April twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and for other
purposes," limiting the pay of registrars and
sheriffs in the fifth military district to five dol-
lars per day, be, and the same is hereby, so
amended as to authorize the payment of six
dollars per day to said registrars and sheriffs,
instead of five as therein provided.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXLIII.—An Act to regulate the pur-
chase of Fuel for the Legislative, Executive,
and Judicial Departments, and for the Mili-
tary and Naval Establishments of the United
States in the District of Columbia.
Beit enacted by the Senate andHonse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and afler the
passage of this act it shall not be lawful for
any officer or person in the civil, military, or
naval service of the United States in the Dis-
trict of Columbia to purchase anthracite or
bituminous coal or wood for the public service,
except on condition that the same shall, before
delivery, be inspected and weighed or measured
by some competent person to be appointed by
the head of the Department or chief' of the
branch of the service for which the puich;u>e
is made, and that the person so appointed shall,
before entering upon the duty of inspector,
