692
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[July 11,
•ilsx Cong....2d Sess.
Laius of the United States.
weigher, and measurer, and to the satisfaction
of the appointing officer, bind himself with
not less than two sureties, in the penal sum of
five thousand dollars, that each and every ton
of coal weighed by him shall consist of two
thousand two hundred and forty pounds, and
that each and every cord of wood to be so
measured shall be of the standard measure of
one hundred and twenty-eight cubic feet. And
the inspector, weigher, and measurer hereby
to be appointed, shall be entitled to receive
from the vendors of fuel weighed and measured
by him, twenty cents for each ton of coal
weighed, and nine cents for each cord of wood
measured by him : Provided, That each load or
parcel of wood or coal weighed and measured
by him shall be accompanied by his certificate
of the number of tons or pounds of coal and
the number of cords or parts of cords of wood
in each load or parcel.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting ollicer of the Treasury shall
be furnished with a copy of the appointment
of each inspector, weigher, and measurer ap-
pointed under this act, and that it shall not be
lawful for any accounting officer to pass or
allow to the credit of any disbursing officer in
the District of Columbia, any money paid by
liim for purchase of anthracite or bituminous
coal, or for wood, unless the voucher therefor
is accompanied by a certificate of the proper
inspector, weigher, and measurer, that the
quantity paid for has been determined by him
as required by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
Congress may at any time repeal, amend, or
alter this act..
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXLIV.—An Act to establish a Port
of Delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Haife of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the city of St. Joseph,
in tlieStateof Missouri, shall be, and is hereby,
constituted a port of delivery, annexed to and
made a part of the collection district of New
Orleans, and shall be subject to the same reg-
ulations and restrictions as other ports of de-
livery in the United States, and all the priv-
ileges and facilities afforded by the act of
Congress of the second March, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, en til led ''An act allowing
ihe duties on foreign merchandise impoited
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, fit. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be
secured and paid at those places," shall be
extended to said port. A surveyor of customs
shall bo appointed to reside at said port and
perform thedntiesprescribed bylaw, who shall
receive the same compensation now provided,
or which may hereafter be provided, bylaw for
surveyors of the same grade.
AmiovED, July 11, 1870.
Cj.'AP. CCXLV.—An Act relinquishing what-
ever Title may remain in the United States
to a certain parcel of Ground in Fremont,
Ohio, to the Corporation of Fremont.
Be it enacledby the Senate and House of Hep-
reieiitatkcs of the United Stales of America in
Conyre&s assembled, That whatever title may
remain in the United States to a parcel of
ground in the city of Fremont, (formerly Crog-
hansville,) Ohio, laid out under the act of
Congress of April twenty-six, eighteen hundred
and sisrieen, which is not included in any of
the lots, our lots, streets, and avenues of the
city, but lying between the lots, streets, and
avenues, and the Sandusky river, as indicated
on the official plat, of the town of Croghansvillc,
be, and the same is hereby, relinquished to
the corporation of Fremont.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXLVI.-~An Act to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate Surveying Dis-
trict, and to establish the Office of Surveyor
General therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Territory of
Arizona is hereby created a separate surveying
district, and that the President, by and with
the consent of the Senate, shall be, and hereby
is, authorized to appoint a surveyor general
for the Territory, whose annual salary shall
he three thousand dollars, and whose power,
authority, and duties shall be the same as those
provided bv law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. lie shall have proper allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, and he shall
locate his office from time to time at such places
as may be directed by the President of the
United States.
Approved. July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCXFjVII.—An Act to create a Port
of Delivery at Duluth, Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That Duluth, in the State
of Minnesota, shall be, and is hereby, con-
stituted a port of delivery within the collec-
tion district of Superior, and there shall be ap-
pointed a surveyor of customs to reside at said
port, who shall perform the duties and receive
the compensation and emoluments prescribed
in the act of Congress approved March two,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, being " An
act allowingthe duties 011 foreign merchan-
dise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, Saint Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places."
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCLI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative. Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the following sums
bo, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
(except otherwise herein provided.) out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the objects hereinafter expressed,
for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, namely:
UililSLATlYK.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, viz: Secre-
tary of the Senate, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars; officer charged with
disbursements of the Senate, fivo hundred and
seventv-six dollars; chief clerk, three thou-
sand dollars, and the additional sura of one
thousand dollars while the said office is held
by the present incumbent, and 110 longer;
principal clerk, principal executive clerk, min-
ute and Journal clerk, and financial clerk, in
the office of Secretary of the Senate, at two
thousand live hundred and ninety-two dollars
each; six clerks in office of the Secretary of
the Senate, at two thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars each; keeper of the stationery,
two thousand one hundred and two dollars and
forty cents; two messengers, at one thousand
two hundred and ninety-six dollars each; one
page, at seven hundred and twenty dollars;
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, four thou-
sand three hundred and twenty dollars: Pro-
vided, That he shall receive, directly or in-
directly, no fees or other compensation or
emolument whatever for performing the duties
ofthe office, orinconnection therewith; assist-
ant doorkeeper, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; Postmaster to the Senate,
two thousand one hundred dollars; assistant
postmaster and mail-carrier, one thousand
seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars; two
mail-carriers, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each ; superintendent of the document-
room, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; two assistants in document-room, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each ; superintendentof the folding-room, two
thousand one hundred andsixty dollars; three
messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers,
at one thousand eight hundred dollars each;
twenty messengers, to he appointed and re-
moved by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the ap-
proval of the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, at one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars each ;
secretary to.the President of the Senate, two
thousand one hundred and two dollars and
forty cents; clerk to the Committee on Finance,
two thousand two hundred and twenty dollars ;
clerk to the Committee on Claims, two thou-
sand two hundred and twenty dollars; clerk
of printing records, two thousand two hundred
and twenty dollars ; clerk to Committee on Ap-
propriations, two thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars; superintendent in charge of
the furnaces, one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars; assistant in charge of furnaces,
eight hundred and sixty-four dollars; one
laborer iu charge of private passage, eight
hundred and sixty-four dollars; one laborer
in stationery room, eight hundred and sixty-
four dollars; one special policeman, one thou-
sand dollars; Chaplain to the Senate, nine
hundred dollars: chief engineer, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; two assistant
engineers, at fourteen hundred and forty dol-
lars each; two firemen, at ten hundred and
ninety-five dollars each; three laborers, at
seven hundred and thirty dollars each ; making
in all one hundred and eighteen thousand eight
hundred and seventy-two dollars and eighty
cents.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-
four Senators, at the rate of one hundred and
twenty-five dollars each per annum, nine thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For stationery for committees and officers,
eight thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, fourteen pages for
the Senate Chamber, two riding pages, one
page for the Vice President's room, and one
page for the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, making eighteen pages in all, at the rate
of three dollars per day while actually em-
ployed, and horses and carryalls, forty thou-
sand dollars; said pages to be appointed and
removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the
approval of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
For fuel for the heating apparatus, six thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture, ten
thousand dollars.
For labor, twelve thousand dollars.
For folding documents, and materials there-
for, ten thousand dollars.
For packing boxes, seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, and temporary
clerks, exclusive of labor, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
Senate for the third session of the Forty-First
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand dollars.
