1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5483
to he paid pro rata to the cJaimnnts in full satisfac-
tion ol aH demands against th em.
The money was accepted by the creditors under
protest, and application was afterward made to the
department for the balance due by tlie Indians, and
it appears that Mr. Secretary Usher was inclined to
direct Clio payment of the same, but there was no
appropriation'within the control of this Department
applicable thereto.
In the treaty of 19thFebruary, 1867, with the Sioux
Indians, (upper bands,) provision was made for the
payment of the balances due by them to their traders;
but the Senate struok out of said treaty articles six
to fourteen, inclusive, which embraced the provis-
ion referred to, and the matter has since that time
remained unacted on.
The parties to whom the balances are due are now
applying to be paid.
An examination of the ease satisfies me that tho
claims are probably just, and ahouid bo paid; but
there are no funds at the disposal of this Department
that could be applied to their payment.
I therefore respectfully invite the attention of Con-
gte.ss to the propriety of making an appropriation to
meet these claims, for which tho sum of $05,812 47
would be necessary, to enablo the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the parties entitled thereto the
balances duo the creditors of the upper and lower
bands of Sioux Indians, on account of supplies fur-
nished said Indians prior to tho 3d day of December,
I860.
1 have the honor to be, vory respectfully, your
obedient servant, J. D. COX,
' & Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MOIilULL, of Maine. My honorable
friend cannot expect that 
Mr. HA.MSEY. It was referred to the Sen-
ators own committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the point
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) In the judgment of the Chair, this
amendment is out of order, being a private
claim.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Ajk? be it further enacted, That tho Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to issue,
on the credit of the United States, registered bonds
of the denomination of not less than fifty dollars
each, payable twenty years from the date of the ap-
proval of this act, bearing interest in lawful money
of the United States at the rate of five per cent, per
annum, payable semi-annually, for the sum of £1,832,-
400 85, which bonds shall bo delivered to the proper
authorities of the Choctaw nation or tribe; and no
part thereof bhu.ll be delivered by the said Secretary
of tho Treasury to any attorney or agent of said In-
dians; nor shall the said Secretary, in making such
delivery, recognize any contract, agreement, or as-
signment mad? by or between said nation or indi-
vidual members thereof and any asentor attorney
employed by them for the prosecution of said claim
agamst the Government of the United States; but
the whole amount of said bonds shall be delivered
to the proper authorities of said nation or tribe, and
the s;iid Choctaw nation or tribe of Indians shall
jcceive the said bonds in full satisfaction and dis-
charge. of all claims of said nation or tribe, and tho
members thereof, against the United States, except
imuuitics now recognized by the United States as
payable to such tribe.
This amendmentis the same that was offered
by me when the Indian appropriation bill was
up. It was objected to then by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, on the
ground that it did not eomcfrom. any commit-
tee at this session. It has since been before
the Judiciary Committee, and they reported
as a bill the measure now offered as an amend-
ment ; and hence there is no objection on that
account. Thequestionofthelegalityofitgrows
oui of tlie treaty stipulations between the United
Slates and tlie Choctaw Indians, and has been
approved by the Senate, has been approved by
both Houses of Congress, has been approved
by two or three standing committees; and the
only question before the Senate now is, whether
it will or will not liquidate and fund this claim.
The Indians are not asking the money; all
they ask is that the United States shallfund
the debt, in order that they may get their inter-
est, The bonds will be registered bonds in
the hands of the Treasurer. I do not think
ihcie can be any objection offered from any
«mueo to the passage of this amendment.
Mr. FEN TON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas by striking
out all atter the enacting clause and inserting:
Th.it the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he
lunby i ' ;iuthom.ul and directed to deliver to the
merer PufhenlKv of tho Ohoelaw tiibe or nation
of Indians the Unitod States bonds as appropriated
for them by the act of Congress approved March 2,
1861, passed in pursuance of treaty stipulations: Pro-
vided, Thatnointerestshallboaliowodon said bonds
which may have accrued prior to tho date of said
act appropriating said bonds to tho Choctaw nation
of Indians, for tho purposes therein stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Arkansas ought not to introduce this old and
long-contested claim on an appropriation bill
at this period of the session. At one time I
informed myself fully of the condition and
merits and demerits of what is called the Choc-
taw claim, then amounting to $2,000,000, and
I believed that no more unjust claim could be
presented. It was some years ago, and I am
not now prepared to discuss it at anything like
the length that such a question would natu-
rally call for where the amount involved is so
large and where the principles involved are so
important.
The general outline may be readily stated.
The Choctaw3 claim a very large sum of
money, more than the amount now stipulated
for, under an old treaty, I think of 1883, by
which they claim pay for all the lands that
had been ceded under a previous treaty in the
southern States. If it was allowed to them at
the rate the Government gave the land away
it would amount to a very large sum of money.
It was debated at least twelve years ago—my
impression is, in 1857, but I may be wrong
about the dates, and I would not be certain
that the facts I state now arc entirely accurate
as to dates or amounts. It was debated in
both Houses, and the House of Represent-
atives rejected the claim after full considera-
tion ; and there it stopped for a time. Then
the friends of the proposition endeavored to
get it through by the action of the Senate
alone, without the concurrence of the House
of Representatives. And from that time to
this it has always been resisted by the House,
never yielded to by them, and it will be resisted
now.
The first thing was to avoid the necessity of
the action of the House by getting this claim
indorsed by a treaty, which, as a matter of
course, is acted on by the Senate alone. A
treaty was made referring this claim, the
amount to be ascertained by the Senate; so
that a treaty was made requiring theSenatg+.as
arbitrators, to act upon the amount due under
the old treaty of 1833. A treaty was made,
and the Senate did act as arbiter under that
treaty, and awarded the amount of $2,2-50,000;
all of which was done by the Senate without
any general debate; and the House of Repre-
sentatives have never sanctioned that proposi-
tion.
Afterward, in 1861, the Choctaw nation, as
a tribe, went into the rebellion ; and confess-
edly, by the rules of war, this claim and all
other claims held by them as a nation against
the United States were lost, were lapsed. But
again, in order to revive this o.nd other claims
of the Choctaws, another treaty was made and
ratified by the Senate in 1SGG, which, in rather
ambiguous language, did revive this claim. It
is now, upon the revival of the claim by the
treaty of 1866, that it is sought again to saddle
it upon the Government of the United States.
Mr. President, the inevitable effect of this
movement will either be to carry this claim
through the House of Representatives without
auy consideration whatever, by the action of a
conference committee, or else it will inevit-
ably lead to a long debate in the House and
the defeat of this bill.
Now, I appeal to my honorable friend from
Arkansas whether this is not too important a
question, involving $2,000,000, and also in-
volving a principle much more difficult to settle
as to the effect of an Indian treaty, the very
question that is now endangering the whole
Indian appropriation bill, to be put upon this
bill at this stage of the session? To do this, it
seems to me, would not only be bad legislation,
but would tend very much to defeat this whole
bill.
If this is an amendment at all to any appro-
priationbill, it should be put upon the InaiaA
appropriation bill. It pertains to a treaty with
an Indian tribe; it is said to be to carry into
effect a treaty with the Indian tribe. The lia-
bility of the Government of the United States
has never been recognized by the House of
Representatives, and indeed the House of v
Representatives have openly charged that this'
is an attempt, by virtue of a treaty made by
the Senate authorizing the Senate to become
the arbiter under a treaty, to make a legal lia-
bility against the Government of the United
States without the sanction of the House of
Representatives. Thus it raises the grave
question whether the Senate can by a treaty
stipulate for the payment of money without the
sanction of the House of Representatives.
If this amendment is put upon this bill at
this period of the session the House of Rep-
resentatives will pro forma disagree to it, and
then it will go to a committee of conference,
and if that confcrenee should agree to this
amendment of $1,800,000 it would substan-
tially pass without any vote or action of the
House of Representatives, when the House
had repeatedly, after debate, declined to pay
this sum of money.
This is the general outline of the facts. There
are great volumes of reports almost on this
Choctaw claim. Without going into them I
cannot present the case ; nor at this period of
the session could I do it,at all events. In the
first place, we have not now the time to con-
sider it. In the next place, I have not the time
to read up the papers again in regard to this
very large claim. The Senate is in no dispo- -
sition to enter into a controverted matter at
this time, just at the heel of the session, when
all the appropriation bills and tax bill and the
other important measures are pending.
I assure the Senator from Arkansas that this
claim of $1,800,000 cannot pass without some
debate in the Senate and without endangering
this bill, and without leading to a long contro-
versy with the House of Representatives, first
as to the justice of the claim, and next as to the
power of the Senate by treaty to select itself
as arbiter, and then endeavor to make a claim
a debt due from the United States without tho
sanction of the House of Representatives. X
do not believe there is any merit in this claim,
in its origin or in its progress, and no ground
for its payment now. I therefore feel it my
duty to resist it.
Mr. RICE. As to the propriety of acting
upon this claim now I have this to say: early
in the session it was brought before the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on (he
Judiciary. At the time the Indian appropria-
tion bill was before the Senate it was moved
as an amendment to that hill. The Committee
on the Judiciary had not then reported on the
subjcct, and for that reason I was urged ti>
withdraw the amendment at that time. No
objection was made at that time except that
no committee had at this session reported on it.
At the urgent request of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs I withdrew it at
that time, and next morning introduced tho
proposition in the shape of a separate bill,
which went to the Committee onthe Judiciary,
and that committee reported it back recom-
mending its passage. They examined thia
claim. They exam$:ed it from the beginning
to the end ; and they find instead of its being
an unjust claim, that there is no cscape for the
United States but to pay this money.
Instead of this claim being founded upon
land ceded by the Choctaw Indians to the
United States, atid by the United States given !
away, it is founded upon land ceded to the,
United States by the Choctaw Indians and by ,
the United States sold for over eight million
dollars of money, which went into the Treasury
of the United States; and this claim is for the
net proceeds of that sale. Not a dollar of ex
peases have the United Slates paid except
what they paid out of the proceeds of thy saie
