1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2651
The resolutions reported by the minority of
the Committee of Elections were as follows:
Resolved, That Caleb N. Taylor, the contestant, is
not entitled to a seat in this House as Representa-
tive from the fifth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
ltcsolved, That.XohnR. Reading,the sitting inem-
ber, is entitled to a seat in this House as Representa-
tive from the fifth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
syvania [Mr. Cessna] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Just at the threshold of
this case I desire to ask the gentleman who
presents the report of the majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Cessna] to state how
much time he proposes to allow to those who
do not agree in the conclusions of that report.
Mr. CESSNA. I was about to endeavor to
make an arrangement upon that subject before
I proceed to say anything whatever about the
merits of the case.
The members of the Committee of Elections
have not been able to agree as to the amount
of time to be consumed in the discussion of
this case. I find that members of the House
have become somewhat impatient on account
of the amount of time already consumed this
morning. I do not know how long members
upon the other side may desire to discuss this
question. I know that we on this side do not
want more than twenty minutes. There is a
difference of feeling among members of the
House in regard to how expeditiously this case
shall be pressed. I propose to allow gentle-
men to look at the report of the majority of
the Committee of Elections in this case in
order that the House may itself determine
what amount of time shall be devoted to the
consideration of this case.
I propose, therefore, now to call the pre-
vious question on this case. If that call shall
be sustained, then 1 will yield forty minutes
of the hour to gentlemen on the other side,
and take the remaining twenty minutes myself.
If the call for the previous question shall be
not sustained, then I will allow gentlemen on
the other side to occupy the entire first hour,
at the end of which time I will again call the
previous question, and if the call shall then
be sustained I will take twenty or thirty min-
utes myself, and yield the remainder of the
hour to gentlemen on the other side. And in
Oider that there may be no advantage on my
part by a presentation of this ease before the
prevrous question is called, I will now call the
previous question, and leave it to the House to
settle and not to myself. I do this because
the House has already, as 1 think rather fool-
ishly, consumed an hour this morning on this
question.
Mr. RANDALL. If the call for the previous
question shall be voted down do I not obtain
the floor absolutely in my own right?
The SPEAKER. Not with that understand-
ing.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not agree to that
understanding.
Mr. CESSNA. I do not ask any understand-
ing, for we have not been able to come to any.
I ask the House to determine this question for
themselves. If the call for the previous ques-
tion shall be voted down I do not care if gen-
tlemen on the other side take the whole of the
first hour. J will then again call the previous
question, and take perhaps half an hour, yield-
ing the rest of the hour to the other side.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know that I shall
want more than half an hour for myself. But
the sitting member desires to address the House
in his own behalf.
Mr. CESSNA. I propose that he should be
allowed that opportunity.
Mr. RANDALL. And I understand that
two other gentlemen desire to be heard on this
question, who will probably want fifteen min-
utes each.
Mr. CESSNA. The gentleman refused me
permission to make any explanation at all when
this ease was presented. I think I have stated
the matter as fairly as it can be stated by any
one, and therefore call the previous question.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 74, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cessna] is entitled to the floor
for one hour.
Mr. CESSNA. I now yield forty minutes
of my time to my colleague [Mr. Randall] on
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall necessarily have
to be very brief in the discussion of this case,
the majority of this House allowing but forty
minutes to myself and to the other gentlemen
who desire to speak upon the same side that
I do.
I propose to take up the case where the
majority of the committee have left it. They
have decided that the contestant is entitled to
his seat by reason of having received a majority
of 72 legal votes cast in that district. I shall
endeavor quickly to express my opinion as to
wherein the majority of the committee have
erred.
I think the committee erred in charging the
votes in appendix of report, schedule B, from
No. 28 to No. 32 inclusive, 5 votes, as illegally
cast for the sitting member, to wit: thenamesof
Henry Miller, John Heller, Enos Wolf, Isaac
Blank, Henry Ki-esimer. There is no proof that
they voted anywhere, and certainly none that,
they voted in Milford township. Alkanus Mark-
ley, who admits himself to have been a colo-
nizer and to have voted, distinctly states that he
does not know that any of the five voted; while
Stephen Ortt and Peter Kline (all witnesses for
the contestant) testify to the same effect. It
is nowhere shown that either of these five per-
sons voted, but is distinctly sworn to by the
above-named witnesses, who were about the
polls all day and who knew the men, that they
did not see or know of any of them voting.
Had these men voted it could have been readily
shown by the contestant filing of record a cer-
tified copy of the list of voters of said town-
ship. In the absence of this list, (filed in the
case of other precincts or divisions where ille-
gal votes were charged against the incumbent
by the contestant-,) and of any testimony in
any way connecting these names with the fact
of voting, these 0 votes are wrongly charged
against the sitting member. These 5 votes,
deducted from the 72 alleged by the majority
of the committee to be the contestant's legal
majority, reduce that alleged majority t,o G7.
The following testimony is all that bears upon
the question of these 5 votes excepted to, and
on which the majority of the committee resolved
to charge these against the sitting member:
" Alkanus Markley, being duly sworn according to
law, deposes and says:
"I live in Upper Hanover township, Montgomery
county; lhave lived in Montgomery county about
twenty-two years. There were six of U3 came from
Montgomery county into Bucks county, at the last
October election, for the purpose of voting. They
were myself, Henry Garis, Isaac Blank, John Heller,
Henry Wisiner, Enos Wolf. Henry Miller was also
one of the paity; they came from the neighborhood
of Hoppenville, Montgomery county; we eamo to
Gearysville. Gearysville—-I don't know—I think is
in Miltord township; idon'tknow whether the whole
party voted, I did not see them vote; X did not see
any on o put inn ticket; T did vote; T voted for
Reading for Congress; I don't know tho peison^who
gave tickets to the other parties; X came over to
mako my home there, to work at ciirars."
" Question. Did you mean, iti answer to Mr. Simp-
son's question, to say that the whole of this party
came to Gearysviilo to work at cigar-making, or to
vote in Milford V
"Answer. They did not all come over to woik at
cigars, but X don't know whether they came to vote.
I eame over to work and to vote. The ticket X voted
was in German, and X cannot, read German—X can
read English. When X got my ticket I opened it anil
it was Gorman. The person who gave it to me said
it was for Dr. Reading." * * " *
" Question. Did you not tell Mr. Yardly that you
saw these persons vote, and that Mr. Hoffman gave
them the tickets that they voted V
"Answer. 1 only saidthat I saw Mr. Hoffman trtve
them the tickets. Mr. Hoffman's name is Joseph."
Stephen Ortt, awitness called by contestant to be
examined under twenty-sixth specification, being
duly affirmed, says:
"I reside in Milford township, Bucks county. - I
voted at the general eleotion in October last in Mil-
ford.
"Question. Have you any knowledge of any one
voting at said eleotion who was not qualified by law
to vote?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Have you any knowledge of any one
being induced to come into Milford township to vote
at said election ? _
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Don't you know, Mr. Ortt, of parties
coming from Montgomery county to vote at that
election?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Do you know Henry Miller, residing in
Montgomery county, a teacher ?
"Answer. I do.
"Question. Do you know of his being induced to corao
from Montgomery county to the Milford election ?
"Answer. No,sir. Idon'tknowwhetherhevoted.
He lives in Montgomery county, either in Marlbor-
ough or Upper Hanover township. He has lived
there in Montgomery county as long as I know him.
X know John Heller. lie lives in Montgomery
county, in Upper Hanover township. He has lived
there between two and three years. I do not know
whether hovoted. X do know Enos Wolf. He resides
in Montgomery county now. XXo has resided there
about two years. I don't know of a Mr. Wolf's vot-
ing at the election. I know Isaac Blank. He lives
in Montgomery county. lie has livod there about
eight years with his father. I do not know of his
voting at tho October election. X do know Henry
Kresiiner. He resides also in Montgomery county,
Upper Hanover township. I do not know whether
he voted at the October election." * * *
"Peter Kline, a witness called by the contestant
to bo examined under tho same specification, being
affirmed, soys:
"X know Henry Miller, John Heller, Isaac Blank,
AlkannsMaikley, and Enos Wolf. Came from Mont-
gomery county into Bucks county to vote, as far as I
know. X don't know when they came from Mont-
gomery county to Bucks county to vote. They came
overlovote; I don'tknowwhat for. Ihoarditsaid
that tboy had more in Montgomery county than they
wanted; and that is the reason why they came over.
1 have not heard it said which party had enough in
Montgomery county. I know these men. I reside
about two miles from Gearysville.
'' Question. What were tho politics of the men spoken
of?
"(Objected to.)
"Answer. Idon'tknow; can't say.
" Cross-examined by Mr. Cope for incumbent:
"All X knowahout these men iswhatl heard other
people say.
"Question by Mr. Thayer:
"Answer. No, sir; I did not see thorn around tho
polls; X voted late."
On such testimony as this 5 votes are
deducted from tho vote returned the sitting
member.
I think the majority of the committee erred
in charging the votes, in appendix of report,
schedule A, from No. 14 to No. 16 inclusive,
3 votes as illegally cast for the sitting member,
to wit: the votes of Christopher Ratican, Henry
Alhouse and Frederick Frash. Although these
votes were admitted as against the sitting mem-
ber in his brief, yet at the time of that admis-
sion the conclusive opinion of Hon. B. H.
Brewster, late attorney general of Pennsylva-
nia, in a contested-election, case in the senate
of Pennsylvania, had not been promulgated.
On the adjudication of said case the opinion
of Mr. Brewster was accepted as determining
the legality of this class of voters, and the votes
were retained as legal.
I desire to submit in this connection the
opinion of Mr. Brewster, ex-attoriiey_ general
of Pennsylvania, in a contested-election case
which was recently decided in the senate of
Pennsylvania. In that case the committee of
the senate affirmed the legality of the pauper
vote, as follows:
Ex-Attorney General Ilrewster on tlw J'lndlay-Scull
Case.
Third. Is a poor man (pauper in a county poor-
house) a qualified elector iu the poor-house election
district, although said poor man (pauper) had been
sent there from another election district, provided
he is a white freeman, a citizen of the United btates,
and has resided in this State at least ono year, ana
in the eleotion district where he offers to vote at
least ten days immediately preceding such election,
and within two years paid a State or county tax,
which shall have been assessed at least ten days be-
fore tho election, and has been registered?
A.HSW6)'. Such ft person is & Qualified elcctor and
can vote, and his vote cast, is a lawtul vote, and as
good as any man's vote, and it ought to be so. ihe
constitution establishes this, and it does not ois**
qualify him because he is poor. Tnatdoes not do-
i prive him of his freedom or his citizenship.
