1S70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
the Governor sent in hia message, signing him-
self as Governor. The State government was
organized and controlled as in any other State.
Now it is not necessary that the Representatives
from a State should actually appear, be sworn
in, and take their seats as members of Con-
gress in order that a State should be considered
in the Union. If it is, then, as Georgia has
elected no Representatives to this Congress,
the passage of this bill would furnish no era
from which we can date her readmission.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Another question.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. A question, yes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. When a State govern-
ment has been broken up and destroyed, and
it becomes necessary to reestablish and recon-
struct the State government, so that the State
may be brought into practical relations with
the national Government, can that State gov-
ernment be considered as reestablished until
it is so declared by act of Congress?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I cannot stand here
and answer conundrums. [Laughter. ] I am
willing to answer any question which is to the
point.
Mr. LAWRENCE.- Very well. Then I
will ask if a State can be considered as entitled
to representation until by some joint act of the
two Houses of Congress it is so determined?
That is what I want to know.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I have already
raid, there was a joint act of Congress, the
act of June, 1868, which declared that the
State of Georgia was entitled to representation
as soon as she should ratify the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States and give her assent to cer-
tain conditions. Her assent was given. The
President issued a proclamation declaring that
she had ratified the fourteenth amendment.
It is not necessary that Representatives should
come here from a State and be sworn in in
order that the State may be considered in the
Union.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now,
Mr. Speaker, one word in regard to the sup-
posed necessity for the passage of this bill. I
have already shown that in the act of June,
1868, we inserted substantially the same fund-
amental conditions that are eontained in this
bill. As to the oath whieh this bill prescribes
to be taken by the members of the Legislature
and other officers of the State of Georgia, and
which is the same as that provided for in the
cases of Mississippi and Virginia, there is no
necessity for such a requirement Why? Be-
cause in our act of December last we required
of these officers substantially the same oath.
What is the necessity of passing a bill which
requires the members of the Legislature to
retake the oath which we required them to take
in December last? As regards the States of
Virginia and Mississippi, our act of last spring
contemplated that Congress should pass an-
other act before those States should be entitled
to representation. We expressly reserved that
point, declaring in that act that the perform-
ance of those conditions by those States should
not entitle them to representation in Congress
without the further action of Congress. In the
case of Georgia there has been no such legis-
lation. In the act passed last December we
provided—
"That the Lqpislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the
United States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
messagk from tub senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. McDonald,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 147) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama ;
A bill (S. No. 161) granting a pension to
Pauline Jones, of Greene county, lennessee;
A bill (S> No. 499) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Harding, mother of Jasper H. Hard-
ing; and
A bill (S. No. 584) for incorporating a hospi-
tal for foundlings in the city of Washington.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous consent
that the pension bills just received from the
Senate be referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
re admission of georgia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to make a single remark. I should not
have interrupted the gentleman if he had not
been already interrupted by the message from
the Senate. I understood the gentleman to
say a few moments ago that the report from
which he was reading was the unanimous
report of the Judiciary Committee of the
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood it to
be a unanimous report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood exactly the contrary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps I am wrong.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman will find that I am right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The other report
to which the gentleman referred was not unan-
imous.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
we never expect unanimity in that body.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, as neither of
the reports was unanimous, the gentleman
cannot claim any superior authority for that
which he cited.
I was about to call attention to the only con-
dition which by our act of December last we
required the Legislature of Georgia to perform
before the State should be entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress. What was that ? I will
read it:
"That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the
United States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
That is all the condition we imposed. Is not
that provision equivalent to saying that mem-
bers and Senators from the State of Georgia
shall be admitted to seats in Congress if her
Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment? Her Legislature has ratified that
amendment; and what is the propriety of an
act declaring her entitled to representation?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will inquire of the
gentleman whether, in his opinion, the ratifi-
cation of that amendment of the Constitution
does ipso facto admit the State and give her a
right to representation in Congress?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend from Ohio
is called a good lawyer, and upon his answer
to my question will depend whether he has that
reputation justly or not. When we say a State
shall not be entitled to representation until she
has ratified a certain amendment to the Con-
stitution is it not true that when she has rati-
fied that amendment to the Constitution she is
entitled to representation ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Not ipso facto.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know there is
something else to be done. The credentials
are to be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and that committee must, of course,
report whether the Representatives presenting
themselves have been duly elected or not. 1
am afraid I must withhold my judgment as to
whether the gentleman's reputation as a good
lawyer is well founded or not for the present.
From my reading of the law I have always
believed when a law declared a State should
do a certain thing or she should not be entitled
to representation that when she did that thing
she was entitled to representation.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will yield the
floor to me I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. i want to move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next. I do not want to mock the
country with a debate on this Georgia bill
when not twenty members will be present.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let us meet to-morrow
for general debate. I want to be heard on the
subject of the currency.
Mr. BINGHAM. We cannot do that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 will yield to a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not
that in direct contravention with the under-
standing this morning, that to-morrow should
be devoted to the discussion of the Georgia
bill? S
The SPEAKER. The House refused in an
early part of the day to make any such agree-
ment, but it was afterward understood that the
House should meet to-morrow for that pur-
pose. It is perfectly competent, however, for
the gentleman from Ohio to move an adjourn-
ment over.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 30 • no quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Benjamin and Mr.
Bingham.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and n ays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nayB have
been refused.
Then, on motion of Mr. WOOD, the House
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AT WOOD: A memorial of the Cigar-
makers' Union No. 109, of the city of Janes-
ville, Wisconsin, asking that the proviso in
section eighty-seven of the internal revenue act
of July 20, 1869, be expunged, and the tariff
of three dollars pec pound and fifty £er cent.
ad valorem enforced on all imported cigars.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of Harlan &
Hollinsworth, E. C. Stotsenburg & Son, Wil-
liam G. Simpson, and 1,000 others, citizens
of Wilmington, Delaware, against the repeal
of the navigation laws, and in favor of a draw-
back equal to amount of duty, to encourage
the building of American vessels.
By Mr. BRADFORD: The proceedings of
a public meeting held in Costilla county, Colo-
rado, in opposition to the bill now before Con-
gress for annexing the counties of Qostilla and
Conejos to New Mexico.
By Mr. BUFFINTQN: The memorial of
E. B. Joy and 36 oth6rB, citizens of Dennis
Port, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of Hon.
CharleB B. Sedgwick and others, members of
the bar of Syracuse, New York, asking for the
passage of a bill to regulate fees in United States
circuit and district courts.
By Mr. CLARKE: Petitions of citizens of
Kansas, asking for a grant of lands in aid of a
railroad and telegraph line between Salina,
Kansas, and Preston, Texas, so far as the same
shall run throngh the State of Kansas.
Also, proceedings and resolutions of a public
meeting at Marion Center, Kansas, in behalf
of a grant of lands to the Salina and Denver
railroad.
Also, resolutions of a public meeting in Mc-
Pherson county, Kansas, indorsing the same.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of John
Bertschy and 90 others, citizens of the city of
Sheboygan, in the State of Wisconsin, for the
amendment of the revenue law so as to require
all the taxes collected on distilled spirits to be
