1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
citizens, both Republicans and Democrats,
were openly and some silently opposed to the
schemes of the repudiators, but they were not
numerous enough to send General Moorhead
to Congress or to elect him to any other office.
Living more than three hundred and fifty miles
from Pittsburg, I had 110 personal knowledge
of their contests, but, obliged to spend several
weeks there every fall in discharge of public
duties, the rumors that reached me were that
General Moorhead, however reluctantly, had
been compelled to take the stump, not in ad-
vocacy of specific repudiation, but in support
of the ticket which repudiators elected. And
it was to the impressions produced on my mind
by those rumors in connection with the fact
that General Moorhead was elected to Congress
in 1858, and again in 1860, that I meant to be
understood as alluding when interrogated by
my colleague, [Mr. Scofield.]
A distinguished colleague of General Moor-
head in several late Congresses, who came to
Congress from the same county, was the chief
counsel and champion of the Alleghany county
repudiators. He argued their causes in the
Supreme Court until he became so disgusted
with it that he quitted practice in that court.
He reviewed our decisions in pamphlets, and
he inspired if he did not indite many of the
assaults upon us with which some of the Re-
publican papers of Pittsburg teemed. He had
more to do with raising and directing the storm
than perhaps any other citizen of Alleghany
county. My recollection is that the people
rewarded him with a seat in the Legislature,
where he continued to represent, with his ac-
customed ability, the popular sentiment at
home. He was afterwftrd sent to Congress
along with General Moorhead. My firm con-
viction is, founded on all I remember of those
dreary years, that the difference between these
gentlemen was that one of them was a repu-
aiator ex animo, and the other not a repudiator
in fact, but adroit enough as a politician to
secure the suffrages of his fellow-citizens with-
out sympathizing in the overmastering passion
which agitated the masses.
I should be very sorry to do the slightest in-
justice to either of the gentlemen, and fearing
that the words which escaped me in answer to
the interrogatory might be interpreted to the
prejudice of General Moorhead, and thus do
injustice both to him and myself, I have em-
braced this earliest opportunity since our return
from the holiday recess to explain the thought
which the interrogatory excited in my mind
and which ought to have been expressed in
more considerate terms. I thank you, Mr.
Speaker, and the House for the indulgence to
make this personal explanation, the first and
only one I have made since I have had a seat
on this floor, though often tempted.
aid to a railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 788)
granting lands to aid in the construotion_of a
railroad from the western boundary of Minne-
sota, at the junction of the Sioux Wood river
with the Red. river of the North, to the Win-
nepeg river of British America; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
order op business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the morning
hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. This will bring up the
bill (H. R. No. 480) reported by Mr. Sco-
field from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for the transfer of the Philadelphia navy-yard
to League Island.
education.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania _[Mr? Scofield]
yield to me for the introduction of a bill for
reference ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 789) to amend the act establishing
a Department of Education, and to abolish the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
des moines kiyeu.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 790) repealingso
much of the act of August 8,1846, as declares
the Des Moines river, in the then Territory of
Iowa, a public highway; which "was read a first
and second time.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, declares that so
much of the act of August 8, 1846, entitled
" An act granting certain lands to the Terri-
tory of Iowa to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Des Moines river, in said
Territory/' as makes said river a public high-
way, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The question being taken on the third read-
ing of the bill, it was agreed to ; and the bill
accordingly being engrossed, was read the third
time, and passed.
ditcii and canal owners.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Mines and
Mining the bill (H. R. No. 562) to amend an
aet granting the right of way to ditch and
canal owners over the public lands, and for
other purposes, with amendments, and moved
that the bill, with amendments, be printed and
recommitted to the Committee on Mines and
Mining, not to be brought back by motion to
reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
albert f. paden.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 791) for the relief
of Albert F. Paden; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
allen iiarper.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 792) for the
relief of Allen Harper; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
william bletsoe.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by nnanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 793) for the
relief of William Bletsoe; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
albert smith.
Mr. INGERSOLL also, by nnanimous con-
sent, presented the claim of Albert Smith, of
Illinois, for bounty; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
summoning witnesses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved, to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution intro-
duced by him yesterday with regard to sum-
moning witnesses was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ii. lawrence scott.
Mr. MERCDR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No, 794) for the relief
of'H. Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale
of internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth
district of Pennsylvania; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
clinton river, michigan.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefollowingresolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce.bo
1 instructed to inquire as to the necessity of removing
1 tliesand bar and other obstructions across the mouth
of the Clinton river, in Late St. Clair, in the State
of Michigan, and also to inquire if such obstructions
were caused in whole or in part by erections con-
structed by authority of the United States, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
custom-house at cleveland, ohio.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury Be re-
quested to take into consideration tho erection of a
suitable addition to the custom-house in the city of
Cleveland, Ohio, for tho accommodation of the Uni-
ted States courts and internal revenue offices located
there, and to cause estimates of tho oost thereof to be
made, and to report tho same to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
richard blalock.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 796) for the relief of
Richard Blalock, a soldier of the war of 1812;
which wa3 read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
jurors in united states courts.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 796) to repeal the
act entitled 1 'An act defining additional causes
of challenge and prescribing an additional oath
for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts," approved June 17, 1802; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tli© Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire concerning the expediency of
repealing the act entitled4 'An act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in United States
courts," approved June 17,1862, with directions to
report by bill or otherwise.
nancy o. marlibttjs.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H, R. No. 797) for the relief
of Nancy C. Marlelte; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCormick.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is all this out of the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
navy-yard at league island.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 480) for the transfer of the Philadelphia
navy-yard to League Island, reported yesterday
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, upon
which Mr. Scofield was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I submit
what I send to the Clerk's desk as an amend-
ment to the bill, and 1 wish to say that I offer
it for the purpose of perfecting the bill and not
because I expect to vote for it if the amend-
ment shall be adopted; but I think it necessary
that such an amendment should be adopted if
the bill is to pass.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
Strike out all afterthe word " serviec" in thesixth
line and add the following:
And to sell the said navy-yard as fast as the sarno
is vacated and he doems consistent with the public
interest; but before any sale shall be ordered the
Secretary of the N avy shall cause to bo accurately
surveyed and laid off into lots and platsof the same
to bo made, on which said lots shall be duly marked
and numbered; and all sales shall be for cash, anil
shall be alter public advertisement in atleasttwo
daily papers in caeh of tho cities of New ^ ork and
Philadelphia for at least thirty days before the day
of sale, which advertisment shall accurately describe
the property to bo sold and the termsor sale; and <i
sales shall bo by sealed bids, to bo made msuch man-
ner as the Secretary of tho Navy, may prescribe, who
is authorized to rej ect all bids ifj > his judgment, the
price offered is inadequate, ^ke moceeds of all
such sales shall bo applied to establishing the now
navy-yard.
