1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4539
I want to know whether the Senate will deny
me the courtesy of examining it and offering
amendments to it.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that
the bill concerns the whole United States, the
whole country. Chinese are being taken to
Massachusetts and to the South under four-
year contracts, contracts that are enforced by
a peculiar process known to the Chinese alone,
and we desire to break that up. We do not
want servile labor to compete with free labor
in this country if we can help it.
Mi. CA-SSERLY. The question is whether
this bill does it at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nevada moves to pass over the present and all
other orders for the purpose of considering the
bill indicated by him.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes20, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Does this
supersede the franking bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not until one
o' clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that adivision
be taken again. There is a quorum here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that a quorum is present, if Senators will vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to pass over
all other orders for the purpose of considering
the bill (S. No. 978) to prohibit contracts ior
servile labor, proposed to be taken up by the
Senator from Nevada, and objected to by the
Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty, noes
not counted ; and the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That every contract for labor or service which, or
any part of which, is orshall bo the consideration for
or in respect to the passage or transportation of or
f<v any alien from any foreign country to the United
States, or from the United States to any foreign coun-
try, which provides for a longer period ol service than
six months, is hereby declared to bo void; and any
person who shall, contrary to this act, contract with
any such .tlien, or enforce or attempt to enforco such
contiaet, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof by information or in-
dictment in tho dietrictor circuit eourtof tno Unvtecl
Stnfccp, shall be punished by a fine* of not less than
$1,000 nor more than $-5,000, together with the costs
of prosecution, one half of which shall be paid to the
ju former and the other half to the alien with whom
such contract shall have been made, upon condition
that he immediately return to his native country,
under such regulations for the enforcement of tins
condition as the court may proscribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. CASSERLY rose.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Is the bill still open to
amendment, ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sen-
atorfrom California rose, the Chair supposed,
for the purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; 1 desire to offer
hs fin amendment to this bill Senate bill No.
introduced by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. \ViftMAMSj] which I believe was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and has never
since seen the light.
The Secretary road the amendment, which
. was to add as additional sections theiollowing :
And be it f-other enacted, That any contract or
asropvpont to procure nid or encourage theltujjorta-
s tion or immigration of Chinese into tho United btates
shall be null and void, and any peison.enteringinto
any such contract or agreement shall be deemed
§ guilty of a misdemeanor, andupon conviction tliercoi
shall bn iincd in a sum not less than ^r>U0, and ita-
priionod. not Ip^s than mx months, or ooth, at tno
•> «li-<rrottoh of i he court. , t
C5KC. —. A ad be -d further enact/id. ^Thatany contract
or agreement to employ or to furnish employment to
miy O'linam,in, 01 as to tho nature or term ot nw
scrvieo, or a? to the ;unoun<_ or u>e of bis wa^cs prioi
* to hi-' ] mmiprn tion i^to the United btfttesshallbcnull
, au i void, and any person entering into sucn contract
s' or a<nee,nu-nt shall be subject to conviction ana
a punishment as provided in the foregoing section.
6 fcsKC. —And Or UJ mther ciacivd, that any eoutiuct
or agreement for or on behalf of any vessel orship to
transport any Chinaman into the United States made
with any other than the person so to be transported
shall bo null and void, and any person entering into
such contract or agreement shall bo subject to con-
viction andpunishment as provided in tho foregoing
section.
Seo. —. Andbeit further enacted, That any person
recognizing, executing, or enforcing, or aiding to
recognize, execute, or enforce any of paid contracts
or agreements, wherever made, shall be subject to
conviction and punishment as provided in the fore-
going section.
Sec.—*. Andbeit further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any vessel or ship to transport into tho
United States any Chinese woman not accompanied
by her husband or father; and such relationship
of the woman to tho man accompanying her shall
be evidenced by some efficient document attested by
an American consul and furnished to the officer of
the vessel or ship, and before the departure of the
woman therefrom in any part of the United States,
said document shall be delivered to the collector of
tho proper district, whose duty it shall be to inquire
into the facts ; and the violation of any of the pro-
visions of this section by the owner, agent, or officer
of any vessel or ship, shall subject the offender to
conviction and punishment as provided in the forc-
goingsection.
Sec.—. Andbeit farther enacted. That this act shall
not be construed to deny to Chinamen free from any
contract or obligation of service the right of volun-
tary immigration into the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer one other sec-
tion, which I desire to be added as a part of
my amendment.
"Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct a mis-
print in the amendment that has been offered
by the Senator from California. In line five
of section five the word "efficient" before
"document" should be "official," and it was
so written in the manuscript; and in the eighth
lineoftbesame$ection the word "part" should
be "port," so as to read "any port of the
United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon corrects two mistakes in the printing
of the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well. I offer also
as part of the amendment this section:
And be it further enacted, That if any vessol orship
shall transport into the United States any China-
woman, not accompanied by hor husband or father,
as aforesaid, such vessel or ship, her tackle and ap-
parel, hor master and owner, shall be jointly and
severally liable fer the passage of such woman back
to tho port from whence she may have sailed on such
vessel or ship, and it shall be tho duty of tho col-
leetorto preventany such females from being landed
from any steamer bringing thom into a port of tho
United States, and to compel such steamer to take
them back on her next voyage, and if said steamer
be not bound on such voyage to the port from which
such female shall havoboen brought, then it shall
he the duty of the collector to cause said females to
be forthwith embarked upon some other vessel, for
the expense whereof he shall causo ail action to bo
brought against such steamer, hor apparel, the mas-
ter and owners thereof, in any court of eompotont
jurisdiction.
Mr. STEWART. There is a portion of this
amendment, that I like very much—the last
portion ; but the first, in regard to contracts, I
think is made better by the report of the
Judiciary Committee. The first section reads:
That any contract or agreement to procure, aid,
or encourage tho importation or immigration ot
Chinese into tho United States shall be Hull and
void, and any person entering into any such eon-
tract or agreement shall bo deemed guilty ot a mis-
demeanor, andupon conviction thcruol shall be lined
m a sum not less than $500 and imprisoned not less
than six months, or both, at thediscretion of the court.
Li the first place, I would rather have the
law general as to all foreigners, and not make
any distinction; and, in _the next place, this
section would bo a dead letter, because the
contracts would be made in China, and nobody
concerned to enforce them against the China-
men would say anything about them, and there
would be no way of ascertaining the fact. Jf
we know the evil it is easy to devise a remedy.
These contracts are made for four years usu-
ally ; and if any burdens are put on at the port
of arrival they increase the time of the contract
so as to cover all expenses. They are enforced
in*two ways. One way we can reach, perhaps ;
the other we cannot. They have a habit in
China of holding the family responsible there
for service ; and the mode of enforcing the
contract for the passage-money is to include m
the contract a provision to return the China-
man to his native land, dead or alive. His
religious belief is so strong, that if he was to
die here without having that provision made he
would be eternally miserable, that very few of
them will break that contract: consequently
they can be imported, taken to Massachusetts,
or any part ot the United States, and held ,
under the contract for four years.
There are difficulties in preventing that; but
the Judiciary Committee think they have a pro-
vision that will reach it. In the first place we
have undoubted authority to regulate any con-
tracts the consideration of which is passage-
money to or from the United States. That has
been held by repeated decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States. Under our power
to regulate it is regarded as one of the settled
things that we can regulate contracts which pro-
vide for passage-money either to or from the
United States. These contracts must neces-
sarily have in them the element of passage-
money to this country, and they all, so far as
I know, have the element of returning the par-
ties, alive or dead, to China. We say that
these contracts are void; but, then the great
difficulty is to ascertain the terms of the con-
tracts ; so we have put in this odious provis-
ion as to informers, in order that there may be
somebody interested in giving information as
to them. The Chinaman himself would pro-
test against making it known, because lie would
be afraid that if he did he would be left in this
country. We have made a provision that the
fine shall be at least $1,000, and that one half
of it shall go to the informer. Five hundred
dollars will be ample; it is as much as a China-
man would expect to make, and a great deal
more than he could make out of his four years'
contract, so that there could be no hardship on
him if he returns home. We think this will
reach the evil.
There are several sections in the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Oregon, and offered
as an amendment by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, which I think ought to accompany this
bill; but the first section of that proposition J
do not concur in. However, in order that the
matter maybe perfected, I ask that the bill lie
over until to-morrow morning, and in the
mean time we can perfect those sections, and
then I suppose the bill will pass without oppo-
sition.
The YICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill will be
passed over if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I have nothing to say on
this bill if it is to be passed over. I am very
friendly to the object the Senator has in view,
and I hope the Senate will find time to con-
sider the measure.
Mr. STEWART. I presume there will be
110 difficulty in passing it when perfected.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wish to say,
before the bill passes from the consideration
of the Senate, that, I hope there will be no dis-
crimination made between males and females.
The idea of letting in one set and keeping out
the other is ridiculous. I want the same rules
to apply to all, males and females, Europeans
and Asiatics. If we are to have new rules or
new laws on tho subject of immigration let
them be universally applied to all persons that
come to tho United States from all countries.
1 do not see any use in our trying to admit
men and not women.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill passes
from the consideration of the Senate at this
time, on the suggestion of the Senator from
Nevada, if there be no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. If that bo the case I
cannot discuss it, of course.^ I merely desire
to say to the Senator from Kansas that I hope
to convince him that his_remarks are founded
on a total misapprehension of the customs and
practices of this peculiar people.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A, message from ths House of Represent^.-
tives, by Mr. McPherso.n', its Clerk, announced
