3596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
intended to guard against. These marines
cannot perform this duty. They have a single
military duty to discharge. They are stationed
at these posts, and they cannot leave them to
follow and watch suspected persons.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask why one of the marines
stationed at the navy-yard cannot be detailed
lor the purpose of doing everything done by
this detective?
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. DICKEY. Is the amendment suscep-
tible of division?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. DLClvEY. Then I move to strike out
everything but the gate-keeper.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Lyncii's
amendment.
The committee divided; and thero were—
ayes 45. noes 20; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Archer and Mr.
Banks.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 73, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At tho navy-yard, Xew York city:
For civil engineer, $i500; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at £1,400 each; for receiver
and inspector of stores, §1,500; for clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk, $1,500; for clerk to command-
ant, $1,500; for chief accountant, $1,800; for clcrk to
chief accountant, $1.-00; for gate-keeper and detect-
ive, $1,000; and for messenger for commandant's
office, f<300; in all, $14,-100.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to strike out "for
chief accountant. $1,800; for clerk to chief
accountant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and de-
tective, $1,000.'' It is the same amendment
which has just been adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the amendment may be adopted without dis-
cussion. I learn from the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs that this is entirely
satisfactory to the officers of the Navy Depart-
ment, and I make no objection to it.
Mr. SARGENT. On inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I learn
that a captain or somebody else told him that
the Navy Department would be satisfied. I
have myself no objection to the proposition,
but I wish that the House should understand,
when it is stated that the Navy Department
desires to have these important parts struck
out of the bill, on what foundation the state-
ment rests.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In connection with the
remarks just made by the gentleman who has
reported this bill, and by the gentleman from
California, I will say that when I have any
important communication to make to the
House I shall take the floor myself and make
it. 1 would prefer not to be reported at second-
hand by so many gentlemen.
Mr. PLATT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, and would suggest to him that he
had better at once move an amendment abol-
ishing all navy-yards, instead of attempting to
strike down officers as important as any con-
nected with the administration of a navy-yard.
The position of gate-keeper and detective is
one of great importance to a well-regulated
yard. The difference between the marines and
the gate-keeper is that one is subject to mili-
tary rules and regulations, the other is a civil
officer. The marine is on a beat which he can-
not leave, no matter what exigency may arise.
The gate-keeper can and does take cognizance
of any irregularity that may occur, and he-sees
that no improper persons have access to the
yard, and that none of the Government prop-
erty is improperly taken away. One has the
watchword, the other the countersign, and they
are a check one on the other. The places are
usually filled by maimed soldiers, who have
no other means of obtaining a living, and who
have rendered the country meritorious service
during the war. I think it is very 6mall busi-
ness for this committee to be engaged in, and
a very paltry and mean economy that attempts
to save the poor pittance now paid these hard-
worked and necessary officers. It is the wrong
end to begin at, saving at the spigot while the
bung-hole is neglected. I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down and these officers
retained. In conclusion, I desire to call the
attention of the committee to a very remark-
able admission just made by the gentleman
from Wisconsiu, the chairman of the commit-
tee having this bill in charge. In reply to
the question as to what particular officers and
clerkshad been deemed unnecessary by the com-
mittee, and what had influenced their decision in
cutting down the estimates of the Secretary,
he said that he only knew that they had cut
the estimates for the Charlestown yard down
from $19,000 to $15,000, and that he could
not now remember the particulars. I believe,
Mr. Chairman, that the same ignorance exists
in that committee in regard to the reasons for
the reduction of many other estimates in this
bill. They seem to have gone at it con amore,
with a determination to cut down the esti-
mates, and to do it regardless of consequences
and with or without reason.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] that I
do not think the Navy Department can assent
to the change proposed. There are eighty-two
naval officers at the navy-yard at Charlestown.
And I cannot believe that the Navy Depart-
ment which retains a corps of officers of that
magnitude at that yard at Charlestown can be
disposed to recommend the dismissal of a one-
armed soldier, one of the very few civilians
who hold positions there. I am sure the Navy
Department cannot consent to this.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I should like to ask the
gentleman if the only reason he has for think-
ing that this office should be kept up is that a
meritorious man occupies it at the present
time? Is it a reason why all these officers
should be retained that one of the men filling
one of the minor offices is a meritorious man?
Mr. BANKS. I gave no reason why these
officers should be retained ; I think they ought
not to be retained. But I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to the reason why a
civilian should be employed to stand at the
gate or in the capacity of a detective.
When an attempt was made in this city some
years ago to assassinate Mr. Seward it was
testified at the trial that a servant in Mr. Sew-
ard's house went out to the soldier who was on
duty as a sentry with a loaded musket, within
a few yards of the door, and said to him,
" There is a man in the house murdering the
Secretary of State." The sentinel said, "1
cannot leave my post." " But," said the ser-
vant, " you surely do not understand; I tell
you there is a ma,n murdering Mr. Seward. I
have just come from the house and know it."
The sentinel said, " I cannot leaffe my post."
The information was repeated again, but the
sentinel would not leave his post, and Mr.
Seward was saved by other means.
Now, the marine who stands at the gate of
a navy-yard acts under orders and is subject to
just such discipline, and whatever wrong may
be done to the Government he has not the
power to leave his post and prevent or correct
the wrong, because he is required to do other
duties. The civilian, on the other hand, who
is so employed is not only able, but willing to
do what is necessary to defend the interests of
the Government. And these men should not
be struck down because there are some hun-
dreds of officers under naval discipline who
seem to be performing these duties, while in
reality they are not attempting to perform
them.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
why a marine cannot be detached to discharge
that duty, and whether the gate-keeper of the
New York navy-yard is in the same position
of having lost an arm as the one at Boston ?
Mr. BANKS. I will answer the gentleman
that a marine cannot be detached for such a
duty. The service is different, and is incon-
sistent with that of a gate-keeper or detective.
He cannot be expected to perform duties ot'
that kind. If we do not want them as ma-
rines they should be discharged. You have
scores of these men at Charlestown, and hun-
dreds of naval officers whose services are not
as necessary as those of the gate-keeper or
detective.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to give
as a reason why all these offices should be kept
up and filled 
Mr. BANKS. No ; I do not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Wait a moment until you
hear what I have to say.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me, and I wanted to stop him there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield to the
gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is speak-
ing in the time of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I took the floor in my
own right.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate was exhausted
on the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then, if I am speaking in
the gentleman's time, of course I must yield
to him.
Mr. BANKS. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was going to say that
I understand the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to urge that all these offices should be
kept up simply because the occupant of one of
the offices, and that a minor one, is a one-
armed soldier.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir, I do not urge that
they should all be kept up; on the contrary,
I think most of these officers should be dis-
missed. There is only one of these officers
that I think ought to be retained, and that is
the gate-keeper.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Platt's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Archer's
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I-move to amend the
part proposed to be stricken out by strik-
ing out the word '' detective'' and inserting
"watchman." That word "detective" has
got to be a little odious and offensive in this
country. But if the amendment does not
commend itself to the good sense of the House
I do not wish to make a speech about it.
Mr. KELSEY. I oppose the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I think it might make
great confusion in the classification of officers
in the navy-yards.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it better not to
change the nomenclature of the officers in the
navy-yards in this respect. If this officer is to
be retained, he is described on their books by
this name.
Now, it is very true that in view of some of
the transactions in the revenue service we have
been accustomed to apply the old adage of
"set a thief to catch a thief," and the word
detective has been brought into disrepute. But I
believe the office is not in disrepute so far as
the Navy Department and the navy-yards are
concerned. If it be true, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] that
these officers can be dispensed with entirely,
then that is the best disposition to make of the
matter; but if the officers are to be retained it
is better to avoid confusion on the books, and
to avoid the possibility of creating still further
offices, by leaving the detective to_ be still
designated as such. If we appropriate spe-
cifically for a watchman we may find a watch-
