1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
collected at the distillery or the distillery ware-
By Mr. GILFILLAN: The petition of
Esther O. Roberts, widow of Charles G. Rob-
erts, company F, fifty-first New York volun-
teers, for a special act for arrears of pension.
By Mr. HO Alt: The petition of Lewis Car-
ter and others, of West Berlin, Massachusetts,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of Rachel
W. M. Townsend and Josephine S. Griffing,
praying for the establishment of an infirmary
hospital in the city of Washington.
By Mr. McGliE W: The petition of Edgar
W. Sliurtleff and J. B. Hotter, asking for a
reduction of the tax on stoga cigars, &c.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 37 citizens
of Granville, Bradford coanty, Pennsylvania,
praying for die abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of 81 citizens of West Wind-
ham, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mrs. Unity
Welsh, of Philadelphia, the mother of Henry
Welsh, an officer of the Marine corps who died
from the effects of the service during the Mex-
ican war.
Also, the petition of Jacob Riegel and others,
eitieens of Philadelphia, for an act granting
pensions to the veterans of the war of 1812.
Also, petitions from John S. Delamater,
John Foster, and others, citiieas of Philadel-
phia, for a specific daty on books of twenty-
five cents per poaad.
Also, a petition of cigar manufacturers of
Philadelphia, for a restoration of the old rate
of the tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of An-
drew J. Ehoads, of Warrick county, Indiana, a
United States pensioner, praying that arrears
of pension-money may be allowed to him.
By Mr. PROSPER: A petition of a large
■amber of citizens of Nashville, Tennessee,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. <'
Also, a petition of certain citizens of Gal-
latin, Tennessee, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Sophia A. Moen, asking for the renewal of
a patent.
By Mr. TRTMBLE: The petition of Samuel
C. Bryee, of Kentucky, to remove his political
disabilities.
By Mr. V00KHEE3: A petition of citizens
of Clay county, State of Indiana, praying for
the establishment of a post route from Poland
to Hamrick station, in said State.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 5, 1870.
Th« House met at 12 o'clock m. Prayer by
fl e Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
GEOKUIA.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consentit
van agreed yesterday that this day should be
devoted exclusively to debate oa the Georgia
bill, and no business whatever should be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Illinois [Mt.Farjts-
worth] is entitled to the flo#r, and has thirty
miirates of his hour remaining.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do-
sire in the outset to correctsome mistakes made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] yesterday. He stated, as I read from
the Globe this morning, that but two mem-
bers of the Georgia delegation were admitted
to the House of Representatives during the last
Congress. I will read precisely what he said
on that subject:
"Two of her &e re«6&tatire* only were admitted
hereby qjiguk  and misapprehension, and only two.
*1?   *Wls®l<m.t.0 representation was under a mis-
taKe oi tact, which in every governmental proceed-
ing may bo corrected."
This is a very strange mistake of the gentle-
man, in the face of the fact that six members
from Georgia were admitted to their seats in
this House, while the seventh had his seat
contested, and the contest, I believe, was not
decided during the term. The entire delega-
tion from Georgia were therefore admitted to
their seats on this floor, with the exception of
one, who had his seat contested.
And there is a further fact, showing that no-
body else discovered this " mistake" of which
the gentleman from Massachusetts speaks. At
the commencement of the Forty-First Congress
the same members from Georgia presented
their credentials. No objection was made to
their credentials on the ground that the State
of Georgia was not entitled to representation
here; but the objection was that the creden-
tials were not in proper form ; that there had
been no legal election for members to this
Congress. The credentials were referred to the
Committee of Elections, and within three or
four weeks past the com mittee made a report, in
which they took no exception to the admission
of those gentlemen on the ground that the State
of Georgia is not entitled to representation,
but declared that those gentlemen were not
entitled to seats on this floor because of the
informality of their election. So much for the
" mistake" which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] states that the House
made in the last Congress.
While on this subject of mistakes I may
remark that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] corrected me last evening
just before the adjournment, stating I was
not correct in asserting that the report of the
Senate committee was unanimous. I have
taken pains to inquire into the matter, and I
find that that report was, for aught that ap-
pears, as unanimous as any report that is ever
made to either House. The members of the
committee of whom I inquired say it was
unanimous as far as they know. At all events,
there is no minority report made or to be
made. It is just like every other report which
is made by a committee where there is no dis-
sent. It is the report of a committee made
by the member who is delegated to make that
report, and stands as the report of the entire
committee of the Senate. Therefore I was
right on that question also.
I now desire, Mr. Speaker, to say a few
words on this much-talked-of subject of pro-
visional governments. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] based the theory
of this bill, hia theory of prolonging the ten-
ure of office of the officers of Georgia, on the
assumption that the government of Georgia
is provisional only, nntil her Representatives
are admitted. In this he follows in the foot-
steps of the Governor of Georgia. The Gov-
ernor of Georgia, however, I find, on recurring
to his messages, has for nearly two years, up
to December last, been denominating himself,
not the provisional governor of Georgia, but
the Governor. His messages to the Legisla-
ture he has not directed to the "provisional"
Legislature, but to the Legislature of the State
°f Georgia. Everythingthat he has done since
his inauguration, now nearly two years ago,
up to the passage of the act of Congress of last
December he has done as the Governor of Geor-
gia. And we havetreated the State as having a
State government all this time. But npon the
passage of our bill in December, when Gov-
ernor Bullock convened the Legislature, he ad-
dressed them as the "provisional" Legislature
of the State of Georgia, and signed himself
"provisional'1 governor, and from that time to
this the changes have been rung on this word
'' provisional." It has been used as a sort of
touchstone, as something by which the whole
matter was to be solved. If only they could
cling to the word "provisional" and stick it
into everything—speeob, message, law, and
whatnot, they thought the whole matter would
be solved, and Governor Bullock's term of
office would be prolonged a couple of years
beyond the time which the constitution pro-
vided.
Mr. Speaker, I wish some astute mem-
ber of the House of Representatives would
tell me—perhaps my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] who sits near me taking notes and
preparing to reply to me may be able to
answer the question—when a "provisional"'
Legislature ratified an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and where it is
provided in the Constitution that a provisional
Legislature can ratify an amendment? And
yet the Legislature of Georgia ratified the four-
| teenth amendment, their ratification was ac-
cepted as being a legal act by the Secretary
of State, and the President's proclamation
enumerated Georgia as one of the States which
ratified that amendment.
Again, the same law which provides that the
government set up in those States until they
are entitled to representation in Congress shall
be provisional also provides, Mr. Speaker,
that every officer of such provisional govern-
ment shall take the test-oath. Every man
knows what the test-oath is, " the iron clad
oath," as it is sometimes denominated, of
1862. Yet, sir, not a single member of this
so-called provisional government of Georgia
has ever taken the test-oath. How are you
going to get over that? The Governor and
State officers and the members of the State
Legislature have taken the oath prescribed by
their constitution, and not the test-oath. I know
that Governor Bullock was here a year and a
half ago, and was before the Committee on
Reconstruction, I have his evidence here in
my hand, trying to get us to provide by law
that the Legislature of Georgia should take
the test-oath. He claimed that they ought to
have taken it under that provision of the law
which required all officers of the provisional
government to take the test-oath ; but it turned
out at last, and he so testified before the Recon-
struction Committee this winter, that he him-
self could not take the test-oath if it should be
applied. Here, then, we have the spectacle
Eresented of this Governor claiming that he is
imselfthe officer of a provisional government;
and if so, the law requires him to take the test-
oath: and he never has taken it, and admits
that he cannot take it. Why? Because during
the rebellion he was running up and down the
southern States carrying the dispatches of
Jeff. Davis and his generals, taking care of the
Southern Express.
Now, I would like my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] when he comes to answer me,
to point me to the officers of a single one of
these embryo State governments set up under
constitutions authorized by Congress who have
ever taken the test-oath. Your own Attor-
ney General, in the case of Virginia, decided
that the members of the Legislature of the State
elected nnder the constitution which we au-
thorized the people to make by an act of Con-
gress were not reqnired to take the test-oath,
and that they are in no sense members of a
provisional government within the meaning of
that term. Now, let me give you my idea of a
provisional government as contradistinguished
from a State government. The government
of a Territory is provisional.- Why ? It is a
government which is to be superseded; it is a
government which is the forerunner of some
other government. It is a provisional govern-
ment because it is a government for the time
being. That is why it is called a provisional
government, and, it is so well understood.
But the Governor and officers and Legislature
of a government like that of Georgia, who were
elected in pursuance of a constitution that
we have authorized the people of the State to
frame and adopt, are in no sense officers of a
provisional government; they are officers of
an embryo State government; they are not
officers of a government that is to be super-
seded ; it is a government whieh is to become
permanent upon the happening of another
event; it is the beginning of a permanent gov-
