THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. KELLEY. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
[Mr. Scofield] and the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] a slight modifica-
tion in his proposed amendment, which I will
say I hope will be adopted. It is a modifica-
tion necessary, owing to the peculiar manner
in which land is ordinarily sold in Philadel-
phia. We sell ground there upon ground rent,
not upon mortgage, and our courts have held
that those ground rents are real estate. They
have become a favorite means of investment
with our insurance companies, savings-banks
and investors generally, and in ordinary times
they command a premium. To require sales
for cash would be to limit the sale of lots to
people of large means or to speculators; while
a higher price could be obtained if the sale
was made in a form readily convertible into
cash, ordinarily at par, though itisnot so at the
present time. I would therefore suggest that
the words "or ground rents " be inserted after
the word "cash."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
it would but complicate the matter, and that
my amendment should remain as it is.
Mr. O^NElLL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
hear it read.
The amendment to the amendment was read,
to add to the amendment the following:
Provided, That all surveys, opening of street's, and
laying off lots shall comply with the plans and sur-
veys of tho city of Philadelphia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
accept the amendment to the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment as
modified.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yesterday when Ireported
this bill, which had the unanimous consent of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, I saw that there
was some objection to it, owing as I thought to
its purpose and character not being fully under-
stood, and I trust the gentlemen who then
thought there was more in it than I think there
is have examined the bill and perhaps have
become satisfied that it is entirely harmless so
far as the objections then entertained to it are
concerned.
It is within the recollection of the House
that the city of Philadelphia presented to the
Government of the United States this largo
amount of land known as League Island, and
which cost the city of Philadelphia a large
amount of money, for the purpose of trans-
ferring the present navy-yard to that locality.
The present navy-yard is higher up the river
by several miles, and almost in the center of
the business portion of the city, and the city
is constantly making encroachments upon it.
The Navy Department came to the conclusion
that it was important 1'or them to have more
space, and in order to get that additional space
m the best form it would be necessary to move
the yard further down the river. The Govern-
ment formally accepted the gift from the city
of Philadelphia* and thus agreed that at the
proper time the transfer should be made. That
proper time will be, I suppose, when the Gov-
ernment will be enabled to make the necessary
appropriations to begin the work. Until those
appropriations are made nothing can be done.
1 he Secretary of the Navy, however, in his
annual report to the President thisyear, recom-
mended that a law should be passed authorizing
him to make the transfer whenever the ap-
propriation should be made. Under the law
accepting this donation from tho city of Phil-
adelphia for this purpose there is no'authority
given to the Secretary of the Navy to be"-in
removing theold yard to this locality whenever
the appropriation shall be made. To make
that law complete it is necessary that this law
should be passed. Whenever the Committee
on Appropriations, of which my friend from
Massachusetts fMr. Dawes J is ths chairman
shall conclude that the Government is in a con-
dition to give us the proper funds to move this
yard down the river, the Secretary of the Navy
will then find the proper legislation necessary
to enable him to carry it out, should the pend-
ing bill be passed. That legislation cannot be
put in an appropriation bill, or if it is, any
member of the House, as gentlemen well know,
can object to it. Therefore the Committee on
Naval Affairs have preceded that appropriation
with this bill.
The amendment offered by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is all well
enough; I have no objection to it. I think
probably it will be an improvement to the bill,
and therefore, so far as my own vote is con-
cerned, I will support it. If the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] or the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] de-
sire to speak now I will yield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
a question involving the expenditure of a great
amount of money.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much time does the
gentleman require?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
tell.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will ten minutes be
enough?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
I shall want more time than that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well; I will yield
to the gentleman for the present.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Iam, Mr.
Speaker, reluctant to oppose a measure which
seems to have so many friends on this floor;
but I think this is a matter of too much im-
portance to be passed over lightly; and in my
judgment this bill, if passed, will involve a
resulting appropriation which $10,000,000 will
not cover. What is the proposition? It is to
remove the navy-yard at Philadelphia from
where it now is and where undoubtedly it is
very much cramped for room, but where, as I
understand, the area may be enlarged to any
extent desired. The proposition is to remove
this navy-yard to League Island. Now, my
objection to this measure is the same which was
stated to me by the head of one of the naval
bureaus, who said that if it were not for the
fact that League Island is a mud-bank, where it
will be necessary to pile for fifty or sixty feet
in order to get a good foundation, and the fur-
ther fact that it is a very unhealthy location, it
would be a very good place for a navy-yard.
No doubt this is the fact; but those two objec-
tions seem to me to be insuperable.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield
to me for a single moment I wish to correct
two errors into which he has unconsciously
fallen. The first is as to the possibility of in-
creasing the dimensions of the present navy-
yard at Philadelphia. Its area cannot be ex-
tended east, west, north, or south.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. My au-
thority for my statement on that point is one
of the commissioners who made the recom-
mendation for accepting League Island; and
the map now before me would seem to indicate
that the land below the existing navy-yard can
be very easily acquired for the purpose of en-
larging the yard.
Mr. KELLEY. Since the commission to
which the gentleman refers made that recom-
mendation the land between the present navy-
yard and League Island has been purchased by
the heaviest corporation in Pennsylvania, with
the view that the great Pennsylvania Central
railroad may have its terminus at the wharves
along there; and that land cannot now be
acquired at any price. So much for that point.
Now, sir, one word as to the statement that
m order to get a good foundation at League
Island piling will be necessary to the depth of
sixty feet. If the gentleman will refer to the
official report made by the scientific men ap-
pointed to examine the soil at that location, and
who reported its character at various depths
three feet ^ apart, sending to the Navy Depart-
ment specimens of the earth found in each case,
he will find that instead of League Island beiacr
a mud-bank, instead of the soil being alluvial,
it is part of the main land, and furnishes as good
wells of water as are to be found in the city of
Philadelphia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In an-
swer to the remark about the foundation of this
island, I will say that I have here a map indi-
cating the survey and the tests that were made.
1 find that at one of the borings it was necessary
to bore through mud and sand sixty-five feet
to reach a gravel foundation; in other places
about thirty feet. But the latter borings were
through the central part of the island. Had
all the borings been made along the part of the
island where the wharves will have to be con-
structed, unquestionably the depth of sixty-five
feet would have been reached before finding a
solid foundation.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to trespass a
single instant on the gentleman's time, and then
I will interrupt him no further. The land at
League Island conveyed to the Government con-
sists of two parts, the island proper and the
accretions. The borings on the island proper,
which embraces about four hundred acres, con-
firm all that I have said. By going out to the edge
of the alluvial deposit that has grown up around
the island and boring, there the gentleman's
statement can be confirmed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will my colleague [Mr.
Kelley] state how many acres of land there are
in this tract given by the city of Philadelphia ?
Mr. KELLEY. The tract embraces over
six hundred acres ; two hundred of which are
alluvial, and four hundred of which are of the
general character I have stated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, let us undeflfctand what League Island
is and how it happens to be there. It is an
island formed just at the confluence of the
Schuylkill with the Delaware. It is an island
that has been formed in consequence of the
counter-current of the Schuylkill retaining the
deposits which come down from the river above.
It has been accumulating ever since and per-
haps before William Penn traded the Indians
out of Pennsylvania. Until within a few
years it contained only two hundred acres.
By accretions from Philadelphia, receiving
substances discharged from the sewers of that
great city, it has grown to about four hundred
acres. Finally it has been extended from four
hundred to six hundred acres. And this pro-
cess is still going on, and will increase as Phil-
adelphia increases. One branch of the river,
that between the island and the Philadelphia
shore, has been gradually filling up. The re-
port of the commission states that originally
this channel was sufficiently wide and deep to
bear the largest vessels of war, while now
vessels only of the smallest class can pass
through it.
As I have before said, my objection is the
great expense which will attend the establish-
ment of the navy-yard at this place ; and fur-
ther, in my judgment, a navy-yard located at
such a place as League Island cannot be other-
wise than unhealthy. This, too, is the judg-
ment of the first commission that was appointed
to examine into the subject. I beg to call
attention for a few moments to the history of
this matter. Philadelphia proposed to give
this island to the United States. Well it might,
for it had been there for centuries and was con-
sidered of little value to any one. Philadelphia
naturally was anxious to have the existing
navy-yard removed, which I have no doubt ia
an obstruction to the city. I believe that a
navy-yard is a curse to any great city. It has
the effect to demoralize the labor outside of
the yard. In a great manufacturing city like
Philadelphia there could be no greater curses
i?an ^Favy'yarf3, with its eight-hour system, in
the midst of an industrial population. But that,
is a matter for Philadelphia. Idonotfind any
objection to it on that ground ; but, sir, if we
remove the navy-yards from great cities I think
we will have much better navy-yards and much
better labor. A commission was appointed of
