694
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of the heating apparatus of the Library of
Congress, and other steam-heating apparatus
in the central building, eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars.
For electrician for the Capitol, one thousand
I wo hundred dollars.
For compensation of five watchmen m res-
ervation number two, three thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
seven thousand five hundred and seventy dol-
liirS' COURT OF CLAIMS.
Foj; salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the chief clerk and assistant clerk,
bailiff, and messenger thereof, twenty-six thou-
sand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend tak-
ing testimony, witnesses, and commissioners,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars.
For reporting the decisions of the court,
oleiieal hire, labor in preparing and superin-
tending the printing of the fifth volume of the
Keport[s] of the Court of Claims, to be paid on
the order of (be court, one thousand dollars.
For payment of judgments which may be
rendered by the court in favor of claimants,
one hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That
no pardon or amnesty granted by the Presi-
dent, whether general or special, by proclama-
tion or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other
act performed in pursuance or as a condition
thereof, shall be admissible in evidence on the
part of any claimant in the Court ot Claims as
evidence in support of any claim against the
United Suites, or to establish the standing of
any claimant in said court, or his right to bring
or maintain suit (herein; nor shall any such
pardon, amnesty, acceptance, oath, or other act
as aforesaid, heretofore offered or put in evi-
dence on behalf of anyclaimant in said court,
bo used or considered by said court, or by the
appellate court on appeal from said court, in
deciding upon the elaim of said claimant, or
any appeal therefrom, as any part of the proof
to sustain the claim of the claimant, or to entitle
him to maintain his action in said Court of
Claims, or on appeal therefrom; but.the proof
of loyalty required by the twelfth section of the
act of Mutch three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, entitled "An act to amend an act to
establish acourt, for the investigation of claims
n amst, the United States," approved February
twenty four, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
and by the third section of the. act entitled "An
act to provide for the collection of abandoned
property, and for the prevention of frauds in
insurrectionary districts within the United
.Slates," approved March twelve, eighteen bun-
dled and sixty-three, and by the third section
of the act entitled "An act to provide for ap-
peals fiom the Court of Claims, and for other
putposes," approved June twenty-five, eight-
een bundled and sixty-eight, shall be made by
proof of the matters required by said sections,
respectively, irrespective of the effect of any
executive proclamation, pardon, amnesty, or
other act of condonation or oblivion. And in
ail eases where judgment shall have been here-
tofore rendered in the Court of Claims in favor
of any claimant on any other proof of loyalty
than such as is above required and provided,
and which is hereby declared to have been and
in be the true intent and meaning of said re-
spective acts, the Supreme Court shall, on
appeal, have no further jurisdiction of the cause,
ar.d shall dismiss the same for want of jurisdic-
tion: And provided further, That whenever
any paidon shall have heretofore been granted
by the Pieoident of the United States to any
person bringing suit in the Court of Claims for
the proceeds of abandoned or captured prop-
erty under the said act approved March twelve,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and the acts
amendatory of the same, and such pardon shall
recite, in substance, that such person took part
in the late rebellion against the Government
of the United States, or was guilty of any act
of rebellion against or disloyalty to the United
States, and such pardon shall have been accepted
in writing, by the person to whom the same
issued, without an express disclaimer of and
protestation against such fact of guilt contained
in such acceptance, such pardon and_ accept-
ance shall be taken and deemed in such suit m
the said Court of Claims, and on appeal there-
from, conclusive evidence that such person did
take part in and give aid and comfort to the
late rebellion, and did not maintain true alle;
giance or consistently adhere to the United
Slates; and on proof of such pardon and accept-
ance, which proof may be heard summarily
on motion or otherwise, the jurisdiction of
the court in the case shall cease, and the
court shall forthwith dismiss the suit of such
claimant.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-live thousand dollars.
For compensation to the Vice President of
the United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, fifteen hundred dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
assistant secretaiy, (who shall be a short-hand
writer;) two executive clerks, at two thousand
three hundred dollars each ; steward, and mes-
senger of the President of the United States—
thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OV STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
two Assistant Secretaries of State; for chief
clerk, at two thousand two hundred dollars;
one examiner of claims, at three thousand five
hundred dollars; eight clerks of class four,
additional to one clerk of class four as disburs-
ing clerk, eight clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, three clerks of class one;
one messenger, at eight hundred and forty dol-
lars ; one assistant, messenger, at seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars; nine laborers, and
four watchmen—sixty-six thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty dollars; two clerks of class
four, to make indexes of the records of the
Slate Department, and one clerk of class three,
five thousand two hundred dollars.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form,
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries, and in the city of Washington, seventy-
five thousand dollars: J'rovidcd, That no laws
or treaties shall be published in newspapers
except those which are of a general nature,
which laws shall be selected by the Secretary
of State; and the same shall in all cases be
published without delay.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates. including boxes and transportation of
the same, three thousand dollars.
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and re-
pairs, five thousand dollars.
For books and maps, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz: rent, fuel,
lights, repairs, and miscellaneous expenses,
thirty-two thousand live hundred dollars.
TREASURY DErARTMEXT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury,eig
it thousand dollars; two Assistant
Secretaries of the Treasury, at three thousand
five hundred dollars each; chief clerk, two
thousand two hundred dollars; forty-nine derss
of class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, thirty clerks of ebivj
three, twenty-six clerks of class two, twenty-
seven clerks of class one;, tbiity tvro female
clerks,,at nine hundred dollars each-; eleven
messengers; one assistant messenger, at seven
hundreitand twenty dollars, and ten laborers—
in all, two hundred and seventy one thousand
and sixty dollars.
In the construction branch oftheTreastiry:
For supervising architect, three _thousand
dollars; assistant supervising architect, iwo
thousand five hundred dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand dollars; photographer, twenty-five
hundred dollars; two assistant photographers,
one at one thousand six hundred dollars, and
one at one thousand two hundred dollars; two
clerks of class four, four clerks of class three,
three clerks of class one, and one messenger—•
twenty-seven thousand two hundred and forty
dollars..
Superintendent's branch of the Secretary's
office:
For one captain of the watch, one thousand
four hundred dollars; one engineer, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; one machinist and ,
i gas-fitter, one thousand two hundred dollars-,
one storekeeper, one thousand dollars; Shirty
watchmen, at seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars each, and to one of said watchmen, acting
as lieutenant of watchmen, two hundred and
eighty dollars in addition; thirty laborers, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each ; five
firemen, at six hundred dollars each; seventy
women as cleaners, at one hundred and eighty
dollars each—in all, sixty-three thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars; and the first pro-
viso in the act of Congress, entitled "An act
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for service of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and for other
purposes," approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, is hereby repealed.
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, five
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars ; ten clerks of class four, twelve clerks
of class three, twelve clerks of class two, six
clerks of class one ; six copyists, at nine hun-
dred dollars each; one messenger; one assist-
ant messenger, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars; and three laborers—in all, seventy-
seven thousand three hundred and twenty
dollais.
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
three thousand dollars ; chief clerk, two thou-
sand dollars; twelve clerks of class four,
twenty clerks of class three, twenty^eight
clerks of class two, twenty-oue clerks of class
one ; twelve copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; one messenger, eight hundred aim forty
dollars ; one assistant messenger, at seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars; and two laborers—
in all, one hundred and thirty-six thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For Commissioner of Customs, three thou-
sand dollars ; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lars; two clerks of class four, six cierks of
class three, eight clerks of class two. live
clerks of class one, one messenger; and oe.o
laborer—in all, thirty-six thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For First Auditor of the Treasury, te>-ee
thousand dollars ; chief clerk, two thou-wi-d
dollars; three clerks of class four, ten clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, thirteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, one ass: -
ant messenger, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars; and one laborei—in ail, fifty-eight
thousand two hundred and eighty dollais.
For Second Auditor, three thousand dollars ;
