2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
rrb©y are amenable to the law, and being so, upon
the very fundamental principles of our Governs- ut
have a right to be represented, and to say who s!.«il
make the laws. It i& not property or poverty that
rules here. It is the man, responsible to God and
re^ponsi ble to the law. To say o therwise wou U1 make
poverty worse than a crime. The pauperis bound
by evtry law upon thoetatute-book, and is protected
by every provision of tho constitution, as mueii so
as the wealthiest, wisest, or most successful man in
the community. Sickness, the calamities and acci-
dents of life, may reduce men to this sad condition.
That is bad enough. Tho law never intended to add
to his miseries by making him the only slavo that
remains in our Republic. All tho duties of life bind
him: lie can niakoa contract, ho can bo obliged to
testily, ho can marry, be can sue and bo sued, he is
only restr iinucl and bound by rules as every one is
who lives in any institution. Persons in hospitals,
asylums, factories, homes for disablednoldiers, public
works Govornmentshops, nndull kindsof public and
eleemosynary institutions, as well as privato estab-
lishments, are bound by fixed rules that are enacted
jo r the preservation of good order, to main tain discip-
line, and cany out the purposes of the establishments.
This is all that he is subjected to, and these rules
and tho restraints of tho house ho can relievo him-
self fiom at any moment by asking for hi3 dischargo.
The poor-house is his residence; it would bo there
that proecss of law, criminal or civil, would bo served
upon him; and it is from that.residence ho may vote,
provided he has lived there ton dajs preceding tho
election and conformed to tho requirements of the
law. If to receivo public support would bo legal
cau.se of disqualification wo mustnot forget that oven,
now a largo number of white aud black citizens of
tho southern portion of this nation a rc still receiving
:ind lov.vingnpon tho supplied bounty of tho Govern-
ment. What would bo th'>ir condition? for some
of tliOfO who have received and still receive that
bounty wore oneo tho wealthiest and best bred, and
mo nioi-t accomplished, and sometimes reputed tho
wisest people in tins region. By tho ealamitiec. of
war tney are reduced to want; but God forbid that
tbey or any one should by any calamity bo stripped
oi their right of manhood aud biutalixed down to
that slavery from which wo have been, by God'a
providence, all emancipated.
I am, respectfully,
BENJAMIN IIAllUTrf JjllEWSTEll.
I have upon a former occasion, in tho report
which X Mibmitted in tho case of Foster and
Oovode, enlarged upon this pauper vote; and
1 desire to call attention to the views which I
submitted on that occasion, and which seem
to me pertinent to the issue involved here:
" In the ease of this class of voters the objection is
not sustained, we find, by any law of Pennsylvania*
nor is it sustained by the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives in the contestcd-oiection case of Koontz
rH. Coffroth, Thiity-Ninlh Congress, first session,
(Report 2S!o. 92, vol. l.of House Report5:, 18G5-G6.)
Jn tho majority report, which was adopted, and
ousted the sitting member, it was hold that this kind
of vote could *not be deducted from tho count of tho
sitting member. Kach&tnte frames its own laws for
thomaintenanccandcarool its poor. Tho laws pro-
vide protection for the poor who, by reason of age,
disease, infirmity, or other disability,' become unable
to work. With regard to tho elective franchise by
oueh tho laws of Pennsylvania are silent. As they
are not expressly deprived of tho right, wo cannot
see why tho unfortunate provided for by the public
may not vote asit provided tor by a parent or a sou ;
certainly not, until tho authorities of Pennsylvania
shall have decided for themselves the law, forwhieh
they have had frequent opportunities. Therefore
we here make no deduction from tho count oi the
sitting member."
Tho next point wherein, as I consider, the
majority have erred is in rejecting 7 votes given
at the arsenal, at Frankford, in the twenty-
third ward of Philadelphia. 1 believe that the
votes cast there should either be all rejected
or all admitted. The majority, however, have
admitted IB while they reject the remaining 7.
Since the action of the Senate of tho CJnited
States on the 1st day of April, 1870, on the
admission to a seat in the Senate of General
Ames, who at the time of his election—in the
language of the majority of the committee in
this chho as touching this soldier vole—was
not in Mississippi uby his own volition, but by
command oi his military superiors," I am com-
pelled, therefore, to say that 1 cannot coincide
with the majority of the committee in their
rejection of 7 of the votes known as the soldier
vote, in the eighth division of the twenty-third
ward. Moreover, soldiers stationedatarsenals
have uniformly been allowed to vote without
Lh.uci.uicuor objection. These 7 votes would
a ^ ice i'-ie alleged majority to ol votes.
x now come to the votes ot the 01 voters in
the fourth division of the twenty-fifth ward,
who it is alleged were not assessed. The con-
testant asked that the entire uoll be thrown
out j but the committee unanimously deoided
that the poll should be purged. In purging
that poll the majority of the committee de-
ducted from the majority of the sitting mem-
ber 33 votes. But they made an error in
deducting the vote of James Hilburn, whom
they admit to be a legal voter, and whom they
supposed they had counted. This reduces the
number to 82. I propose to refer in detail to
the qualifications of these 32 voters, as they
appear by the testimony. The first is Patrick
Phillips. What does he testify?
"At the time of tho last October election I lived
at lol-l Salmon street, in the fourth division of the
twenty-fifth ward. Ihavo lived in tho samo houso
goinsr on twenty-six years. 1 own tho houso 1 livo
in. I voted in that division at the last October elec-
tion. I am a citizen of tho United States and of tho
State of Pennsylvania. 1 had paid a State or county
tax within two years of that election. 1 havo been
a voter since 18-11."
This voter possessed every qualification re-
quired by the law, and he voted at the Novem-
ber election without objection. He had resided
twenty-six years in the same house. Yet the
majority of the committee reject his vote.
The next of these voters is Edmund Parson,
Avho testifies as follows :
"At tho last Oetobcr election I resided at 1100 Sal-
mon street. I had lived thero a month and a half
before tho oloction, from about tho 10th of August
preceding. I voted in the fourth division of tho
twenty-fifth ward, I am American-born. 1 had paid
n St.ato or county tax within two years of that election,
1 am a native of Pennsylvania and havo lived here
all my life
The next is Francis Mulvahill. What does
he testify ?
"At llio last October election I lived at luOS Sal-
mon street, in tho fouith division of the twenty-hUh
ward. X have lived there .since 1817, and voted thero
at that election. I am a citizen of tho United States
and of tho irUate of Ponn^lvania, and a property-
holder. I had paid a State orcoumy tax within two
yeara previous to hu.tOctoberelcetion. (T,«\ receipts
produced.) I havo been a voter in that division for
twenty yeais."
The majority of the committee ask to cast
that vote out.
The next vote is that of Barney McEiorey.
Undoubtedly an error. No such man voted
at all. No such man is on the list of voters
of this division as filed by contestant, on page
246; nor is the name anywhere on the regis-
tered list of taxabies, page 24V. This cannot
in justice bo charged to the incumbent. It is
clearly an error.
Jolm Caughey. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page 380:)
"Jolm Cauprhey, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on tho part of incumbent, deposes and
bavt-:
"My name is John Cautfhey, At tho last Octo-
ber election I resided in the fourth division of the
twenty-liithward. Xhavoroudedthereoightmoriths
the Gth of this month. Previous to that 1 icsided m
Ann street, in the sixth division of the twenty-fifth
ward, for about three years. 1 voted in tho fourth
divibion of tho twenty-fifth ward at the last October
electiou. I hoard every one say I was on t ho assessed
list. I cannot road. I am a naturalised citizen ot
tho United States, and of tho State of Pennsylvania.
1 have not my papers hero with me. J have been
naturalized about eleven years. 1 paid a State or
county tax within ten or twclveduys previous to the
la^t October election."
Had been in the country eighteen years, and
yet the majority throw out his vote.
Lewis Pryor. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page o81:)
"Lewis Pryor, a witness produced, sworn, and ex-
amined on tho part of incuiabont, deposes aud says :
"Mynameis Lewis Pryor. At the last Oetobcr elec-
tion T resided at lo!9 iiMj?emont street, in the fourth
division of the twenty-fifth ward. X have lived there
soing- on lour years. 1 voted in that division at. the
last October election. That was my firoi vote. I
voted on ase; I was twenty-two years old on the 10th
day of January, 1869. 1 am native born. My vote
was not challenged. My father was at the polls to
vouch for my age. My lather was not questioned a*
to my ag-e. Tho officers insido knew my a^e. X had
a brother who voted. Ho was two yeais older rhan
me. 1 was born m IS?''!; I mean to say in 1847; it
was near 184(3. My mother told me when X was born."
Added to the registered list of taxablcs and
marked as voting on age. (Page 368.) Also,
see Fitzpatrick'.s testimony on this page.
Patrick Kathgan. Undoubtedly a goud vote.
(See his testimony, page 373 :)
"Patrick Kathgan, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on the part of the incumbent, deposes and
savs:
My name is Patrick Kathgan. At the last October
election I lived at 1422 Edgemont street. I voted in
the fourth division of tho twency-fifth ward, i am
a citizen of the United States, and of the State of
Pennsylvania. I have paid a Stato or county tax
within tho last two years. I havobeen living in that
division aboutfive years."
This is a voter whom the committee (on page
8 of their report, seventh line from the bot-
tom) say voted on a fraudulent tax receipt.
He swears as to having paid tax in 1867 as well
as 1863 ; still his vote is unjubtly thrown out.
'Thomas Lawler. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page 373:)
"Thomas Lawler, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on the part of the incumbent, deposes and
says:
"My name is Thomas lawler. I live atNo. 1421
Almond street, and i lived thore at the last October
election. Xvoted in the fourth division of the twenty-
lifrh ward. X havo lived in that division over threo
ye.us. I am a citizen of the UnitedStates and of the
State of Pennsylvania. I havepaidaStateorcounty
tax within two years. X have been a voter about
eleven years.
" Cross-examined:
" I paid my tax on the 29th April, 1863. (Tax receipt
produced, dated April 29, 1$6S, for property 1421
Almond street, and for personal tax.) There was a
man sworn for me when X voted; I was not sworn. X
was challenged on my residence; I produced my tax
rcccipt, butitwasnottaken. I also produced my nat-
uralization papers, but the election officers said they
were not necessary, as X was challenged on residence.
J was naturalized about eleven years ago in Phila-
delphia. X havo lived in Philadelphia over since X
was naturalized. I landed thore on my arrival in
this country, and have never lived anywhere else,"
Philip Monaglum. Undoubtedly a good
vote. (See his testimony, page 375 :)
"PhilipMomnrhan, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on tho part oi the moumbent, deposes and
" My name is Philip Monasrhan. I resided at the
corner oi William and Salmon streets, at No. 155:}
Salmon sti cot, at tho last October election. 1 was
born there. X voted in tho fourth division of the
t wcnty-lifth want at tho last October election, X am
a citizen of the United States and of tho State of
Pennsylvania. X voted on age last October. I was
twonty-ouo years of ago on tho 28th day of Septem-
ber, 1808. I was sworn as to my age."
Edward McCafferty. Undoubtedly a good
vote. (See his testimony, page 877:)
"Edward McCafferty, a witness produced, sworn,
and examined on tho part of incumbent, deposes
and pays:
" My name is Edward McCafferty. At tho last Oc-
tober election X lived at No. 1404 Salmon street, in
the fouith division of thetwenty-lifth ward, and had
Jived there nearly a year previous to that election.
I voted m that division last October. 1 am a citizen
of the United States and of the State of Pennsylva-
nia. I had paid a Stato or county tux within two
years previous to said election. X nave been a natu-
ralized citizen since 1860, My vote last October was
my (ir?t in that division and ward, I have lived in
I'onnsylvaoia ; it is my homo and has been, I had
Jived in Oieariield street, in tho sixth division of the
twenty-tilth ward, previous to removing to Salmon
street."
lleguliH'ly assessed in the sixth division of
ilie twenty-fifth ward, (see record, page 434,)
" Clearfield street, north side, Edward Mc-
Calferty, laborer.''
Wilson Larue. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page 879 :)
" Wilson Larue, a witness produced, affirmed, and
examined on tho part ol incumbent, deposes and
SIM'S'
"My name is Wilson Larue. At! the last October
olootion J lived at J040Somerset street, in the fourth
division of tho twenty-fifth ward. My family had
lived in Somerset street lor about two weeks before
tho last, October election. When I came to run on
tho iMili'oael I boarded with Mrs. Brown, in the same
division of that ward. 1 voted in that division at the
last October election. 1 was assessed in that division.
J had paid a State or county tax within two years
preceding the last Oetobcr election. Before moving
into tbis ward I had lived in Montgomery county,
Pennsylvania, for four and a half years."
\\ us assessed and vouched for by Charles
Olden.
John McWilliams. Undoubtedly a good vote.
AV as on the regular assessment and on the list
of taxables. Voted and resided in the division
twenty years. Naturalized sixteen years ;pvop>
eity-holder, and paid taxes. (See hja testi-
mony. page 879:)
"J ohn McWilliams, a witness produced, sworn, and
examinod on the part of incumbent, deposes and
k;;vs :
"My name is John McWilliams. At theiast October
