1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5485
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas before it is stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to perfect the portion proposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. STEWART. I propose to strike out
all of the amendment after the words " shall
be," in the fifty-sixth line, and to insert:
Retailed in the Treasury of the United States, tho
interest thereon to bo held as a fund for tho educa-
tion of the Choctaw tribe, and to be annually ex-
pended for that purpose, and no other, under sueh
regulations as the Secretary of tho Interior shall
prescribe.
The rest of the amendment which I propose
to strike out was evidently intended to prevent
this money falling into the hands of assignees
and speculators; but I do not think it will have
that effect. It provides that the bonds shall
be delivered to the proper authorities of the
Choctaws ; but the Choctaws, when they get
the bonds, may be swindled out of them. Tho
object evidently is that they shall have the ben-
efit of this money, and I propose that it shall
be devoted to educational purposes. I presume
110 one will object to this amendment, because
it will secure this money for the benefit of the
Indians. There is an effort in this amend-
ment, and a very proper one, to prevent tho
money falling into the hands of speculators;
but if tho Choctaws get the bonds they will
probably squander them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. There is a reason why that
amendment cannot be adopted if we propose
to carry out the treaty. Under the treaty the
Choctaw nation are to pay off a large number
of individual claims against the Government,
and you cannot divert the fund to any given
purpose and leave them without the power of
paying those claims. There were individual
claims of the tribe for land that they owned
individually, as you will find by examining tho
treaty, and you cannot divert the claim to the
school fund so that there shall not bo enough
left for the payment of the claims of members
of the tribe, which they are bound by treaty
stipulations to pay. If you do that, you cut
them off from doing just what they have agreed
in their treaties to do.
Mr. STEWART. To whom do they owe
the money?
Mr. RICE. To members of their own
tribe, and they have agreed in the very treaty
out of which this claim arises to pay to the
members of tho tribe the individual claims that
those members had against the Government
of the United States. The treaty of 1855
made that agreement.
Mr. STEWART. If we devote the money
to the education of their children I think it
will answer every purpose.
Mr. RICE. You cut off the power to pay
those claims.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Nevada is exactly
right. I believe the interest upon the sum
that can he thus funded will soon enable them
fo pay off all their individual debts ; and I
myself desire, as a friend of the Indians, and
as a member of the Indian Committee, that
this large fund shall be saved from the spolia-
tion of jobbers, attorneys, and agents.
" Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This proposi-
tion comes accredited from tho legal organ of
this body, tho Committee on the Judiciary,
which of course is very strong commendation
of it; but it comes at a period in the session
when my honorable friend who moves it will
see that "it embarrasses this bill; and he will
allow me to say to him that I think, if it should
go on here, it will endanger the success of what
he desires. It could hardly be expected that
this proposition eould go to the House at this
late period and receive the consideration of
the House. Does the Senator really believe
that the House would consent to send it to a
conference committee without the action of the
House upon it? I ask Senators to consider
that we have less than two days, only one day
after this, in which to transact all that remains
to be done in this session.
This matter comes before us without any
written report of a committee. It may be, and
very likely it is, as the honorable Senator
states, that the fact3 are all simple, and all lie
within a narrow compass; but they are un-
known to the Senate. If the Senate adopt the
amendment they will adopt it in trust and con-
fidence; that confidence which they have in
the eommitleo from which it comes. That may
be a proper thing to do ; but it is hardly to lie
expected that that commendation will inspire
sufficient confidence in the House for them to
take it in trust; and if it is not taken in trust
it will not be taken at all at this late day.
Now, I submit to my honorable friend whether
in the entire confidence he has of the correct-
ness of this proposition—which I am not here
now to argue with him—he will not think oil
the whole that it is the wisest thing to bo done
to allow it to go over until December, and then
start early, and with the prestige that it has in
this body from the action of the committee, he
certainly will hardly fail to secure the favor-
able judgment of the Senate upon it then.
Mr. RICE. I would just as soon that the
Senate should say to-day that they will not pay
this claim as to say it at the next session. _ If
it is not the intention of the Senate, or if it is
not the intention of the House, to carry out
the treaty stipulations with the Indians, they
may as well say it at this session as any other.
I find that this claim is getting old enough. If
will be still more stale at the next session than
it is now. I have before me the Globe of 1807,
when the Senator from Ohio made just such a
speech as lie has made to-day, that this was an
old claim, too old to be acted upon; and he
asked that it be not put upon the Indian appro-
priation bill for the same reason that he asks
to-day that it be not put upon this bill. He
did not say then, though, that lie did not know
that the claim was right; but he thought it was
an old claim, and that it had better be kid
over and investigated further; and from year
to year that has been the argument. Now, the
claim is getting a little too stale for mo to con-
sent that it shall go over to tho next session.
I would rather it should be defeated here to-
day. Let it be defeated or passed; let us dis-
pose of it and end it. I know that 1 want noth-
ing to do with it'aller this session.
Mr. MOllHILL, ofMaitte. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
allow me to soy a single word?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have investigated this sub-
ject. I understand it, I think, fully in its gen-
eral outline. 1 want this fund, which is unques-
tionablv due t<> the Indians, to be secured to
them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Air. DAVIS. But sooner than that it shall
not pass in the form proposed by the Senator
from Arkansas, I would prefer that it should
fail wholly. 1 want to have this money secured
to the Indians, and I do not wish it to bo
divided out by fees of thirty-three and fifty per
cent, among attorneys and agentij. I aui a
friend to the Indians. I profess to be, and I
am as much so as any man in this body. I
want this fund which belongs to the Indians
secured to them ; and I do not desire that it
shallbecome the plunder of a "ring." I there-
fore hope that the proposition of the Senator
from Nevada will be adopted, and if that can-
not be adopted, then I desire that tho measure
shall fail for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the proposition of
the Senator from Nevada?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the words " shall be," in
the sixth line of the proposed amendment, and
to insert: • •' ;
Retained in tho Treasury of the United States: the
interest thereon to be hold as a fund for the, educa-
tion of said Chootaw tribe, and to bo annually ex-
pendod/or that purpose, and no other, under such,
regulations, as tho Socrota.ry of the Interior shall
prescribe.
Mr. RICE. I should have no objection to
that amendment if it were qualified by provid-
ing for such claims as they agreed in their
treaty of 18G5 to pay other Choctaw Indians.
It is in conflict with the provisions of their
treaty. They agreed to pay certain debts due
to members of their own tribe.
Mr. STEWART. . Let'them pay those debts
out of their' other annuities, if they owe any,
and let this be a sacred fund.
Mr. RICE. Perhaps they will not be able to
do so.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, yes. If their children
are educated with this fund they can attend to
those other debts out of their other annuities.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it will be much
better to put this money to their credit on the
books of the Treasury than to issue bonds. It
will be much more secure to the Indians, and
give the Secretary of the Interior much less'
trouble, and give the Indians themselves less
trouble. Would it not be better to change tho
phraseology and say "placed to their credit on
the books of the Treasury?"
Air. STEWART. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This claim was before
the Committee on the Judiciary, and was ex-
amined there with some care by one of the
members of the committee, who stated the facts
in relation to it, from an examination of it from
•thebeginning; andl confess, without going into
a detailed statement of those facts, it seemed
to mo that there was no escape from the obli-
gation of the Government to pay this sum. If
this treaty had been with one of the recognized
nations of the earth, instead of With a feeble
Indian tribe, the Government of the United
States would have been disgraced in the eyes
of the civilized world if it had refused to pay
this sum. If it were a question presentee! in
a court, there could be but one decision upon
it. The case seems to me to be complete.
It docs not, as the Senator from Ohio says,
depend on tho action that was taken in 1860,
when certain Senators who went out of this
body and into the rebellion succeeded in get-
ting an appropriation of $500,000 on this claim ;
but the claim is based on a treaty that we made
with these Indians. "We owed them something,
and we disputed with them as to what the
amount was, and itwas agreed that the amount
should be fixed by this body. This body set-
tled the principles on which it should be fixed,
and directed the Secretary of the Interior by
law to make a commutation of the amount .due
them upon certain fixed principles which Were
laid down. The Secretary made that compu-
tation, and under that computation a certain
amount was found to be due them, and we have
never paid it. Now we agree to that; and so
far as 1 could discover—the papers were exam-
ined by another member of the committee, but
he stated them fully to the committee—the case
was complete.
My inclinations were all against this claim,
and they are against all these old claims. They
get into the hands of claim agents, and jobbers,
and speculators, and the real parties in interest
do not have the benefit of them; and I have
no doubt now, from what, I have seen since
this claim has been up here, and tho interest
that parties seem to take in it, that they are
expecting to get a considerable portion of this
money. That is calculated to set Senators
against the claim ; and yet the claim seems to
be a just one. I should be very glad to have
it fixed in such away that these people for
whom it is not intended shall not be able to
grab the money, but that it shall go to tho bene-
fit of the Indians. If the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada, and accepted,
