18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Laws of the United States.
41st Go fl....2-d Sess.
chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; six clerks
of class four, fifty-four clerks of class three,
one bundled and nine clerks of class two, one
hundred clerks of class one, one messenger;
five assistant messengers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each ; and seven laborers—
in all, three hundred and eighty-four thousand
two hundred and eighty dollars.
For Third Auditor, three thousand dollars ;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; eleven clerks
of class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars ;
twenty-eight clerks of class three, ninety-two
clerks of class two, ninety-six clerks of class
one; ten copyists, nine thousand dollars;
three messengers; two assistant messengers,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars each ; a.ud
four laborers—three hundred and twenty-nine
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For the Fouith Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars : chief clerk, two thousand dollars; five
clerks of class four, eighteen clerks of class
three, twelve clerks of class two, eleven cleiks
of class one, one messenger, one assistant mes-
senger at seven hundred and twenty dollars ;
and three laborers—in all, seventy-six thou-
sand five hundred and twenty dollars.
For the Fifth Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars; chief clerk, two thousand dollars; four
clerksof class four, eight clerks of class three,
eight, clerksof class two, twelve clerks of class
one ; seven copyists, six thousand three hun-
dred dollars; one messenger, one assistant
messenger, and two laborers—fifty-nine thou-
sand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of tlie
Treasury for the Post Office Department, three
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollais: nine clerks of class four, additional
to .one cVrk of class four as disbursing clerk,
two hundred dollars; forty clerks of class
three, sixty-four clerks of class two, thirty-
seven clerks of class one, one messenger ; one
assistant messenger, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars; and eleven laborers—two hun-
dred and twenty-eight thousand eight hundred
and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, six thousand five hundred dol-
lars; Assistant Treasurer, two thousand eight
hundred dollars ; cashier, two thousand eight
hundred dollars ; assistant cashier, two thou-
sand live hundred dollars; five chiefs of divis-
ion, at two thousand two hundred dollars
each; two piincipal book-keepers, two thou-
sand two hundred dollars each ; two tellers,
(avo thousand two hundred dollars each ; one
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; two assist-
ant telleis, two thousand dollars each ; fifteen
clerks of class four, fifteen clerks of class three,
eleven clerks of class two, nine clerksof class
one ; si.\ty female clerks, fifty-four thousand
dollar,; fifteen messengers; five male labor-
ers, at seven hundred and twenty doliars each ;
and seven female laborers, at two hundred and
forty dullais each—in all, one hundred and
I'i^htv-nme thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars. ^ ,
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, thiee thousand dollars ; _ assistant
re;'i-itor, two thousand dollars ; chief clerk,
1 wo thousand dollars ; five clerksof class four,
twelve c'eil.s of class three, twenty-four clerks
of class two, ten clerks of class one, one mes-
senger, two assistant messengers at seven hun-
dred mid twenty dollars, and two laborers in
ai!. eighty-l'our thousand five hundred and
twensy dollais.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Tieasury, three thousand five hundred dollars;
assistant solicitor, three thousand doliars ; chief
eSei k, two thousand doliars ; one clerk of class
I our. three clerksof class three, three clerks
o! class two, one clerk of class one, one mes-
senger, and one laborer—in all, twenty-two
thousand and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the chicf clcrk of the
Light-House Board, two thousand dollars; one
clerk of class three, one clerk of class two, one
clerk of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer—in all, seven thousand seven hundred
and sixty dollars.
For Comptroller of the Currency, five thou-
sand dollars ; for deputy comptroller, two
thousand five hundred dollars; ten clerks ol
class four, eighteen thousand dollars; twelve
clerks of class three, nineteen thousand two
hundred dollars; eight clerks of class two,
eleven thousand two hundred dollars; eight
clerks of class one, nine thousand six hundred
dollars ; twenty-four female clerks, at nine hun-
dred dollars each, twenty-one thousand six
hundred dollars ; four messengers, two labor-
ers, and two night watchmen, five thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars—in all, ninety-
two thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars.
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, six
thousand dollars; three deputy commission-
ers, one at three thousand five hundred dollars,
and two at three thousand dollars each ; one
solicitor, four thousand dollars; seven heads
of divisions, two thousand five hundred dollars
each; thirty-four clerks of class four, forty-
eight clerks of class three, fifty-two clerks of
class two, thirty-eightelerksofclassone, ninety-
five female clerks at nine hundred dollars each,
five messengers, three assistant, messengers at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each, and
fifteen laborers—'in all, three hundred and
ninety-five thousand live hundred and sixty
dollars.
For temporary clerks for the Treasury De-
partment, forty thousand dollars : Provided,
That no temporary clerk shall receive a greater
compensation than at the rate of twelve hun-
dred dollars per annum for the time actually
employed: And provided J tiriher, That ten
thousand dollars are hereby appropriated to be
expended in the office ot the Treasurer of the
United States, at the discretion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
For dies, paper, and for stamps, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, supervisors, de-
tectives, and storekeepers, together with the
expense of carrying into etfcct the various pro-
visions of the several acta providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise provided
for, seven million dollars: Provided, lhat
after the passage of this act the proprietors of
all internal revenue bonded warehouses shall
pay to the collector the current expenses and
salaries of storekeepers or other officers in
charge of such warehouses ; and the same,
when not paid, may bo collected by the same
means provided for the collection of other
taxes; and all sums so collected in the nature
of reimbursements to the United States lor
payments on account of expenses and salaries
of'storekeepers or other officers in charge of
such warehouses, or that may hereafter be so
collecled, shall be carried to the credit of the
appropriation for salaries and expenses ot col-
lectors, storekeepers, and so torth ; and the
Commissioner oi Internal Kevenue and the
accounting officers of the Treasury aie hereby
authorized and directed to take the necessary
steps to carry this proviso into efiect: And
provided further, That the. President may, at
his discretion, divide the States and .territo-
ries respectively into convenient collection dis-
tricts, or alter the same, or unite two or more
district, or two or more States or .Lerritories
into one district, and may exercise said power
from time to time as in his opinion the public
interest may require.
For detecting and bringing to trial and pun-
ishment persons guilty of violating the internal
revenue laws, or conniving at the same, in cases
where such expenses are not otherwise pro-
vided for, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the several bureaus, including copying,
binding, sealing ships' registers, translating for-
eign languages, advertising, and extra clerk-
hire. for preparing aud collecting information
to be laid before Congress, and for miscella-
neous items, fifty thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and the several bureaus, forty-five thousand
dollars.
For desks, tables, cases, boxes, and miscel-
laneous articles of furniture, including repairs
and renovation of the same, ten thousand
dollars.
For carpets, oil-cloths, mattings, rugs, and
other miscellaneous articles of like nature, in-
cluding repairs, renovation, and putting down
the same, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items for
the Treasury building, and other buildings
occupied by the Treasury Department, fifty
thousand dollars.
' ixdependext treasffty.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New York :
For Assistant Treasurer, eightthousand dol-
lars ; for deputy assistant treasurer, chief clerk,
clerks, messengers, porters, watchmen, and
detectives, one hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the compensation
of the deputy assistant treasurer shall be three
thousand dollars per annum, and no more.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston :
For Assistant Treasurer, live thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand seven hundred
dollars; for clerks and messenger, twenty-
three thousand dollars; and so much of the
act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy, approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
as limits the amount appropriated for salaries
of clerks and messengers in this office to twent y
thousand dollars is hereby repealed.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at San
Francisco:
For Assistant Treasurer, in addition to his
salary as treasurer of the branch mint at
San Francisco, fifteen hundred dollars; for
cashier, book-keeper, stamp clerk, clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and porter, seventeen
thousand seven hundred dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Philadel-
phia :
For Assistant Treasurer, in addition to his
salary as treasurer of the Mint, fifteen hundred
dollars; for clerks, messengers, and watch-
men, thirty-four thousand eight hundred and
twenty-three dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis :
For Assistant Treasurer, five thousand dol-
lars : for cleiks, messengers, and watchmen,
ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer [at] New
Orleans :
For Assistant Treasurer, four thousand dol-
lars : for one chief clerk, twenty-live hundred
dollars ; one clerk, two thousand dollars ; two
clerks, three thousand dollars ; one porter,
nine hundred dollars; two watchmen, four-
teen hundred and forty dollars—amounting
in all to thirteen thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
Olficeof Assistant Treasurer at Charleston,
South Carolina:
For Assistant Treasurer, lour thousand dol-
lars ; one clerk, eighteen hundred dollars ; one
clerk, sixteen hundred dollars, ana one assist-
ant messenger, seven hundred and twenty
dollais.
