2654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
respective list of voters in October and Novem-
ber, 1868:
October. November.
Patrick Phillips If! 7
Edmon Parson 00 107
BamyMcEIory  71 25
Francis Mulrahill  94 310
JolinQuinn 89 333
John Oaughey 128 192
Lewis Pryor 131 150
Patrick Kathgan 140 90
Thomas Laulor 113 120
Philip Monahnn 161 2S7
Edward McCaflorty 171 1J8
Wilson Larne   170 455
John McWiltiams   ...180 49,)
Patrick Slavcn   198 240
William Gallagher 289 305
Patrick McGeehan   311 322
James MeG-laughlin 350 32")
Patrick (iillroy, or Kilroy 3nS 425
Urias Pearson 371 4b9
John McNainec 393 101
.James Mc Aran 481 447
Edward Porterfield 498 119
John Cai-berry 033 221
One more word as to the integrity of this
poll. In the October election, as per the tally-
list adopted by the majority of the committee,
the Democratic vote was 496 ; in November
following it was 497 ; (see Ex. M. M. M.,
page 2G0;) and the llepubliean vote in Octo-
ber was 53, while in November following it
was52. (See Ex. M, M. M., page260.) The
aggregate vote in this division in October was
649 votes, and in November following 549—
precisely the same number. Can more clear
proof be needed of the integrity of this poll?
We now have but 29 of the alleged majority
of 72 left to the contestant.
I now proceed to consider Bensalem town-
ship. I cannot agree with tho committee ip
their conclusion in regard to Bensalem town-
ship. In this township the return for con-
testant is 173; for the sitting member, 319.
Tho contestant produced 190 persons who on
their oaths declared they voted at said elec-
tion for the contestant; but as six of these
witnesses testify that they voted for contest-
ant without all the constitutional qualifica-
tions of an elector, these must be deducted
from the 190, which leaves contestanta proved
vote of 184. The names of the six persons of
the 193 who voted for contestant, with their
disqualifications, are as follows, to wit:
Michael Weaver (testimony, page 137,) voted
forcontestant on minor's naturalization papers
to which he is not entitled, being over eighteen
years of age when he came to this country.
George Lynn (page 143) voted for contest-
ant, and had not paid a State or county tax
within two years.
Watson Praul (page 149) voted for contest-
ant, and had not paid a State or county tax
within two years of the election, as required
by the constitution. His father paid his tax.
In explanation of the constitutional provision,
which requires "tho payment of a State or
county tax within two years" in order that a
person may vote, it was held in Catlin vs. Smith
(2 S. and H.., page 207,) that "to enable a citi-
zen, otherwise qualified, to enjoy the rights of
an elector, it is necessary that he should, within
two years next before the election, have paid
a State or county tax." Praul's father paid it.
William E. Watson (page 151) voted for
contestant; had not paid a State or county tax
within two years of the election. His father
paid his tax.
John II. Harrison (page 152) same as above.
William Vanzant (page 155) same as above.
In addition to these disqualified voters, the
testimony of Joshua H. Minster (page 146)
and Charles Deal, (pages 145 and 146,) as to
whether Charles Deal or his father, Samuel
Deal, voted for contestant, is so contradictory
as to be unworthy of belief. These 2 votes
deducted from the 184 leave 182 as the proved
vote of the contestant at this poll.
Allowing the contestant the full credit of his
vote proved, the returns in this township, as
corrected, would stand thus: Caleb N. Taylor,
182; John R. Reading, 302.
Further, I cannot agree with the majority
of the committee in allowing on the following
testimony an additional difference in favor of
the contestant of 20 votes. (See testimony,
page 171:)
'' Samuel II. Harrison, being duly affirmed, deposes
and says, there wore ten Democratic tickets con-
taining the name of Caleb N. Taylor pasted over tho
name of John K. Reading for Congress."
The contestant has proved but 3 of these
10 votes claimed, namely, Barnard Maguire,
(page 129,)Keuben P. Douglas, (page 137,) and
George Lynn, (pago 143,) all of whom swore
they voted a Democratic ticket with the name
of Caleb N. Taylor on it for Congress. This
would gain to the contestant 3 votes and lose
to the sitting member 3 votes, thus making
the poll in this division, as further corrected,
Taylor 185 and Heading 299 votes, thus mak-
ing a clear gain to contestant, in both cor-
rections, of 82 voles instead of the 54 allowed
contestant in the report of tho majority. This
makes 22 votes overcharged against the sitting
member in this division, reducing contestant's
majority to 7.
Having shown that 65 votes were wx-ongly
charged against the sitting member, I now pro-
ceed to show what credits were wrongfully
withheld from the sitting member in the exam-
ination of this case.
As a general principle, primary evidence is
preferable to secondary evidence. The ballots
are the primary or highest evidence of an elec-
tion, and a Pennsylvania statute requires these
ballots to be preserved for the purposes of con-
tested elections.
The next best evidence are the tally-lists.
These are contemporaneous records made at
tho very time of voting. The hourly report
of the vote and the returns in the prothono-
tary's office are made up from the tally-lists,
are mere copies of those lists, and original
documents are always better evidence than
copies. The tally-lists are preferable evidence
to reports made from them. The majority of
the committee evidently thought so, or they
would not have allowed the tally-list of the
third division of the twenty-third ward to have
overridden the hourly return and general return
of the same division, whereby the contestant
suffered a Joss of GO votes from his general
return of votes.
If this reasoning is correct—and the prece-
dents in all contested-election cases in Penn-
sylvania sustain it—what do the tally-lists as
filed of record in this case show?
I find that in the fourth division of the
twenty-second ward there is an error in the
addition in favor of the sitting member of 13
votes; in theeighth division of the twenty-sec-
ond ward an error in the addition in favor of
the silting member of 1 vote; in the sixth di-
vision of the twenty-third ward an error in the
addition in favor of the sitting member of 8
votes; in the third division of the twenty-fifth
ward an error in addition in favor of the sitting
member of 6 votes; making an aggregate gain
for the sitting member on this proof of 27 votes.
Prom this gain, however, are to be deducted
the vofes the contestant gains by like errors in
the addition of the tally-lists, to wit: an error
in the second division of the twenty-second
ward of 1 vote ; an error in the seventh division
of the twenty-third ward of 0 votes; making
an aggregate gain for contestant on this proof
of 7 votes. Deducting these 7 votes, which the
contestant gains, from the 27 votes which the
sitting member gains makes a clear gain for
(he sitting member of 20 votes from an exam-
ination of the tally-papers. And 1 may here
observe that there is a further discrepancy of
6 votes between the tally-list and general re-
turn of the fourth division of the twenty-fifth
ward, which has been allowed by the majority
of the committee in their report of an alleged
legal majority of 72 for contestant. I concur in
that allowance.
Now, there is one point here to which I
wish to direct the attention of the committcc.
Wherever a question arises between tho various
papers, where there is a discrepancy between
them, if we have the means at hand to correct
the discrepancy by ascertaining how the vote
actually was cast we should avail ourselves of
that opportunity and go to the original source
to find out what was the actual vote. There is
a paragraph in the report of the majority where
I think they err in alluding to this subject.
They will remember that I stated to them that
theso ballot-boxes could be brought to the
committee, and this discrepancy in reference
to the tally-papers corrected by recounting the
actual ballots cast. This, however, the com-
mittee did not accede to. The evidence shows
that notice was given that these ballot-boxes
could be got; yet no intimation requiring them
to be produced was given to the custodians of
those ballot-boxes who had been notified on
the part of the sitting member to retain them,
and who still retains them.
It was to meet just such a contingency as
exists here that the law requires that these
ballot-boxes should be retained in safe cus-
tody, men of high character, the mayor and
recorder of thecity, jointly retainingpossession
of them. The proper notices also were given
to these persons to retain them. And yet the
majority of the committee reject the allowance
of these errors in the tally-list, on the ground
that the ballot-boxes were not examined or
asked to be examined. They were not exam-
ined in the district where the testimony was
taken, because the courts have decided that the
Committee of Elections of Congress were the
only competent authority to send for them and
examine them, and that they were asked to be
examined one of the committee making the
majority reportwillcheerfullyadmit. The sit-
ting member rested, his case, so far as the tally-
lists were concerned, on the examination of the
ballot-boxes and a recount of the ballots, but
the majority of the committee saw fit to reject
these gains without an examination, and the
only one that could test their truth or falsity.
In the absence of the ballot-boxes, or a refusal
to recount the ballots, the committee must take
the highest order of proof presented to them,
which are the tally-lists certified to them by tho
seal of the court having charge of them. They
are conclusive, and especially so when the com-
mittee refuse to avail themselves of the primary
evidence, the ballots, which, by request of the
counsel of the sitting member, have been kept
in safe custody from the day of the election up
to the present time.
These tally-lists, therefore, correcting the
general return, entitle the sitting member to a
clear gain of 20 votes. These overturn the 7
majority left to contestant by the report of a
majority of the committee, and give the sitting
member a legal majority of 13.
I come next to another point in this contro-
versy, to another class of votes, the alleged
individual illegal votes claimed by the sitting
member to be deducted from the contestant's
return, but not allowed by the majority of the
committee. I shall particularize the illegal
votes which I think the committee erred in not
deducting from the contestant. Samuel Ely,
a resident of Kansas, voted in this township.
He was a Republican. (See Knight'stestimonv,
page 296 :)
" Edwin Knight affirmed for incumbont.
1 Witness. I live in Upper Makefield township,
Bucks county. I know Samuel Ely. 1 have known
him fiiteen or sixtoon years. Ho is about thirty
years of age. I know him before he was twenty-one
years of age. I cannot tell how long he has lived
there. .1 learned to know him in Upper Makefield
township. lie had been out of the State about a
year and a half. Ho came back some two or three
weeksbelore the October election. Hevotedattlic
October election. He was challenged on thegrounds
of non-residence.. He was not qualified. The board
asked mm questions, and agreed to let him vote.
1 he politics of the board are Republican. There is
no Democrat in the board."
I maintain that this voter was a non-resi-
dent,. He had left the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and made his residence in another
State, and there was only one way in which
he could recover his citizenship in Peunsyl-
