4542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
on the first bill, and that we may take the
question separately on each.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has not moved to pass over, bat
has moved, under the ancient usage of the Sen-
ate, to postpone all other orders, including this
order, for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the bill in regard to Mrs. Lincoln.
That is the form which has been used for many
long years, before the new rule was ever
heard of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the first one of
the prior orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
on the Calendar ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair has hitherto
ruled that by a motion to pass over we could
bring the attention of the Senate to every bill
on the Calendar, which would have precedence
of the motion to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont makes a motion under the rule
adopted on the 10th of March.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad to know
what the first bill on the Calendar is that we
come to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the effect of the rule. He is compelled
to decide these rales upon their text. By the
rule adopted on the 10th of March it is declared
that—
" The following motions shall be in order at any
time as privileged motions, save as against a motion
to adjourn, or to proceed to the consideration of
executive business; to wit:
"1. A motion to pass over tlie pending subject,
which, if carried, shall have the offect to leave such
subjcctin its existing placo on the Calendar for action
at the next call of the Calendar.
"2. A motion to place the subject at tho foot of the
Calendar."
The Chair, therefore, is compelled to rule
that this motion has priority of tho motion to
postpone; and the Secretary will report the
first bill on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion
now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont now moves, under the rule
adopted on the 10th of March, to pass over
the bills on the Calendar one by one, which
has priority over all other motions under that
rule except a motion to adjourn or a motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business; and therefore has priority over the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
postpone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. May I ask the Chair if
the Anthony rule, which was referred to a
moment ago, is still in force?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Whatwasknown
as the Anthony rule, under which the Senate
acted for eight or ten days, expired by its
own limitation. After that there was a reso-
lution adopted on tho motion of the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeuoy,] that on Fri-
day of each week the Calendar should be taken
up and the unobjected cases disposed of; but
that resolution is not in the same language with
the Anthony rule, which excluded all other
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply desire to con-
gratulate the Senate that one of these new rules
is defunct. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Vermont is to pass over the
first bill on the Calendar, which motion is not
debatable. The Secretary will report the title
of the first bill on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to explain that
my object is not to delay the business of the
Senate; but I am in hopes that the Senator from
Massachusetts, as we get to three or four pen-
sion bills, allowing eight dollars a month to
the widows of soldiers, will allow them to be
considered and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
pass over is not debatable under the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was making an explan-
ation to the Chair.
CIVILIZATION OF INDIANS.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 6d0) to promote the
civilization of the Indians and to prepare them
for the rights and duties of oitizenship. Passed
the Senate March 23, 1870. Motion by Mr.
Stewart to reconsider the vote on the passage
of the bill pending.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the number in the
order of business of th'at, bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has no num-
ber in the order of business. The Chair will
state that it is at the head of the Calendar of
general orders, on the first page of the Calen-
dar. There are three motions to reconsider,
which are not included in the numbering, which
follow after those motions to reconsider.
Mr. DRAKE. That is all I wished to get
at, to know where we might find it on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to pass over this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
GliOltGKTOWN AND IIAlU'EK/S FEUltY RAILROAD.
The Chief Clerk. The next busiuess on
the Calendar is the joint resolution (S. li. No.
172) directing the survey of a route for a rail-
road on the west bank of the Potomac river,
from a point opposite Georgetown to Harper's
Ferry. Passed the Senate May 3, 1870. Mo-
tion by Mr. Vickbks to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I want to know whether, under
the operation of this rule, it would be possible
in any case, any Senator objecting, to move to
postpone all the rest of the Calendar, in order
to get at a particular bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that under the operation of these rules,
taken together, if a Senator moves to postpone
all other orders for the purpose of considering
a bill, under the resolution adopted on the
10th of March, from the Committee on Rules,
a motion to pass over the bills one by one has
priority.
Mr. SHERMAN. And any Senator can
interpose that motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT.
this rul6.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And take up all the bills
on the Calendar in that way ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We may as well abolish
the l-ule at onee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senate can pass
any bill it wishes to pass as it is reached in its
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. But any Senator, then,
may compel us to vote on every bill on the
Calendar before the Senate can get at any-
thing they want to get at. That is the effect
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He can, because
the resolution declares that these motions to
pass over and to place at the foot of the Cal-
endar shall have priority, save as against a
motion to adjourn or to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
indulge me by unanimous consent for one
minute. I know it is out of order to say any-
thing under this new rule. I should think we
had embarrassment enough by this rule, and
now can we not by general consent allow the
Senator from Maine to take up his appropria-
tion bills and go on with them?
Mr. SUMNER. But why can wo not go on
with this bill for the relief ot' Mrs. Lincoln?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because we have got
into a controversy about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator from
Illinois would take notice that this bill has
been pending 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator has
said that again and again ; but how can you
pass it when there is this series of technicalities
raised against it?
He can, under
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can get to it in ita
order and pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. But it is in order. I have
moved again and again to take it up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say one
word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order except by unanimous consent; but the
Chair will not arrest it unless objection be
made by some Senator.
Mr. MORRfLL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word to the Senator from Massachusetts.
I appeal to him to allow me to go on with the
appropriation bills, which are of general pub-
lic importance, and there is an absolute neces-
sity now, which rarely occurs in the sessions of
the Senate, that those bills should be consid-
ered. I gave notice yesterday that I should ask
the Senate to-day to proceed to the consider-
ation of an appropriation bill. My honorable
friend from Massachusetts was in the Senate,
and understood that I gave that notice, and
that I was extremely anxious, and undertook to
state the public necessity for it. We are in a
predicament now that I have never known sinee
I have been in the Senate with these bills; and
I know the Senate will regret that time is spent
on private bills which now at this late day
ought to be spent on public bills. I hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will allow this
matter to subside and allow me to make a
motion to proceed to the consideration of an
appropriation bill. -I have three that I am
ready with, and the Committee on Appropri-
ations are anxious to proceed with them, and
there is an absolute necessity, such as I have
neverknown before, thatt-hose measures should
be proceeded with and disposed of. I appeal
to the Senator to withdraw his motion.
Mr. THAYER. Is it in order now to ask 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow the Senator from Massachusetts
to reply to mv request.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
makes an appeal to me. He should address
his appeal to the Senator from Vermont. It
is the Senator from Vermont who has inter-
posed delay and technicality to prevent the
action of the Senate on a bill which has been
before the Senate since the first week of this
Congress. Now, let my friend appeal to the
Senator from Vermont that we may be allowed
now to proceed with the consideration of this
bill for the relief of Mrs. Lincoln. I have no
desire to debate it; I do not know that there
is any Senator who desires to debate it. I only
wish a vote upon it; and I do not think tha't
I ask too much of the Senate or too much of
my honorable friend from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to say that- he knows quite well
that a silent vote cannot be taken on that bill;
and lie knows, moreover, that it is a private
bill strictly, and there is great doubt about it,
and it will be debated, and he stands in the
attitude of opposing the general business, bills
of a public character, and which are vastly
important now.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'If my friend will allow
me I will make a suggestion for peace and
harmony, and I ask that it be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Vermont will agree to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have a suggestion for
peace and harmony which I wish to state.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is in possession of tho floor if this debate
is allowed to proceed, and has yielded to the
Senator from Ohio lor the purpose of making
a suggestion which the Secretary has in his
hand.
, Mr. SHERMAN. It is to save time. Let
it be read,
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That the pension bills, including the bill
