5486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
I believe, by the Senator from Arkansas, ac-
complishes that object, I shall feel constrained
to vote for the amendment, although I dis-
like to embarrass this bill with controverted
questions^ of any kind. I should rather that
this was in a separate bill; but believing the
claim to be just, and seeing the obligation
that the Government is under, I shall feel
constrained to vote in favor of the amendment
if it is pressed.
Mr. YATES. A part of this subject was
under discussion not long ago on the Indian
appropriation bill, and at thattime I was rather
misled bya statement of the Senatorfrom Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] which caused me to investi-
gate the subject afterward somewhat. I then
voted against the issuing of $250,000 in bonds,
npon the statement made by the Senator from
Ohio that we had already made that payment
in cash. I find, however, that that statement
is not according to the facts, as I understand
them. Of the $500,000 that was to be paid
$250,000 was paid in cash to the loyal portion
of the Choctaw tribe, and the $250,000 that
was to be issued in bonds remained a subsisting
debt against the United States in favor of this
tribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was paid.
Mr. YATES. But, as I understood, the
Senator insisted that the $250,000 which was
paid in cash was the same as the §250,000
which it was then proposed to pay in bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. The $500,000 was paid
under an express provision of law. The whole
$500,000 was paid for the support of the loyal
Choetaw Indians who had fled to Kansas. Tha
money was spent for the benefit of loyal Choc-
taws. The whole $500,000 was specifically
appropriated and paid, and afterward the ques-
tion was raised as to whether that was a legal
and valid payment. But the whole $500,000
was actually paid. There can be no question
of that.
Mr. YATES. Perhaps I am under a mis-
apprehension of what the Senator stated at
that time, because I relied very much upon
his judgment. Now, sir, I want to add to what
my colleague has said, and what the Senator
from Kentucky has said, that 1 made an in-
vestigation of the facts of this case, as my atten-
tion was called to it, and I find that this is a
just and honest claim against the Government
of the United States. I find that, taking the
statement made by the Senator from Ohio him-
self, it is conclusive, because he admits that
we received the land. Afterward a treaty was
made, and that treaty went on to assess the
value of the land or the amount of the obli-
gation of the Government to these Indians.
They agreed upon the amount. In the first
place, there was a treaty that the lands should
be paid for, and then there was a subsequent
treaty made with these Indians reaffirming the
former treaties.
I do not know to whom this appropriation
will go. I scrutinized the claim with a good
deal of curiosity, because I was afraid it was to
go to the benefit of a "ring." I was fearful,
from the amount of the claim—$1,800,000,
that it was a lobby measure, and being opposed
to the passage of such measures, especially
when brought forward at the end of the session
to embarrass legislation, and to put money into
the pockets of men who hang like sharks around
Congress to have improper bills passed, I invest-
igated it; and while I am opposed to these
large appropriations, I cannot justify myself
in voting millions upon millions for every
object which may go to the improvement of the
city of Washington, and every other appro-
priation, and yet refuse a bona fide subsisting
debt made by a treaty of the United States,
reaffirmed by the action of the Senate of the
United States, andthe amount definitely ascer-
tained. We feel bound, I trust, by our treaties
with these Indians. I regretted afterward the
vote I gave before On this question, because
when I came to understand it I saw that this
was a bona fide subsisting debt.
Now, here is an amendment which proposes
to say how the Indians shall dispose of this
money. Will the Judiciary Committee, or will
anybody else who interprets law and the Con-
stitution, say that under a treaty made by the
Government of the United States, by which we
acknowledge that we owe so much money,
which we are bound to pay, we can say, " We
will pay you in annuities," or, " We will appro-
priate the money to the education of your chil-
dren?" Is it not a debt secured by treaty,
which the Government is bound bylaw to pay?
Have we a right to prescribe the conditions
upon which this money shall be expended? I
do not know the facts which are stated by the
Senator from Arkansas, but if ho is correct in
the statement this very money, or a large por-
tion of it, is to go, under the operation of the
treaty, to a portion of the Choetaw tribe. Then,
1 ask, by whatauthority the Senate of the Uni-
ted States or the Congress of the United States
can control the mode and manner of the dis-
tribution of this money?
Now, sir, have we a right in proposing to
pay a debt, not to pay the debt, but simply to
pay the interest upon the debt? If that is the
faith of the United States, if that is the credit
of the Government, if that is what a treaty
of the United States means, that we will not
pay the Indians what we owe and what they
demand, but we will prescribe the mode of
payment and pay the mere interest upon the
sum, then, as I have heretofore stated in a
speech which I made, there are not two con-
tracting parties in this case, which are neces-
sary for every contx'act; but the United States
makes a treaty, puts its own construction upon
it, and says to the Indians, " We will tell you
how you shall expend this money; you shall
have no part in the distribution of the money
which we owe you."
If we could do so I should most cheerfully
vote that this money should be paid in annui-
ties, or that it should be expended for the
education of the children of the Choctaw tribe,
or in the purchase of lands, or whatever might
best contribute to their prosperity; but I do
not see that we have any control over it. The
Government is bound to pay the money, not
the interest on the money alone—it is bound
for both. It ought to be bound for both the
money and the interest on the money. But,
sir, unless the Senator from Nevada can pro-
duce some precedent, or show that we have a
right to control the disposition of this money
in the hands of the Choctawg, I cannot see by
what authority this amendment can be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada has been
modified, and it will be read as modified.
The Chief Clems:. It is proposed to strike
out all of the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas after the words "Secretary of the
Treasury," and to insert:
Be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
place to the credit of the Choctaw nation or tribe on
the books of the Treasury the sum of $1,832,460 85,
which bhall bear interest at the rate of lour per cent,
per annum, which interest shall be applied to tho
education of said Choctaw nation or tribe, to be an-
nually expended for that purpose, and no other,
under such regulations as tho Secretary of tho Inte-
rior shall prescribe,
Mr. RICE. I shall object to four per cent,
as the rate of interest. I do not know why
we should not pay the Indians as much interest
as we pay anybody else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the pro-
priety of limiting this matter in that way. If
you allow the interest to be paid to the Choc-
taw nation, why should it be confined to the
education of the children alone? I suggest
that it be amended so as to provide that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the interest,
to be disposed of in such manner as the tribe
shall direct, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. I think it should not be
confined to education simply
Mr. STEWART. If it can be done under
the Secretary of the Treasury so that it shall
not bs taken up by the speculators, I should
not object.
Mii. TRUMBULL. We are all for doing
that. I suggest to the Senator to accept a
modification of his amendment, to strike out
the words 1( to be expended for educational
purposes"—! do not remember the exact lan-
guage—and to insert in lieu of it "to be ex-
pended in such manner as the Choctaw tribe
or nation, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, shall direct/'
Mr. STE WART. I am afraid that then fchey
would assign the whole of this money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They could not assign
anything but the interest, and the Secretary
would hardly agree to that. It is too-restricted
as it stands.
Mr. STEWART. 11 To be expended in such
manner, for the benefit of the Indians, as the
Secretary shall direct."
The PRESIDING OFFTCER. The amend-
ment, as now modified, will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and ho is
hereby, authorised and directed, to place to the credit
of the Choctaw nation or tribe on the fcooks of tho
Treasury the sum of $1,832,400 85, which shall boar
interest at the rate of four percent, per annum, which
interest shall be expended in such manner for tho
benefit of said Indians, and for no other purpose, as
the Secretary of the Interior shall diroot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that the amend-
ment be modified to read in this way :
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to place to thecredit
of tho Choctaw nation or tribe on the books of tho
Treasury the sum of $1,832.4(30 85, which shall bear
interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum,
which interest shall bo expended for the benefit of
the Indians, and tor no other purpose, in such man-
ner as said nation, with the assent of tho Secretary
of the Interior, shall direct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Nevada to accept
that modification.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator
from Nevada or ray colleague, the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, to answer me a ques-
tion. Admitting, as we all do, that perhaps
it may be the best thing to be done for the
Indians, have we the authority to do it? Can
we put a construction upon a treaty with an
Indian tribe different from that which wo would
put upon a treaty with a foreign nation ? Will
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
answer that if we owed an ascertained debt, a
debt eo nomine and in numero to England, we
could say wc would put $500,000 to her credit
and pay only the interest? Most assuredly
not. That would be no payment of the debt;
there would be but one party to that contract.
That would be deciding for ourselves and for
England too.
Now, the question is whether we can adopt
a different construction of the law and our
treaties with the Indians, and say that instead
of paying them a debt we owe them, an ascer-
tained sum, we shall ourselves exercise our
own discretion and pay them only the interest
upon the debt? Can the.Senate of the United
States draw any such distinction?
I should like to hear an answer to this prop-
osition. According to my notion of law, and
the construction of treaties, we are bound to
pay the Indians as we would any other race or
any other nation. I cannot see the propriety
of the distinction. It is unfair to them. Sup-
pose that they preferred to invest the principal
of this money in newly-acquired lands, or in
the cultivation of lands, or in the education of
their children, or for any other purpose ; have
we a right to act differently toward tliem from
what we would toward any foreign nation?
According to my understanding of this mat-
ter I cannot vote for the amendment on that
ground, because we are taking jurisdiction of
the whole cass, leaving them to be governed
by our construction and interpretation and our
will and pleasure alone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
