1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4548
granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln, be now acted on
in then order, and that the naval appropriation bill
be then taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. THAYER. I yielded the floor a mo-
ment ago to the Senator from Massachusetts
at the request of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairawarded
the floor to the Senator from Nebraska by mis-
take, supposing that the Senator from Maine
had concluded his remarks. But he had not,
and claimed the floor, and being entitled to
it, the Chair was in error in awarding it to
the Senator from Nebraska. If the Senator
from Maine has concluded, the Senator from
Nebraska will be recognized.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I yield to the
Senator.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion ; but if my friend from "Vermont wishes a
few moments I will yield to him, if I can have
the floor afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wantone moment
to defend myself from the aspersions of my
good friend from Massachusetts. I have pro-
posed the very thing that the Senator from
Ohio has suggested to the Senator frotn Massa-
chusetts as the friend of one large pension
bill—that if he would consent to let us take
up and dispose of the bills granting pensions
to the widows of private soldiers and disabled
soldiers, half a dozen or more on the Calendar,
I would consent with the greatest pleasure,
then, to proceed immediately to consider Mrs.
Lincoln's bill, and stick to it until it is dis-
posed of. But my friend from Massachusetts
was unwilling to agree to that. His love of
humanity is so large that he can never see
anybody with less than $3,000 a year, and so
he refused to consent to it, I should be very
glad indeed to accept of the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am perfectly
willing. I accept the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska is entitled to the floor he hav-
ing yielded to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THAYER. I do not like this arrange-
ment, because it is only multiplying arrange-
ments and orders. I offered a resolution yes-
terday to repeal the resolution of the 10th of
March, and I rise now to ask if it is in order for
the Senate to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, by unani-
mous consent. The Senator will see by the
clock that it is after one o'clock. Resolutions
must be considered before one o'clock, not
later than one o'clock.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. THAYER. I have not yielded the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senate. We should all yield a little in
order to get out of this difficulty. We haveset
apart this day, by an order of the Senate, for
the consideration of bills on the Calendar which
are not objected to. Why not act up to that
order? I appeal to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on'Appropriations not to bring up the
naval appropriation bill to-day. I for one will
help him after to-day, after we have executed
this order by which Friday is set apart for un-
objected cases on the Calendar. 1 appeal to
my friend from Massachusetts not to antagonize
the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln. J.
will vote for that bill; but I ask^ him to look at
this fact: ke sees thatwe are losing time in this
way; but if we will all yield a little and go
through with this Calendar we shall reach every
pension bill which my friend from Vermont is
anxious to pass, and in which I am anxious to
aid him, and we shall reach the bill in favor of
Mrs. Lincoln. Now, if we will- 
Mr COLE. 1 rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Nebraska will suspend. The Senator from
California rises to a question of order, which
he will state.
Mr. COLE. I ask if debate is in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
Mr. COLE. Then I insist that we proceed
with the order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. • The first business
is the request of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] asking that by unanimous consent
the following order be adopted:
Ordered, That the pension bills, including the bill
granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln, be now acted
upon in their order, and that the naval appropri-
ation bill b6 then taken up.
Is there objection'?
Mr. MORTON and others. I object.
Mr. COLE. I demand the regular order.
Let us make some progress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California insists on the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the regular order ?
Mr. CONKLING. The regular order is the
Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. Whatbecomesofmymotion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Vermont has priority, under
the order of the 10th of March.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let us proceed
with his motion. I object 
Mr. CONKLING. I object to this debate.
If it is not in order for the Senator from Ne-
braska to debate it is not in order for other
Senators to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Massachusetts
rises to a question of order, and the Chair
must listen to the point of order.
Mr. SIJMNER. Certainly I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is not a
point of order debate is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from New
York will state in what I am out of order 
Mr. CONKLING. I submit that the Sen-
ator is out of order in debating for the purpose
of pressing his bill. The Chair has ruled that
the Senator from Vermont has made a motion
in order, which involves proceeding with the
Calendar; and the Chair has also said, as the
'rule no doubt is, that it is oat of order for
other Senators to debate. I submit, the reg-
ular order being demanded, the business of
the Senate, including all its members, is to go
on with the execution of the motion of the
Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains what the Senator from New York has
stated, except that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts rose to a question of order as to the
proper execution of the order of the Senate,
and he was in order in stating that point.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York spoke before I had finished a sentence.
I rose to ask inpoint of order whether we should
not now proceed, under the call of the Senator
from Vermont, with the whole list of orders in
order to reach the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Lincoln. . ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
so ruled. The question now is on passing over
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) directing
the survey of a rouse for a railroad on the west
bank of the Potomac river, from a point oppo-
site Georgetown to Harper's Ferry.
The motion was agreed to."
SIERRA IllON COMPANY.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 439) to grant land to
the Sierra Tron Company. Passed the Senate
May 20, 1870. Motion by Mr. Casserly to
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
May 25, 1870. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
motion made to pass over the bill, the question
is on reconsidering the votes on its passage.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill be read!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is rejected, and the bill stands
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood the Chair to
rule that the noes had it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then we do not pass it over.
It is before the Senate, and let us consider it.
Mr. POMEROY. It was before the Senate,
and the question was oil its reconsideration,
and the noes had it; it was not reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill there-
fore stands as it originally passed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that some
motion has been made by my colleague during
my absence from the Chamber of just one
minute and a half 
Mr. COLE. That is quite a mistake. I
made no motion in my colleague's absence.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should be glad to be
informed by the Chair what has occurred in
reference to the bill to grant land to the Sierra
Iron Company?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that after considerable debate and mo-
tions the Calendar was taken up under the rule
adopted on the 10th of March. In its regular
order the bill to grant lands to the Sierra Iron
Company was reached, and no motion being
made to pass it over, the question was on recon-
sidering the vote on the passage of the bill.
The Chair stated that. The Chair stated that
the noes appeared to have it, and then that the
noes did have it, and the motion to reconsider
failed, and the bill therefore stood as passed.
He was asked again in regard to it, and the
Chair again stated that the bill had passed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose it is not too
late to ask for the yeas and nays, and I should
like to make that call.
Mr. DRAKE and others. It is too late now.
Mr. CASSERLY. It. would be very extraor-
dinary if the Senate would cut me off from a
reconsideration of the bill, to which my col-
league, when he got it passed the other night,
pledged himself, and to which, of course, the
Senate assented at the time, because the bill
was passed after that explanation by my col-
league. I do not think the Senate understand
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be reinstated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator frora
California asks unanimous consent—'the Chair
does not know of any other way—to sillow
this bill to -remain on the Calendar with the
motion to reconsider pending.
Mr. COLE. There is objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Certainly
the Senator from California will not take
advantage of the momentary absence of his
colleague to dispose of a bill in which he is
interested.
Mr. COLE. I am not taking advantage of
his momentary absence or anything of the kind.
The bill was regularly reached upon the Cal-
endar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tknowitwas.
Mr. COLE. 1 stated to my colleague this
morning, or had communication with him 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects to debate, and the Secre-
tary will recort the nest bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Sierra Iron Company bill was
passed.
Mr. COLE. I do not propose to take any
advantage at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rules of
the Senate the motion to reconsider can only
be entertained by unanimous consent, the time
having passed when another motion to recon-
sider could be made.
Mr. COLE. I am only afraid that if the bill
is put over it will not be passed at this session,
and the Senate will bear me witness that I
have been trying for a long time to get it
before them. . . . .
The VICE PRESIDEN T. Debate is object-
ed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to call attention to
the fact that I understand the Senator from
