698
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
dollars; three cierks of class four, four clerks
of class three, six clerks of class two, seven
clerks of class one; engineer, one thousand
four hundred dollars; superintendent of fold-
ing room, one thousand two hundred dollars;
assista.il t superintendent of garden and grounds,
one thousand two hundred dollars; assistant
superintendent of seed-room, one thousand
two hundred dollars; three copyists, at nine
hundred dollars each ; two attendants in mu-
seum, at one thousand dollars each; chief
messenger, eight hundred and fifty dollars;
two assistant messengers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each; one carpenter, at
nine hundred and sixty dollars; three watch-
men, at seven hundred and twenty dollars
each; and eight laborers, at, seven hundred
and twenty dollars each—making in all, sev-
enty thousand eight hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For collecting statistics and compiling and
writing matter for monthly, annua!, and special
reports, fifteen thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new and
valuable seeds, twenty-live thousand dollars.
For expense of putting up the same, for
I'lfoov, bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other
necessary materials, five thousand dollars.
for labor on the experimental garden, and
for flower-pots, repairs to greenhouse and
heating-apparatus, gravel for walks, and pur-
chase of new plants, and seeds for the same,
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, two thousand dollars.
For freight and charges, one thousand eight
luimlrod dollars.
(Air fuel, one thousand eight, hundred dol-
lars.
For lights, five hundred dollars.
Forrepairsofbuilding, furniture, fences, and
Wilier, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For keep of horses, fifteen hundred dollars.
For new furniture, om; thousand dollars.
For eases for the Department museum, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For collecting and modeling specimens of
fruit, one thousand dollars.
h'or eases (or the library, one thousand dol-
lars.
For foreign and domestic agricultural and
scientific periodicals, two huudred and fifty
dollars.
For completing valuable sets of" the same,
two huudred and fifty dollars.
For en Men t publications and works of refer-
ence, five imndied dollars. t
For collections fur the herbarium, one tliou-
wind dollars.
1'or chemicals and incidentals in analysis,
fiirnaech, line cheuiieat appai.itus, microscope,
and Debasijue sacehiironn-ti-i for laboratory,
one thousand three hundred and filty dollais.
for philosophical apparatus, two hundred
and til'ly dollars.
For collection of minerals and ores, one
hundred dollars.
tor incidental and miscellaneous items, two
thousa.nd dollars.
For paper, twine, gum, and necesiary mate-
rials for folding room, five hundred dollars.
I'OtST ori-Il'E mil'AllTMEXT.
lor compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, eight thousand dollars ; three Assistant
Postinasteis General,at three thousand five huu-
dred dollars each; superintendent of money-
order system, tlnte ihoi'snnd dollars: super-
intendent of foreign mails, three thousand
dollars; chief of division of dead-letter office,
two thousand lire hundred dollars; duel cleric,
two thousand two hundred dolhus; Uirec chief
clerks, at two thousand dollars each ; addi-
tional to one cleitc ol class four, as djsbui.-dug
clerk, two hundred dollars: twelve clerks of
class four, fiity-one clerks of class three, i'orfv-
five clerks of class two, filty clerks of oiuos
one ; fifty female clerks, at nine hundred dol-
lars each ; ten folders, seven thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; one messenger at eight hundred
and forty dollars ; and four assistants, at seven
huudred and twenty dollars each ; nine watch-
men, at seven hundred and twenty dollars
each; fifteen laborers, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars each; twenty-five clerks in dead-
letter office, at eight hundred dollars each—
making in all, three hundred and thirty-two
thousand four hundred and twenty dollars.
For stationery, nine thousand dollars; for
fuel for General Post Office building, including
the Auditor's office, seven thousand four hun-
dred dollars; for gas, four thousand dollars ;
for plumbing and gas-fixtures, three thousand
dollars ; for telegraphing, three thousand dol-
lars ; for painting, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for carpets, three thousand dollars ;
for furniture, three thousand five hundred
dollars; for livery, seven hundred and fifty
dollars; for hardware, eight hundred dollars;
for engineer, one thousand six hundred dol-
lars ; for assistant engineer, one thousand
dollars; for fireman and hlaeksmith, nine
hundred dollars; for two firemen, twelve hun-
dred dollars; for six laborers, four thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars; for one
watchman, seven hundred and twenty dollars;
for one carpenter, twelve hundred and fifty-
two dollars; for three assistant messengers,
seven hundred and twenty dollars each; for
two female laborers, nine hundred and sixty
dollars; for one female laborer, at two hun-
dred and forty dollars; for contingent expenses,
seven thousand five hundred dollars. And the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department is hereby authorized to charge to
the appropriation for mail transportation the
salary and per diem of the assistant superin-
tendents of the postal railway service; to the
appropriation for the Money-Order Bureau the
salary and per diem of the special agent de-
tailed for that service; and to the appropria-
tion for the free-delivery system the salary and
per diem of the special agent detailed for that
service; this provision to apply to the appro-
priations tor the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, as well as "to
subsequent appropriations for the postal ser-
vice.
WAR DEPAimiENT.
_ For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight, thousand dollars ; chief clerk, five clerks
ol class tour; for additional to one eleik of
class four, as disbursing cleric, two hundred
dollars ; for six clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, eight clerks of class one,
one messKiiger; three assistant messengers, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each; one
laborer—forty-six thousand fi>-o hundred and
twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses, seven thousand
dollars.
Oifice of the Adjutant General:
for three clerks oi class lour, nine clerks
of class three, twenty-seven clerk- of class two,
lw"i!ty-sb; clerks of class one, and two messen-
gers, ninety thousand'four hundred and eishty
dollars. For contingent expenses, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Oifice of Quartern:aster General:
.cor four clerks of class four, eight clerks of
class three, twcntyclerksof class two, seventy-
: five clerks of class one ; thirty copyists, at nine
hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
building, two hundred dollars ; one messen-
ger, two assistant messengers, and six labor-
ers—one hundred and seventy-one thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars. For con-
tingent expenses, five thousand dollars.
Office of Paymaster General:
For chief clerk, four clerks of class four,
one clerk of class three, twenty-flute cferks
of class two, twenty-five clerks of class one,
and two messengers, seventy-four thousand six
hundred and eighty dollars. For contingent
expenses, five thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, eight clerks of class two, fifteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, and two
laborers, thirty-four thousand eight hundred
and eighty dollars. For contingent expenses,
viz: office rent, repairs, and miscellaneous
items, five thousand dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, two clerks of class two, eight clerks
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer,
seventeen thousand three hundred and sixty
dollars. For contingent expenses, including
rent ot the Surgeon General's office and Army
medical museum, eight thousand dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer:
For four clerks of class four, four clerks of
class three, four clerks of class two, four clerks
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer,
twenty-five thousand five hundred and sixty
dollars. For contingent expenses, viz: for
Stationery, office furniture, miscellaneous and
incidental expenses, including two daily Wash-
ington newspapers, three thousand dollars.
Office of Chief of Ordnance:
For chief clerk, three clerks of class four,
two clerks of class three, four clerks of class
two, six clerks of class one, and one messen-
ger, twenty-twothousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz: stationery, one
thousand dollars.
Oifice of Military Justice:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, one clerk of class one, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars. For contingent
expenses, live hundred dollars.
Signal Office:
_ For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Office of the Inspector General :
For one clerk of class three, sixteen hun-
dred dollars.
Office of the Inspector of the Military
Academy:
For one clerk of class four, eighteen bun-
dled dollars.
For compensation of superintendent, of the
building occupied by the War Department, (two
bundled and fifty dollars,) four watchmen and
two laborers, four thousand five hundred and
seventy dollars. For labor, fuel, lights, anil
miscellaneous items for the said building, ten
thousand dollars.
For superintendent of the building occu-
pied i>y the Paymaster General, (two hundred
and fifiy dollars,) and for five watchmen anu
two laborers, five thousand two hundred and
ninetv dollars.
For rent of building, and fuel and contin-
gencies, twelve thousand five hundred dollais.
For superintendent of building corner of
Seventeenth and F streets, (two hundred and
fifty dollars,) anu four watchmen and two
laboi ers, four thousand five huudred a.ud
seventy dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz : fuel, engineer
and fireman, matting and oil-cloth, gas, white-
washing. repairs, and other incidental expenses
Ol saul buiklmg. seven thousand five hundred
dol lars.
-VAv r D i;PA IIT JIEX J'.
^lor compensation of the Secretary of the
jNavy, eight thousand dollars.
F or compensation of the Solicitor and Wivnl
Judge Advocate General, three thoiisa.ud five
hundred dollars; chief cleric of tlio Navy l)0-
P'JrUnenl, at two thousand two hundred dol-
