1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And when the Gov-
ernor has been elected the State is entitled to
representation as a State?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir.
Mr FARNSWORTH. It is not?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir; one House can-
not determine that fact so as to bind the other
House, nor can one Congress bind another.
This House undertook to determine certain
facts when in the-Fortieth Congress it admitted
to seats upon this floor Representatives from
the State of Georgia. But the Senate did not
feel bound by our act, and refused to' admit
Senators from that State. Congress might, as
in the case of the admission of Nevada and
Nebraska, delegate to the President the power
to determine when & State had done a partic-
ular act to entitle it to assnme the position of
& State. As to those States the President was
authorized to announce by proclamation the
fact that the Legislature of each State had com-
plied with certain conditions. The facts thus
ascertained and announced ipso facto com-
pleted the admission of the States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not the point.
I did not say one House could do it, but 1 asked
whether Congress could not in advance declare
by law that Georgia should be entitled to rep-
resentation when it elected a Governor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Congress undoubtedly
can put anything in a law which it chooses.
It can say in an act that when a State has done
a certain thing it shall be entitled to represent-
ation ; but it cannot bind a subsequent Con-
gress to carry into effect the stipulations of
that act.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Another question.
Suppose that Congress should declare that
upon the election of a Governor a State shall
be entitled to representation. Congress then
adjourns, and during the vacation the State
elects a Governor. Is uot the State then a
State entitled to representation?
Mr. LAWRENCE. A provisional State
government would not become a State until
Congress had determined the existence of the
fact upon the existence of which it was to
become a State ; and I will show the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] as I pro-
gress with my remarks, I think, that no such
state of facts exists as to Georgia, and that
there is no snch law in regard to that State.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to aak
the gentleman if he means to say that after the
State of Georgia, for instance, has been read-
mitted into the Union is it necessary that a law
should pass this House or the other Honse that
she is entitled to representation ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, after a State has
been admitted by law, then no further action is
necessary except for each House to pass upon
the election returns and qualifications of its
members.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. It is a State by
right?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, air; but that does
not happen to be the condition of Georgia. I
now proceed with my argument.
The first step in Congress in thegreat work of
reconstruction decided that neither House of
Congress could recognize a reconstructed State;
that this could only be done by some joint or
concurrent act of both Houses.
On the 21st of February, 1866, ft resolution,
found in the fifty-seventh volume of the Globe,
page 966, passed by the sanction of the great
name of my eloquent colleague, [Mr. Bingham,]
so declared. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Be it resolved, &e., That in order to close agitation
on a question which seems likely to disturb the action
of the Government, as well as to quiet the uncer-
tainty which ia agitating the minds of the people of
the eleven States which have been declared to be in
insurrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until (hngreen shall have declared tuck
State entitled to such representation
Mr. LAWRENCE. « Until Congress shall
have declared such State entitled to represent-
ation." I ask the reporter to put these words
in italics: " Until Congress shall have declared
such State entitled to representation." That
is the groundwork of all our reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And Congress so
declared in 1868 in reference to Georgia.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. Congress has declared no such thing
in any law.
The next step, announcing the same prin-
ciple, and for which my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] again gave his vote, was the resolution
of J uly 23, 18C6, restoring Tennessee to her
relations to the Union, which I will ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Be it resolved by the Senate and House ^Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Tennessee is hereby restored
to her former proper practical relations to theUnion,
and is again entitled to be represented by Senators
and -Representatives in Congress."
Mr. LAWRENCE. That gives construction
to all the laws we have passed in relation to
these States. The laws declaring that the States
should be admitted to representation when they
had done certain things were merely declara-
tory of the purpose Congress then had in view,
but did not operate of themselves to bring any
State into the Union. It was in the light and
spirit of these two resolves that the act of
March 2, 1867, was passed, and in their pur-
pose it is to be construed.
Then, upon the authority of this actof March
2, 1867, Georgia was on the 4th day of July,
1868, a provisional State only. Her Governor
and other State officers were provisional only;
and upon every principle of constitutional law
Georgia must remain in that condition until by
someactof Congress, or concurrentresolution,
or declaration involving the mutual assent of
both Houses of Congress and operating in
prcesenti, she is admitted into the Union, or,
what is the same, restored to representation.
A few words will make this clear. Congress
so determined in the reconstruction acts and
resolves to which I have already alluded. The
old State government of Georgia was destroyed
by the rebellion, utterly annihilated. President
Johnson, as I have shown, setup a State gov-
ernment, with a Governor, Legislature, State
and other officers. Congress denied its valid-
ity and authorized the reconstruction of another
State government. Both of these have been—
one of them is now, and the other may be—
claimants to representation in Congress. Each
House is made by the Constitution the—
" Judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members."
But this is not a power to judge of the crea-
tion of a new State government in an unor-
ganized or an organized Territory, nor of the
reconstruction of a State government where a
preexisting one has been destroyed. It is not
a power to judge between conflicting State
governments, nor of those newly created, but
only of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of members sent from a State whose cor-
porate government has been established or
ratified by law. This must be so. If not, then
the House may admit Representatives elected
under the reconstructed Bullock government
of Georgia, and the Senate may admit Senators
elected under President Johnson's reorganized
State government; and then we will indeed
have—
"Confusion worse confounded."
Shall we establish a precedent which will
bring upon us inevitable destruction ? When
some State, like California, organizes a gov-
ernment by a voluntary convention of her peo-
ple, without law, may the Senate insist it is a
lawful State and the House repudiate it because
never admitted into the Union? No, no; the
power to admit new States must be exercised
by Congress. The power to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government, under which State
governments have been reconstructed, to take
the place of preexisting ones destroyed, must
be exercised by Congress, not by the discord-
ant action of each House. This House cannot
admit a new State or convert a provisional gov-
ernment existing under law into a State re-
; stored to its practical relations in the Union.
The Senate cannot do it; the two Houses act-
ing separately cannot do it. A provisional gov-
j eminent existing under the authority of law
! can only cease to exist by authority of law. A
territorial government existing by law can only
assume the character of a State government by
law. The two Houses cannot by ar.y separate
action other than law make it so.
We have had enough of this irregular action.
The Fortieth Congress has taught us a lesson.
The House by hasty, ill-advised, and illegal
action admitted Representatives from Georgia
on the 25th of July, 1808. The Senate refused
to receive Senators, and the report of the
Judiciary Committee of the 25th of January,
1869, demonstrates the wisdom of their course.
(Senate Rep. Com. No. 192, 3d Sess. 40th
Cong.)
Warned by these examples and these dan-
gers this Congress, before admitting Senators
or Representatives from Virginia and Missis-
sippi, passed an act for each, admitting it into
the Union. Let us now pursue the same pol-
icy as to Georgia, and make this by precept
and practice, as it is by the Constitution, unal-
terable law, or in the near future we may, in
the language of Webster, behold the sun iu the
heavens—
" Shining on the fragments of a once glorious
Union; on States discordant, dissevered, belliger-
ent; on a land rent with civil feuds, or drenched, it
may be, in fraternal blood."
But if we pursue the path our fathers trod,
marked out by the Constitution itself, hallowed
with the memories of its earlier years, we may
continue to greet the—
"Gorgeous ensign of the Republic, still full high
advanced, its arms and trophies streaming in their
original luster, not a stripe erased nor polluted, nor
a single star obscured."
Georgia was only a provisional State on the
4thof July, 1868. The act of March 2,1867, is
in force. She has never been admitted to rep-
resentation by Congress, as that act requires.
Every member of Congress is bound by that
act; neither House can properly disregard it;
and Georgia to this day remains a provisional
State, her officers provisional officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the bill passed by
Congress last December I find this provision:
"Sec. 7. That upon the application of the Governor
of Georgia the President of the United States shall
employ such military or naval foroes of the United
States as may be necessary to enforce and execute
the preceding provisions of this act."
Can the gentleman from Ohio point me to
any instance in which we have authorized the
President of the United States, on the call of
a provisional governor of a State, to give mil-
itary aid in this manner?
Air. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, by the
act of March 2, 1867, and the supplemental
reconstruction acts, we authorized the exer-
cise of the military power without even the
request of a Governor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And by the same power
we can authorize its exercise when demanded
by a provisional governor. All that matter is
within our control. These States, until admit-
ted to representation in Congress, are as clay
in the hands of the potter; we can mold
them as we please and do with them as we
pl6&86 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] were only "clay in the
hands of the potter!"
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not, thank God!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know we have
authorized the President to appoint military
commanders of these districts, and we have
pnt the military force under the control of
these commanders, not under the control of
the provisional governor; but what I want to
know is where, in any of these provisional
