3600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
present expecting a war, our business is to be
always prepared. This is one of the materials
which ought to be supplied in such quantity
that we shall not be dependent in any emer-
gency upon any foreign source of supply.
Mr. WASHJ3URN, of Wisconsin. I rise
to oppose the amendment. One of the best
methods to prepare for war is to pay our debts
and save the money which my friend from
Tennessee proposes to appropriate in this
unnecessary manner. We now have more
than three thousand tons of powder—over six
and a half million pounds. Over fifty thou-
sand barrels of powder are now under the con-
trol of the ordnance department; and if the
Navy should be in need of powder there will
be no difficulty in making a requisition and
effecting a transfer. I am opposed to tho
amendment; but I will not consume further
time in discussing it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to call atten-
tion to two items which have been passed. I
refer to those in lines two hundred and fifty-
nine and two hundred and sixty-five. I think
that with reference to these there has been
evidently an oversight on the part of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to going bock.
The Clerk read as follows:
For labor at navy-yards, $100,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the item
just read by striking out "one" and inserting
4' two; " so as to make the appropriation for this
purpose $200,000. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
every one will admit that the strength of a
chain is no greater than the strength of its
weakest part. Now, here is one particular
bureau, upon whose labor at the navy-yards
depends the manufacturing and taking care of
our ordnance, taking it out of vessels arriving
from abroad, and putting it aboard of vessels
which are ready to go to sea. There is no use
in repairing ships; no use in providing them
with motive-power; no use in putting men on
board of them; no use, in- short, in keeping up
navy-yards at all unless this important inter-
est is attended to. If this branch of the service
is weak, all the rest i3 equally weak, if it does
not stop altogether.
The Department estimated about four hun-
dred thousand dollars for this item. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with no reason as-
signed whatever, have cut down the amount to
$100,000. The reduction in this item is out of
proportion with alL other reductions. If the
reduction were in accordance with any system,
if it were in pursuance of the idea of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that
we want a little bijou of a Navy, and that
everything must be reduced in proportion,
there might be some justification for the prop-
osition of the committee. But the appropria-
tions in other respects do not correspond at all
with the great reduction in this item. If this
appropriation be limited to $100,000 ourships
cannot be sent to sea. Under the rule estab-
lished by law transfers cannot be made from
other branches of the service to supply the
deficiency in this item. This appropriation
would allow only $1,000 a month for each of
the navy-yards, which would be scarcely suffi-
cient to keep in repair the buildings and other
property belonging to the Government.
It would be impossible to put batteries and
stores on board of vessels prepared to be sent
out on service, or for refitting those returned
from service, with the appropriation here pro-
posed. It would be equivalent to closing up
all our workshops for the fiscal year ending
.Tune 30,1871. These statements I have from
the chief of the bureau. For the present fiscal
year this bureau had $270,000 appropriated for
it, against the $100,000 now proposed for it,
and this $270,000 was added to the balance of
unexpen ded appropriations; which gave to that
bureau for this purpose a sum of $400,000 for
this year, against this $100,000 proposed for
the next fiscal year. From $400,000 this year
tliis bureau is to be cut down to $100,000 for
the next year. Is there any logic or propriety
in this? I should like to have any gentleman
assign any good, sound reason for this pro-
posed reduction from $400,000 to $100,000.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that I
am in favor of more liberal appropriations for
the Navy than he is; but I appeal to the House
whether I am unreasonable in this when I say
it is too great a reduction to cut down the
appropriation for this bureau so enormously?
Is my amendment asking for too much when I
propose $200,000, which is only one half the
amount estimated by the Department?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, it is at this
point this House is to determine whether they
will go on with the labor in the navy-yards
as proposed by the Department. It is here
where the ships are to be repaired and built
and sent out, or to be brought within the esti-
mates and appropriations of Congress regard-
ing the expenditure of the Government. The
Department asks for $400,000, because they
desire to put the Navy upon a footing which
will cost us annually $30,000,000. If we
bring it down to the old standard, and allow
the Secretary of the Treasury $100,000 to be
expended in the navy-yards, it is, in the opin-
ion of the committee, sufficient.
I look forward to the day, not far distant,
when instead of seven navy-yards on the Atlan-
tic and one on the Pacific coast we shall have
them reduced on the Atlantic coast to three;
three efficient navy-yards here on the Atlantic
coast and a yard on the Pacific commensurate
with the importance of our Navy and commerce
on that coast. But the Navy Department pro-
poses to carry on all of these seven navy-yards
on the Atlantic coast running down to Pensa-
cola, where the grass is now growing in the
yard itself, aud where there is no necessity and
no intention of restoring that yard to efficiency.
There is no need of expending more than
$100,000 at two or three places on the Atlan-
tic coast. We have one navy-yard now in New
Hampshire, one in Massachusetts, one in New
York, one at Philadelphia, one here at Wash-
ington, andanother at Norfolk, and still another
at Pensacola. We are called upon for this
large sum for all of these navy-yards. I am
opposed to it. I am for curtailing and reduc-
ing the number of navy-yards, and performing
just as little labor in these yards as the press-
ing and immediate wants of the Navy require.
If we want a new ship of war we will do it
by contractin private yards. Itis the opinion
of all these men, and of Admiral Porter him-
self, that vessels of war can be built in private
yards much cheaper than in the public yards.
I am of opinion, and therefore opposed to the
amendment, that $100,000 will meet the pres-
ent exigency of the Navy, and that is all we
should appropriate. I would furnish them
with no appropriation to justify them in build-
ing new vessels, or for changing war vessels
into sailing vessels, or for re-rigging the Navy
itself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I only want to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MYERS. I move to strike out the last
word. I do not expect* to occupy even five
minutes. I wish the House to understand
what the effect will be if but $100,000 is appro-
priated by this bill for labor at the various
navy-yards. As the gentleman from California
has already stated, $400,000 is the estimate
for this purpose by the Navy Department.
If we appropriate but $100,000, as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts desires, the work-
shops in the several navy-yards must be closed
in a very few months, and the gentleman knows
it. There are still existing seven navy-yards,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts proposes
to do away with them, not by a change in the
existing law, but by doing away with the neces-
sary appropriations in the way now proposed.
I hope, therefore, that tho amendment of iny
friend from California [Mr. Sargent] will be
adopted, and that the House will not give the
navy-yards the side blow which the gentleman
from Massachusetts has frankly stated lie de-
sires to give them. I hope tlie House will not
support any such attempt, even proceeding
from the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, having the confidence of the House,
to stab in this way the Departments for which
they ought to report appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. Irisetooppose theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
desire to say that if the same scale of reduc-
tion were applied to the whole bill as is applied
to this item the bill would appropriate but
$4,000,000 instead of $16,000,000. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] really
intends to destroy the Navy, to do away with
it entirely, to send no more ships to sea, and to
leave our foreign commerce unprotected and
uncared for—if that is the intention of the gen-
tleman, and if such is the desire of the House,
then it can be accomplished by following his
advice in this particular. But I say with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
that it is inappropriate for the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to assail the
Navy in this manner, and indirectly endeavor
to sweep it out of existence. That is not a
position which the leader of this House ought
to assume. It is inconsistent with the rela-
tions which he bears to the Administration, to
his party, and to this House. If he desires
that we shall have no Navy hereafter let him
endeavor to accomplish his object by direct
means, by introducing a bill abolishing the
American Navy.
If that is done^ its past glories will be its
vindication, even if its future is to be a blank.
This reduction of the appropriation from the
$400,000 asked for in the estimates to $100,000
will have the effect of destroying the Navy.
And as I have said, if the same rule were car-
ried out through all the different bureaus you
would have to appropriate under this bill but
$4,000,000, instead of $10,000,000. It is the
utter absurdity of the appropriation to which
I direct attention. It might as well be $50,000
or $10,000 or not one cent. It is of no account
whatever as it stands.
The gentleman from Massachusetts confuses
the appropriation for ordnance and those for
construction and repairs. This is for the ord-
nance department, the department which han-
dles the ordnance, takes it from ships when
they arrive and puts it on board when they
depart for sea. It has charge of all this vast
amount of property, has the duty of manufac-
turing it, of keeping it in order and seeing it
! properly disposed of. Cripple it in that am:
j and our Navy is useless. _ ion cannot send
■ unarmed ships to sea, and if you cannot arm
i them they must be laid up at home.
i .1 can understand why attacks are made on
! the Government by gentlemen on the other
! side of the House; but I cannot see the pro-
I priety of that attorney-like ingenuity which
day after day and month after month attacks
its own party, and denounces its own Adminis-
tration. I think no man of any fairness will
sanction this kind of assault upon a party by
those who pretend to be its leaders. We cannot
go as a party with any strength before the
people with such exaggerated abuse from the
leaders of our party, frequently founded upon
falsities, often utterly baseless when the facts
are examined. When these violent statements
go to the members of our party through the
country, who have been accustomed to place
confidence in us, that one Department after
another is rotten and unworthy of confidence ;
when every little incident occurring at a De-
partment is seized upon and placed in its worst
light; what can the people think of us and of
the Administration which we and they have
placed in power? No party can live, no party
deserves to live, that tolerates such conduct;
and for one I utterly repudiate such leadership.
