1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
548$
ator who has moved to put this amendment on
the bill, that he is certainly loading down an
appropriation bill by measures which have
sufficient dignity to stand by themselves, and
which are not properly appropriate to the bill
now before (he Senate.
I will vote for the full performance of our
measure of faith with these Indians, and the
more so because they are less strong than our-
selves. But I do trust that the present bill
may not be jeoparded by a measure which has
of itself sufficient strength and sufficient right
to stand alone upon a vote of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives. I say this
much, because I desire not to embarrass the
progress of the expected legislation of both
bodies, because I am really and sincerely fav-
orable to the measure proposed by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas; but at the same time I
do not think it is appropriate to the appro-
priation bill, and for that reason I shall vote
against the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. HOWELL. I am not satisfied with
the justice or propriety of this claim in any
respect,- or whether I should be able to vote
for it in a separate bill or not. I am perfectly
satisfied that it has not been discussed in this
Senate Chamber as it would have been if we
had time to discuss it.
The Senator from Ohio said that he had ex-
amined this claim years ago; that he was sat-
isfied there was no just foundation for it, and
l hat he could so show to the Senate if he had the
time and opportunity, but that he could not do
it now on the heel of the session, when he was
overwhelmed with other business. Therefore,
I think it is an improper time to come here at
the very close of the session with a measure
of this character. I think, for my own part,
that the whole thing was rendered void and
forfeited by the rebellion of the Indians, and
their taking part with the rebels in the late
war, and that no action of this Senate since is
sufficient to do away with that forfeiture unless
we can consider them as not in the rebellion or
i-ympathizing with it or taking part in it as a
tribe; and for that reason I cannot agree to
this thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me read t,o the Sen-
uior from Iowa a single provision of the treaty
of 18C6, and see if there is any escape from it.
This, in my judgment, is where the trouble is
(bat complicates the matter and puts it out of
our power:
"aetict.eio. The United States reaffirm all obliga-
tions arising out of treaty stipulations or acts of legis-
lation with regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations entered into prior to the late rebellion and
in foiee at the time not inconsistent herewith."
How can you escape that? That is since
the war.
Mr. HOWELL. As I said, it may be that
it may be regarded as perfectly competent on
the part of the Senate to condone the rebel-
lion of the Indians as an independent nation ;
but could the Senate of itself, aside from the
action of the other House of Congress, and
by a law of the land, condone the rebellion of
those who were under the laws of the land at
all? I think not: and I think that these In-
dians stand in such relations to this Govern-
ment, and have stood since at least the com-
mencement of this rebellion, where the Senate
of the United States has no right of itself, as
a separate body, to condone or arrange with
them in regard to matters that stood between
the Government and the Indians before the
war. At all events, there is so much doubt
and difficulty in my own mind in regard touting
claim and the various questions that enter into
it—for it seems to have been a put-up matter
rather from the beginning—that I cannot con-
sent to vote for it now without further light on
the subject; and I would not if I could help
it, want to vote for it at all as an amendment
to this appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I feel very
much as does the Senator who_last addressed
the Senate. It may be that, this is a just and
iegal claim in favor of these Indians. I am
41st Cose. 2d Sess.—No. 344.
not prepared to deny it. The remarks made
by the Senator from Illinois in affirmance of
this claim are to me very embarrassing, so far
as the merits of the claim itself may be con-
cerned, and I should prefer to have the matter
discussed more fully and more liberally when
we have more time to consider it. It strikes
me that the proper form of making this claim
would be by a separate bill at a time when we
have some leisure to consider it.
The treaty from which the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois has read is certainly a very
embarrassing piece of evidence to me. It
seems to be a reaffirmation of all the obliga-
tions which the United States entered into
with these Indian tribes before the war. I
think it was a most improvident treaty, for,
considering the conduct of these Indian tribes
during the war, the fact that they took up arms
against the United States and did all in their
power to embarrass the Government, thus for-
feiting really by the laws of war all claim upon
the United States, I feel very reluctant to
broach the subject. I do not say that the
claim is not a just and fair and legal one; but
I should prefer to take some opportunity when
we have more leisure to discuss it; and I shall
therefore be compelled to vote against it as an
amendment to this bill for the present.
message prom tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clikton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2082) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolution,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules be suspended during the remaining days of the
present session of Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolu-
tion ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
Resolved by the Souse of Reyresentatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That ton thousand additional copies of
the report of the Smithsonian Institution tor the
year 1869 be printed, three thousand of which shall
bo for the uso of tho Senate, four thousand for the
use of the House, and three thousand for the use of
the institution: Provided, That the aggregate num-
ber of pages of said report shall not exceed four hun-
dred and fifty, and that there shall be no illustra-
tions except thoso furnished by the Smithsonian
Institution.
The message further announced that the
House had passed tho following concurrent
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (_thQ Senate
concurring,) That- tho publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe he, and are hereby, directed to insert
an index for all tho volumes of said Globe at one
session of Congress in the last volume only of tho
session, with the tables, diagrams, and list of mem-
bers of each House of Congress on the plan adopted
in the volumes of said Globa for the last sossion of
the Fortieth Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolution,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Resolvedby the House of Representatives, (.theSenate
concurring,) Thatthero be printed of the act entitled
"An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other purposes," approved May 31, 1870,
twenty thousand additional copies, fifteen thousand
of which shall be for the use of the House, and five
thousand for the use of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following concurrent
resolution, m which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That there bo printed three thousand
seven hundred extra copies of the report of tho
speeial Committee on the Postal Telegraph, with
accompanying documents; of which twenty-fiva
hundred copies shall be for the uso of the House,
and twelve hundred for the use of the Senate.
These various concurrent resolutions were
referred to the Committee on Printing.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and join| resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 319) to extend She time for
presenting claims for additional bounties;
A bill (H. R. No. 2201) to amend the natu-
ralization laws, and to punish crimes against
the same;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 205) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide in-
ternal revenue in support of the Government,
and for other purposes, approved June 80,
1864;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay
expenses of delegations of Indians visiting the
city of Washington ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 1-54) for the
relief of Jane Dean Bishop.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
suspension op joint .bulbs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As no bills, by
the joint rules of the two Houses, can be sent
from the Senate to the House of Representa-
tives, or vice versa, after to-day, the House
have sent to the Senate a resolution suspend-
ing the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules.
If there be no objection the resolution of the
House will be reported now.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules be suspended during the remaining days
of the present session of Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I inquire of the Chair,
what are the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They arc as fol-
lows :
"16. No bill that shall have passed oneHouse shall
be sent for concurrence to the other on either of the
last three daysof the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the President of the United Scate3
for his approbation on the last day of the sossion."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oti agreeing to the resolution of the House of
Representatives.
ilution
conference reports.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask now, although I rose
to speak for a moment on the pending question,
to avoid all possibility of the extension of this
session, that the Senate may take up and adopt
the resolution I offered some days ago making
the report of a conference committee in order
at any time for the remainder of this session.
There are so many conferences on important
subjects that I think it right it should be con-
sidered.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont submitted a resolution on the 5th of
July, that during the rest of this session reports
of committees of conference shall be considered
privileged matters. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none; and it is so ordered.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 4th instant, informa-
tion in relation to the removal of James F.
Casey as collector of customs at New Orleans;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
presentation of a flag.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted the fol-
lowing letter, which was read :
■ft'ASHis&TOX, D. C., July 12,1870.
Sir: I have the honor herewith to present to the
Senate of tho United States the first silk flag made
of California silk, manufactured bymyso'f and fam-
ily, This flag is the only one of its kind and cliarae-
