1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
mm
ative from the fifth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania.
Itcjolved, That John II. Reading, the sitting mem-
ber, is entitled to a seat in this House as Represent-
ative from the fifth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. READING. Mr. Speaker, prompted by
no motives of a personal character, and with
no design to occupy the time of the House by
any argument upon the law and facts arising
in the case now under consideration, and with
all deference to the decision of the honorable
and learned gentlemen who have reported ad-
versely to my right_ to_ a seat in this House,
yet, sir, honestly believing that Caleb N. Taylor
has no more right to a seat here as the Repre-
sentative of the fifth congressional district of
Pennsylvania than you or I, sir, have to the
possession of his broad acres and stately man-
sion, so beautiful for situation, in the old Dem-
ocratic county of Bucks, and recognizing ours
to be a Government of the people and for the
people, I deem it my duty to rise in my place
and in the name of the people, of constitutional
law and civil liberty, to enter my solemn protest
against the adoption of the report submitted
by the honorable gentlemen representing the
majority. That report, in my humble opinion,
(and I here disclaim all design of reflecting
upon any member of the committee,) proposes
to abandon the settled principles of law, justice,
and arithmetic, to take away from the people
the right to "choose" their own Representa-
tives, and by the novel mode of "proven," and
throwing aside the sworn action of the proper
officers of the election districts, to appoint or
admit to a seat in this House one in political
unity with the majority, but not the choice by
baliot of the legal voters of the district, as has
been clearly shown by my honorable friend,
representing the minority of the committee, in
the following
Jiccapitulutlon.
Colonizer voto wrongly charged to sitting mem-
ber     -r>
Pauper vote wrongly charged to sitting member.. 3
sjol'lier vote wronglydcductedlrom sittingmcia-
ber  7
Legal votes in the fourth division, twenty-fifth
ward, wrongly deduetcd from sitting member... 28
Yoto in Bensalem wrongly given to contestant...
Add the corrected general return by the tally-
lists  20
Illegal individual votes which should have been
charged to contestant  1.3
Total  100
Deduct the alleged legal majority as reported by
a majority ot the committee (accepting their
figures and conclusions without any examina-
tion) as correct  72
The sitting member is clected by a clear leg.il
majority of.      -3
But that I am to pass upon the "roil of
lion or" made memorable by the names of
Brooks, Vooiiiiees, and Mokgan, Moffett,
Foster, and Greene is to me no chagrin. It
was boldly declared in various parts of my dis-
trict, previous to the election for member of
Congress, "that no matter if Reading was
elected he would never take his seat, or if he
did he would not retain it;" and I have not
supposed that I would be an exception to the
uniform rule governing this House in dispos-
ing of contested seats. Indeed, my Repub-
lican friends here tell me I have been much
favored in being allowed to retain my seat for
more than half the term of the present Con-
gress. If so, I am profoundly grateful for the
l'avor, preferring to think, however, that I am
a member of this House by virtue of the right
vested in me by the "sovereign.people."
My brief association with this honorable body
has been most pleasant, and for the uniform
kindness and courtesy manifested to me, with-
out distinction of party, (the remembrance of
which shall go with me until I lie down to that
sleep that knows no waking,) I beg, sir, to offer
my sincere acknowledgments.
And now, sir, while, the Democratic party
witness with regret the apparent determination
oft.be majority to treat elections as if they had
not been 'held, they feel assured that a party
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—'No. 167.
which by virtue of its strength perpetrates a
wrong overleaps itself, and such action will
produce inevitable disintegration.
Such a fate seems to await the party repre-
sented by the majority on this floor. Those
who sow the wind will surely reap the whirl-
wind. No party, however strong, .can afford
to waste its strength by defying the popular
will. The popular will was clearly and legally
expressed in October, 18G8, when it declared
that Caleb N. Taylor should no longer repre-
sent the fifth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, The choice fell upon myself. If
by your action to-day you unseat me and giye
my place to the contestant, you override the
people's expressed wish, and force upon that
betrayed people as their Representative the very
man they repudiated at the polls. Is this right?
Is it just ? You should be just before you are
generous; just to the people who sent, me here,
and not generous to the gentleman whom they
refused to send. Such a course would strengthen
the majority on this floor, add to their charac-
ter in the district, and show to the country that
they can rise above the trammels of party,
and, placing themselves upon the rock of im-
partial justice, do what they know to be right.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, while I reaffirm
my right to a seat in this House as the legally
elected Representative, I cheerfully submit to
the decision of the majority, predicting that
an appeal to tho people in vindication of their
own rights will return me to tho Forty-Second
Congress by a majority beyond the possibility
of a contest.
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield the remainder
of my time to my colleague, [Mr. Stiles.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, the action of
the House upon this case is without precedent
in the history of congressional proceedings.
But forty minutes are allowed for discussion in
support of the minority report. Never before,
within my experience, has the House refused
full discussion upon a great question involving
the right of a member to retain a seat upon
this floor. It is well known that a number of
gentlemen desired to be heard in defense of
Dr. Reading. Our appeal for time has been
denied. I desire the country to know that
freedom of debate has been denied in the
American Congress, and that that great right,
with others equally valuable to every American
citizen is prostrate in the dust.
We now have under consideration the third
and hist contested-election case in this Con-
gress from Pennsylvania, a State I have the
honor hi part to represent. Jn all of these
contests a Radical has been tho contestant,
and a Democrat prima fade, entitled to a seat.
In one case, however, through fraud and
treachery, the name of one of our Representa-
tives, General Foster, failed to be included in
the list of members, aud his district remained
without representation until a majority here,
in violation of the evidence and in utter disre-
gard of well-established usago and law, thrust
the present member of the twenty-first district
into the vacant place. I do not propose so
much to discuss tho merits of this case as I
do to speak of the mode by which people are
disfranchised and members of Congress are
made aud unmade by a partisan committee
and a partisan Congress. I am not so vain as
to believe for a moment that any argument can
change a single vote upon this or any other
case involving a question of adding a Radical
member and unseating a Conservative member.
Such appeals would find no favor, com-
ing from this side of the House, and I leave
the able, exhaustive, and well-considered argu-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Randall,] with-
out venturing to go over tie entire case. Such
a task would consume much time, more than
has been allotted to me. The testimony covers
over four hundred pages, and it is easily seeu
by a casual glance at it that the mass of irrel-
evant and unimportant matter thrust into the
record by the contestant is. intended to cover
up the plain question involved as to who re-
ceived a majority of the legal votes. The sit-
ting member was returned as elected by an
actual majority of 101 votes, and by reason of
a fraud committed by a Radicalelepfcion officer
tliat majority was reduced to 41 votes. The
contestant lias labored most assiduously to
overcome that jnajority, and after the labor of
a year and a half the committee report that
the contestant is elected by a majority of 72
votes.
It is remarkable that it is not mgre. If Dr.
Reading had been returned by J,0Q0 majority
it could have been overcome as easily as any
other number. No Democrat is to be allowed
a seat here where it is possible to displace him.
Thus far not a single report of the committee
has been favorable to a political foe. The spirit
of proscription and partisan hate has never
been so startling as now, and it is only wonder-
ful that any of us on this side of tho House
are permitted to quietly sit here as Represent-
atives of the people. One victim after another
falls before the scorching blasts of party wrath ;
one less to-day, and one less to-morrow, and
on through the remainder of the session, that
when adjournment conies you will have nearly
a solid vole in the House of Representatives
of the United States. You can afford to be
both liberal and just. It was boastingly said
upon the floor the other day that you now had
more than three fourths of the members of the
House. Previous to the meeting of the pres-
ent Congress a New York paper contained the
following dispatch from this city:
" Congressional Roll-call.—Mr. McPiikjiso::, Clerk
of tho House, has maelc aroll-call for Ihe4th of March.
After excluding Representatives from Georgia and
Louisiana, and several names whoro seats are eon-
tested, tho number foots up one hundred and thirty-
seven Republicans and sixty-two Democrats, thus
givinn the Republicans more than two thirds."
It had been declared that the Radical party
must have a clear two-thirds vote. It was not
then known what the policy of tho President
might be. General Grant had kept his own
counsel, so that neither friend nor foe knew
what was to be expected from him. As a
safeguard it was necessary to organize the
House ready to meet the exigencies that might
arise, should the Administration fall intoaliiie
of policy different from what was expected by
tho Radical party. Grant had not spoken.
He seldom speaks. In truth it was not cer-
tain whether the new President might not be
.lohnsonizerl, and in that event Congress should
bo ready to defeat or pass any measure re-
quiring tho necessary vote to control legisla-
tion. To that end the delegations from Geor-
gia and Louisiana were denied admission. You
remember, Mr. Speaker, the scene that took
place here when the Clerk called the roll of
members by States. Wo were not permitted
to suggest the propriety of asking why certain
States were not, called ; and from that day
until now two States of this Union are un-
represented here, except a single Radical mem-
ber, because it would have given to the minor-
ity more than one third of the members. Not
satisfied, however, with the action of the Clerk
in securing beyond doubt the required two
thirds, the right of eighteen Democrats to seats
was to be determined by means of contests be-
fore a partisan committee of this House.
In a few instances Democrats who had been
elected sought to present applications for seats
where they had been deprived of certificates,
and I give the names of tho several contestants,
with tho politics of each. By reference to the
following list of contested cases in the Forty-
First Congress it will be seen that there were
twenty-four in all; eighteen Republican con-
testants, and six Democratic contestants, three
fourths of the whole number being Republican
contestants, as follows:
Rep.—Myers vs. Moffet, Pennsylvania.—Dem.
Rep.—Van VVyck vs. Green, Now York.—Dem,
Rep.—Covode vs. Foster, Pennsylvania.—Dem.
Rep.—(rrayton vs. Conner, Texas.—Dem.
Rep.—Minds vs. Sherrod, sixth district, Alabama.—
Dem. ,
Deou*-*Switzler vs. Dyer, ninth district, Missouri.—
Eep.
