1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4545
we do not care much about patents to timber
land after the timber is ail cut down ; and
this proceeding might go on for an indefinite
period ; they might go on with their works and
use all the timber, or they might transfer the
timber and the right to purchase it to any
party they saw fit, and might not apply for a
patent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly.]
Mr. COLE. I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casserly] whether
it is desirable to adopt the amendment? This
company may wish to transfer any inchoate
rights they may acquire under this bill to other
parties, who will go on m good faith to fulfill
the conditions. I think the amendment would
prevent any such transfer to other parties.
Mr. CASSERLY. The theory of the bill, I
will state to the Senator from Iowa, is directly
contrary to his suggestion. The theory of the
bill is that this company is to go on with this
work; that no other person, corporate or nat-
ural, is to have any oppoitunity or right to
acquire any title to any rights or privileges or
the patent provided for by this bill. That is the
theory on which it goes. I was merely endeav-
oring to make that theory effective.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I now propose to strike
out all of the fourth section after the word
"purpose," in the third line, and to insert
instead of the words proposed to be stricken
out this proviso :
Provided, That before any such patent shall issue
lbe eaid company shall show to the Secretary of the
Interior, by proof satisfactory to him, that it has
expended not less than $15,000 in constructing its
said works and furnaces, and m the bona fide devel-
opment of said iron mine?.
The object of the amendment T have stated.
The section as it stands, I think, is no guar-
antee whatever of their doing any work to any
extent during the live years mentioned ; and
this sum, as I have said, I have inserted after
a conversation with one of the best-instructed
Senators in this body on the subject of iron
works.
■Mr, COLE. I think the bill as it was reported
by the committee, and as it stands now, is a
great deal better security for the Government
and the public than the proviso proposed by
my colleague. He proposes, in addition to the
restriction upon obtaining title to the land,
that there shall be expended the sum of
§15,000 m addition to the large expenditure
the company will have to make for the laud
and for the survey, which would amount to at
least $10,000 more. The land, it will be
remembered, is to be paid for at the rate of
$2 50 per acre, which of itself would amount
to $0,600. The company then have to deposit
money for the survey, winch would amount to
several hundred dollars more. Ihat of itself
is a large expenditure that the company pro-
pose to make. Rut it will be observed in this
section that " no sale or transfer by said com-
pany of their right to a patent, as herein pro-
vided, shall be effectual for any purpose; and
this grant, and any patent issued by virtue
hereof, shall become void, and the title to said
lands revert to the United States, unless said
company shall, within twelve months after J.he
issuance of such patent, commence bona, jide
work and development of their said iron mines,
and faithfully prosecute said work for the
period of five years thereafter." Unless they
go on with their work in good faith, and expend
a large amount of money, such as is required
to establish works of the kind, and continue
their expenditures in good faith for the period
of five years, their grant will revert to the
United States. That is certainly as strong a
guaid as can be required, and m tny opinion a
' better one than is suggested by my colleague.
Mr. UAKLAN. i will inquire of my hon-
- orable triend fiom California if he will be
willing to amend that section by adding these
41st Cons. 2b Sess.—No. 285.
words, "which conditions shall be incorjpor-
ated' in said patents when issued."
Mr. COLE. Certainly, 1 am quite willing
that should be done.
Mr. Harlan. 1 move that •amendment.
I think it, is in.order at this stage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the matter proposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. HtARLAN. If that Should be adopted,
I think it would be effectual without the
amendment suggested' by the other Senator
■from California, [Mr. Casserly.}
Mr. COLE. 1 think the bill itself is sufficient
on its face, but I have not the slightest objec-
tion to that provision being' incorporated.
Mr. HARLAN. [ think the Commissioner
of the General Land Office would write the
conditions in the patent whether the law re-
quired it or not; but still, to make it sure, I
would prefer to have it put in the text of the
bill. I move to amend the section proposed
to be stricken out by adding the word's " which
conditions shall be incorporated in said patents
when issued."
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Iowa to some consid-
erations bearing upon the pending question.
My colleague just now, iij reading the part of
the bill which I propose to strike out, and com-
menting on it, spoke of expending a large sum
of money during this period of live years. I
call the attention of the Senator from Iowa to
the fact that there is not a word of that in that
portion of the fourth section which 1 propose
to strike out. They are not required to spend
anything more than a nominal sum, such a
sum as would- be spent in what is called "a
faithful prosecution '' of the work for five years.
We have in California a system, which is per-
fectly well understood, in working placer mines
or quartz mines, that the mine must not remain
unworked longer than a certain period; and
we know very well what kind of work is done
upon those mines to avoid the exigency of that
obligation. It is mere work pro forma, mere
work, which really amounts to nothing in the
general result, which costs extremely little.
What is to prevent this company, during this
whole period of five years, from carrying on
precisely that sort of work on these mines? Is
there anything in the language employed that
furnishes any security for the continued reality
of this enterprise?
I do not question the good faith of the pres-
ent piojectors; I stated a while ago what I
knew and thought of the well-known citizen
who is at the head of it; but I respectfully sub-
mit for the consideration of the Senator from
Iowa and of the Senate that it is not on such
guarantees that legislation hns to rely. A law
must provide for its own performance, so far
as that is necessary for any public purpose, or
indeed for any private purpose. 11 seems to me
that to allow these patents to be issued, even
although -the language proposed by the Senator
from Iowa he inserted in the section, is entirely
to defeat the legitimate object of this bill and
of all bills like it. _ That is to develop a great
local industry, as it is claimed. Would the
Senator from Iowa, as a private owner of this
land, desiring to have it developed by this com-
pany, or by any other company, take such a
covenant as is contained in the last words that
I propose to strike out? If he would, I should
doubt whether he is so thrifty and sound a man
of business as I believe him to be. I think
that some sum of money, I am not particular
about the amount., should be inserted.
My colleague complains of the large amount
which this company will have to pay. He says
they will have to pay $8,000 for this property
for the timber land 
Mr. COLE. Nine thousand six hundred
dollars, 1 bog to correct the Senator, to be paid
wiibin ninety days.
Mr CASSERLY. My colleague did not
wait to hear me out. To answer or correct
another, the best way is to wait and tear what
he says. I was about to say that my colleague
complained' that I should require- this money
guarantied from the company,, whereas they
were obliged to pay $8,000 for this timber land,
and the further sum of $1,000 for mines, and
he said a large sum for the survey, several hun-
dred dollars. A "large sum for the survey,
several hundred dollars," would probably be
something under a thousand dollars. Tea
thousand six hundred dollars my colleague con-
siders a large amount of money for a company
proposing to develop an iron interest m Cali-
fornia and to build the great works necessary
for that purpose. He considers it a large sum
for it to have to pay to the Government, so
large that it is oppressive in addition to that
to ask of them to lurnish some money security
to the Government as a guarantee for the per-
manence and effectiveness of the enterprise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] to the text of the section pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask, as a matter of
information to the Senate, that the Senate bo
put in possession of the whole question : first,
that the clause shall bo read as it stands in the
bill, and then that my proviso shall be read,
and then the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. That was the precise order of the prop-
osition ; and if all that be reported, Senators
will understand what is to be voted upon.
Mr. IIARLAN. A part of the honorable
Senator's proposition is to strike.out the text
of the bill. I suppose, under parliamentary
law, we have a right to make that text as per-
fect as possible before the question is taken on
striking out. That was my purpose, to make
it as nearly perfect as we could.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that ground, of course,
I have no objection to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the fourth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I would have no ob-
jection to inserting in line nine a phrase sim-
ilar to that suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Casserly,] "by
investing therein the sum of at least §10,000,"
to come in before the amendment just adopted
on my motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Iowa that if they have five
years to spend it in, the sum ought to be larger
than $10,000 ; it ought to be at least fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. HARLAN. Iam not particular as to
the amount, but I should prefer to give them
some little time in which to make the invest-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa proposes to amend the fourth
section by inserting after the word "there-
after," in the ninth line, the words" by invest-
ing therein the sum of at least §10,000."
Mr. CASSERLY. How will the section
stand if thus amended?
The Chief Clerk. If thus amended the
section will read, beginning in line four :
And this giant, or any patent issued by virtue
hereof, shall become void, ana the title to said tanas
revert to the United States, unless said company
shall, within twelve months a ft or the issuance of such
patent, commence tile bona fide work and develop-
ment of their said iron mine-, and faithfully prose-
cute snid work for a period of live years there-
after, by investing therein tbe sum ol at least &lu,uuu;
which condition shall be incorporated into said
patents when issued.
Mr. COLE. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose it is always a
matter of course to amend a bill before tbe
question is taken on strikingout any clause
and inserting matter in heu of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. lije
j question is now on the amendment ot the ben-
, utor irom Iowa.
I The amendment was agreed to.
Mr CASSEBLY. i should prefer to have
i the sum a little larger. If the Senator from
