1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3601
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by 
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments now pending.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. It ia because the
amendment asks $200,000 merely for the labor
in the ordnance department that I oppose it;
for thelabor in one single bureau, which makes
no ordnance at all at this time, but is simply
confined to the manipulations of the ordnance
in the department. Gentlemen desire that the
appropriations shall be made on a grand scale
in this department; that there shall be $75,000
for a new niter magazine, and $55,000 to pile
up niter, against a new rebellion that is about
to come on, ia the imagination of my friend
from Tennessee; and besides that there shall
be $400,000 employed simply in the manipula-
tion, the moving, scouring, and taking care of
the surplus ordnance in the Ordnance Bureau
of this Department, with thirty fifteen-inch guns
at $110,000, all on the same grand scale.
I am opposed to the whole of it. I desire
efficiency in the Navy quite as much as does
my colleague upon the committee, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] but I do not understand that it is to
be brought about by any such lavish expendi-
tures of public money. The trouble is that the
efficiency and power of the Navy seem to be
measured solely by the amount of money they
can expend. I do not understand the history
of the Navy, or its glory, or its achievements,
or its power in the past in any such way as that.
It was when the Navy had the least money that
it achieved its greatest glory. An appropria-
tion of $100,000 to this bureau for no purpose
but to take care of the ordnance we have on
hand is enough.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man is wrong in his statement that they have
nothing to do but to take care of ordnance.
Whenever a vessel is got ready for sea, ordnance
has to be put on board of it and fixed there.
Every time a vessel returns from seaher ordnance
is taken off her and new ordnance put upon her.
It is not, therefore, merely for the purpose of
taking care of the ordnance on hand. There is
no occasion for all this excitement about this
very small item ; no occasion for it whatever.
I think, with the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] that this is an undue reduction.
It is not in the same proportion in which the
committee have reduced the other estimates.
We have reduced the others about one third.
In this case the estimates have been cut down
three fourths. Instead of $400,000, as esti-
mated for, we have allowed but $100,000. I
think this is too great a reduction. But I do
not see any occasion for this great excitement
or for these grand tirades on the one side or
the other. It is simply a question whether
we will cut down this estimate or not. Now,
neither the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] nor the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has furnished this committee
with any reason why the Committee on Appro-
priations have cut down this particular appro-
priation out of proportion to their reduction
of other appropriations. I think if we cut it
down one half the reduction will be sufficient.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. FERRISS. I object. Let us have a
little voting; we have had a great deal of
talking.
The question was taken on Mr. Daves's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sargent's
amendment.
Mr. CONNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the amount $250,000. Mr.
Chairman, it does occur to me that the dispo-
sition on the part of the House to curtail the
expenses of the Navy so as to reduce our actual
strength is a policy unwise and unstatesman-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 226.
like. I am as anxious as any gentleman upon
this floor can be to reduce the expenses of this
Government. But when I see from day to
day, from week to week, and from year to
year the insults offered to our commerce, the
insults offered to our citizens in foreign lands,
itdoes occur to me that these indignities should
be resented by this Government; and in order
to resent them it is first necessary to place
ourselves in an attitude that we may be able
to do it. You. had here but a few days since
a report from the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs relating to some indigni-
ties offered to American citizens by some lit-
tle insignificant Power in South America, and
there was some suspicion cast upon the con-
duct of our naval officer there. It may have
been that he was not in a position to extend
to those citizens the protection which they
were entitled to receive. Then, too, we have
had a struggling neighboring people in the
island of Cuba that the American people were
disposed to assist; they were disposed to carry
out the principles that were implanted in the
Constitution by the fathers, but this Govern-
ment was nnable to do it, the Administration
was nnable to respond to the demands of the
American people because the Navy was insuf-
ficient.
That was the position taken by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] in his very able
speech a few days ago. The American people
are not prepared properly to meet and resent
these indignities. I do think that this disposi-
tion to cut down the appropriations for the
Navy, to reduce our Navy, is unwise, unstates-
manlike, and anything but independent for tbe
Congress of the first Republic and the first
Government on earth. This proposition comes
in exceedingly bad taste from the gentlemen
who are so extremely energetic in advocat-
ing this reduction of the appropriations for the
Navy. If they would reduce the expenses of
the civil service, if they would stop the leaks
in the Treasury Department, and would see to
it that the revenues are collected as the law
requires, they would not deem it necessary to
oppose so strenuously the little trifling ex-
penses connected with our navy-yards. I do
not want the grass to grow up in our navy-
yards. I believe that when we travel i« for-
eign countries it is at least seme pride Mai
some satisfaction to ns, as American citizens,
to look upon the flag of out cojuatry borae by
vessels of our Nary.
Mr. O'NEILL. I nee to oppose the awend-
meat pro forma, for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Committee of the Whole to
what has so frequently been said while this and
other bills have been under consideration as
to the results of the Mayy during the late war.
I have been utterly amazed at the forgetfulness
of the Committee of the Whole, wad especially
the forgetfulness of mj friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes.] The members of the committee, who
seem to have been making a raid upon the
whole organization of the Navy of the United
States, forget the history of that Navy for the
last few years. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] who gets so excited on
this subject says that these large expenditures
of the Navy Department have not added any
luster to our bag, and that the distinction
gained by our Navy in past years was gained
by a low expenditure of money.
Do we not know that during the past Admin-
istrations, while we were battling the rebels of
the South, it took millions and millions of
dollars in order to enable us to prepare for sea
some six hundred vessels of war, and that the
commanders of those vessels did add to the
glory of the service? Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] forget the
distinguished services of Farragut and Porter,
and a host of our other naval officers ? Those
services would never have been successfully
performed had it not been for the liberality of
Congress in voting money to build up the
Navy from almost nothing, as it was found to
be in 1861.
I admire the exploits of the officers of t.he
Navy in the war of 1812. I admire the single
fights of ship against ship. But the glories
of those days are dimmed indeed when we
look at such heroes as Farragut and Porter,
who with vast fleets gained victories for the
country, and helped to save it from dismem-
berment.
But there is one other thing which I would
call to the mind of tbe gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, who to-night advocates, not for the
first time, his theory of the abolishment of
many of our navy-yards. Will he tell the Com-
mittee of the Whole to-night, and through this
committee the country, that he is ready now
to begin the construction of one or two great
naval stations upon the Atlantic coast? Is he
ready now to urge appropriations for such
navy-yards as the one proposed at League
Island, and which is really demanded for the
public good ?
I stand here willing, as far as my vote will
, go, to aid in the passage of such legislation as
! may be necessary for putting in the progress
; of construction such yards which in the future
will give us the means of building ships and
equipping navies, to be sent to sea and com-
manded by just such gallant officers as to-day
stand prominent in the annals of the country,
to fight any enemy that may dare to make war
upon us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONNER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. FERRISS. I object to withdrawing the
amendment; let us have some voting.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Conner, to increase the appropriation to
$250,000.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a point of order. There
has been no opposition to the amendment of
thegentleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner. ] The
fentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
as advocated it more warmly than the mover
of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes
i too late.
The amendment of Mr. Conner was not
1 agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend theamend-
ment of the gentleman from California, so
i as to make the amount of the appropriation
$1&Q,0Q0. Mr. Chairman, I must confess that
I have received from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. O'Neill] some instruction this
evening on the subject of League Island; but
what that has to do with this question I cannot
for my life conceive.
What is tbe question before the committee ?
Not whether a navy-yard should be established
at League Island, not whether Admiral Porter
or Admiral Farragut was a great man, not
whether the Navy is entitled to the glories
which it has achieved. I accord in feeling with
all the eloquent speeches which can be made
in behalf of the Navy. I agree with all the
gentleman'8 loud-sounding praises of the gal-
lantry of the Navy. But the question before
this committee is whether $100,000 is a suffi-
cient appropriation for labor at the navy-yards
under the Ordnance Bureau; not whether
Admiral Farragut or Admiral Porter are great
men, not whether League Island navy-yard
should have been established or not. The gen-
tleman seems to have League Island " on the
brain." [Laughter.] It a member of the
House moves an amendment to reduce the
tariff on iron the gentleman makes a speech
about League Island. No matter what the sub-
ject under discussion, League Island must be
lugged in.
Now, sir, let me state my understanding of
this proposition. The Committee on Appro-
priations propose to reduce the amount of ex-
penditure for labor at navy-yards, upon the
