1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
legislation. If we have the power under the
fourteenth amendment to prescribe an oath of
that kind to be taken by the officers of a State
of the Union, then we must make the require-
ment alike applicable to all the States; we have
no right to single out one State, and require an
oath of its officers, without requiring it of the
officers of any other State.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether in his judg-
ment, after due deliberation, the provision of
the bill as it stands and is interpreted by him-
self and the members of the committee does
not in the first place contravene the express
•provision of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution; because thatamendmentspeeific-
ally provides that the Congress of the United
States by a two-thirds vote may suspend alto-
gether the requirement of the oath, while this
bill proposes that this requirement shall oper-
ate, notwithstanding any subsequent action of
Congress, upon all future officials of Virginia?
And I would inquire further whether beyond
and above that this bill does not necessarily
imply on its face an attempt on the part of
the Congress of the United States to fetter the
power of the whole people of America, to wipe
out out every part and parcel of that amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, with-
out going over the entire ground embraced in
the question of the gentleman from Ohio, but
treating the question fairly, as I propose to treat
the bill before the House, I will say that the
answer to the first part of his interrogatory
will probably be that the billalso provides that
the officers of the State may take the other
oath, to wit: an oath that the individual has
been relieved of his disabilities in pursuance
of the fourteenth constitutional amendment.
This answer to the first part of the gentleman's
interrogatory I give for what it is worth, and
I am inclined to think that it is a fair and full
answer. I wish to state this matter fairly.
My objection to the oath provided for in this
bill is based chiefly upon the ground I have
named. It is a step beyond any legislation
heretofore adopted by Congress with reference
to any one of these insurrectionary States. It
goes beyond even the bill for Georgia which
we passed the other day; because it proposes
to require through all time that every official
of the State of Virginia shall take one or the
other of these oaths. I hold that we have no
right to impose an oath other than that pro-
posed in the constitution of the State, certainly
unless we make it applicable to all the officers
in all the States alike. I distinguish between
legislating for a State before it is admitted into
the Union, and legislating for a State when it is
upon an equal footing with all the other States.
Mr.. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to inquire whether
Congress does not have the power to exact
from every officer of every State an oath which
will require him to declare that he is eligible
under section three of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States ? If that be so, if Congress can require
it of every State in the Union, can we not re-
quire it of Virginia? I ask, further, whether
the oath required in this bill_ is notpretisely
the oath which enforces the third section of the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thebiliitselfanswers
the questions of the gentleman from Ohio, ex-
cept that in regard to the power of Congress to
apply an oath to all of the States. That is not
proposed to be done by this bill, and I will not
answer it now. It is proposed to single out
a particular State, which I say we cannot
do. Mr. Speaker, we have had enough of
oaths. I think we had better follow the bibli-
cal injunction and " swear not at all." _ I am
in favor of getting rid of these multiplication
of test-oaths.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 26.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has there not always
been an oath of office ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH.: Yes, sir; but officers
have not been required to take halfa dozen of
them. We have always had an oath of office
that the officers should support the Constitu-
tion of the United States as well as the con-
stitution of the State under which the officer
should hold his office. That is all the oath of
office that has been required in the past, and
I do not know but that it is all the oath 6f
office we should now require. Instead of that
an officer has now not only to swear true alle-
giance to the United States and to support the
Constitution of the United States, but we have
the prescription that he shall take many other
oaths. A man is not only required to swear
to-support the Constitution in bulk, but he is
also required to support it word by word, sec-
tion by section, and article by article. I am
opposed to these multiplications of test-oaths.
Test-oaths, sir, are always distasteful and un-
popular. In times of peril, in time of rebellion
and insurrection, test-oaths may be necessary
enough; but after the war has ceased, when
the rebellion has been suppressed, when the
people of the insurgent States are prostrate
at your feet, I am utterly opposed to the mul-
tiplication of test-oaths, which can only have
the effect of excluding the intelligence and
wealth of the State from all participation in
their government. Upon the wealth and intelli-
gence of the country we must depend for the
support of the Government, and that is equally
the case in the States lately in rebellion as well
as the other States. I say that test-oaths are
not required by any exigency now existing.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This bill does not re-
quire any test-oath. It is not what is com-
monly known as the iron-clad test-oath of 1862,
but it merely provides for the taking of an oath
with a view to the enforcement of the provis-
ions of section three of the fourteenth article
of amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
whether he is not in favor of enforcing every
article of the Constitution of the United States
in every State in the Union, Virginia included?
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. Certainly I would
enforce the Constitution in every State of the
Union so far as I could, and upon every citizen
of the United States; and, sir, the people of
Virginia have declared by a majority of more
than two hundred thousand that every officer
of that State shall take an oath that he will
support the Constitution of the United States.
Aiid that oath is still in the Constitution.
They have got to take it. Now, why go further
and incorporate another oath for the people ot
Virginia which you do not apply to everybody
else?
Mr. Speaker, we want something besides
oaths. It has come too much to this, that in
the South the only question raised with refer-
ence to a man's capacity for office is, can he
swear? If we ask about such a one, has he
brains, has he intelligence to legislate for the
people of the country, the answer is, "no
matter as to that; he can swear." If we ask,
has he got morality, honesty, and integrity,
as displayed in his social relations and financial
transactions, the answer again is, " no matter
as to that; he can take the test-oath."
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a single remark ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman says we
have not enforced this oath in any other State.
This is not the case. We have enforced it
in Georgia; and if so, why not enforce it in
Virginia?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
had listened to my remarks he would have dis-
covered that in what he has just stated he is
in error. We have not enforced this oath in
Georgia. The bill passed the other day pro-
vides that only the members of the first Legis-
lature of Georgia shall take the oath. It does
not provide that the officers of the State shall
do so. It ouly provides that the oath shall be
administered to the members of the -Legisla-
ture when ,it is.convened,-.and* declares that
those- who^will not take it'shall be turned out*
The members of the;Legislatures -.of Georgia
hereafter, are not required to take the oath', not
any of.the officers of the: State..-. 'AtaE-it is in
that respect that this'bill differs'from-the rule
which has been applied to the case of Georgia.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have said enough on. the
subject of the oath.- This- bill: is opposed by-
some members of the House on. account of the
conditions contained in it other than the oath.
As regards those conditions I can vote for them.
They are similar to the conditions which have
heretofore been imposed upon many of the
reconstructed States. I refer now to the con-
ditions with respect to suffrage and the equal
rights of the citizens.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for ft moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly. .
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want just now to
discuss the question which the gentleman has
been arguing. But I desire to have a distinct
understanding as to -how the law stands in ref-
erence to it. As far as the oath is concerned I
have no question myself as to its constitution-
ality, and the power of Congress'to enforce it. •
But as regards the provision;that the^admis-
sion of Virginia shall depend on the fulfillment
of the condition "that the constitution of said
State shall never be so amended or changed
as," &c., 1 would ask the gentleman to explain
this to my satisfaction : suppose the State of
Virginia was to change the constitution iu
violation of this provision of the bill, I ask
how he would enforce any penalty on the State,
or what would the penalty be, and what would
the people of Virginia forfeit if they were to
decline to comply with this provision in refer-
ence to changing their State constitution ?
What would be the. penalty, and how could it
be enforced by the Government of the United
States ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not propose to discuss that question. I pro-
pose to leave the view which the gentleman has
suggested with regard to it to go for what it is
worth. I will say this much, however : that the
conditions contained in this bill are substan-
tially the conditions that are in the constitution
of Virginia already.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the point. I do
not doubt that. I made the inquiry I did to
elicit an explanation from the gentleman who
has brought the bill from the Committee of
Reconstruction, and not with a disposition to
antagonize it in any way.
But I want the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswobth^ or somebody else to explain to
me if the State of Virginia, after being admitted
into the Union, after having her Representatives
seated on this floor and sworn in, and their rep-
resentatives in the Senate sworn in, should after-
ward by a constitutional convention change its
constitution in the particulars referred to with-
out anything in the Constitution of the United
States requiring such a change—I say I want
some one to explain to me what the penalty
would be in such a case and how it would be
enforced.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] will yield to me I
will answer his colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not care who it is that
gives the answer. I should be glad to get it from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
any side discussions. Heretofore we have
applied similar conditions to several of the
reconstructed States. I think it is the language
of the late learned and able gentleman who
was one of the Representatives ofPenrisylvama,
(Mr. Thaddeus Stevens,) embracing certain
fundamental conditions, which is followed m
this bill. That language was incorporated m
several of the bills for admitting others ot the
