1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
was dropped and he was inaugurated as Gov-
ernor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. But it so happens that
Mr. Bullock could not transform himself from
a provisional governor into a real live Gov-
ernor of a State. And the Legislature oT
Georgia could not exercise that wonderful
transforming power, as I shall show the gen-
tleman if lie will listen to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But we authorized
it. I have read the words of the act.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The words which the
gentleman read confer no such authority. And
now Georgia has either a provisional or a per-
manent State government, with officers alike
designed to be provisional or permanent. If
these have passed from the preparatory pro-
visional territorial condition, let me ask when
and how? I will notice the claims in this
respect.
I. It is said Georgia complied with the con-
ditions required by the so-called " omnibus
reconstruction act ' of June 25, 1868; and by
the terms of that aet the State government was
transformed from provisional to permanent.
That act provides that Georgia—
" Shall be entitled and admitted to representation
in Congress as a State of the Union when the Le-
gislature of such State shall have duly ratified''—
The fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution on the " fundamental conditions"
that the constitution shall not be changed to
abridge the right of suffrage, and that a pro-
vision of section seventeen of article five shall
be void, and that the General Assembly shall
declare the assent of the State to the condi-
tions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that I may be permitted
to finish my remarks.
There being no objection, the gentleman was
allowed to proceed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This act does not, upon
its passage, eo instanti admit the Stale. No
one denies that the Legislature in form com-
plied with the required conditions of the act,
but the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, by
a report made January 25, 1869, decided that
the State had not'' duly'' complied with the act;
that the State government had ceased to be
republican in form by the exclusion of colored
citizens from the Legislature, and the Senate, by
refusing to admit Senators, affirmed the con-
clusions of the report. Congress, by the act
of December 22, 1869, to promote the recon-
struction, of Georgia, required the Legislature
to be reassembled, its organization to be per-
fected under the military power conferred by
the reconstruction act of March 2, 1867, and
thereby declared that Georgia had not '' duly''
complied with the required conditions and had
not maintained a republican form of govern-
ment, and that the compliance with previous
. conditions required by the act of June 25,1869,
did not ipso facto convert the provisional into
a permanent Stata government, nor restore it
to its practical celatjeas with the Union. By
its very terms this act<4id not undertake to
restore the State upon compliance with its con-
ditions. It is declaratory of. the conditions
required before the State "shall be entitled
anq admitted."
That act could not bind a subsequent Con-
gress, and this Congress so determined in the
act of December 22. It would be absurd for
one act to provide what should in such case be
done by a Congress in futuro without regard
to the continued loyalty and Republican char-
acter of the State. Even if a subsequent Con-
gress should be disposed to admit the State
when the required conditions were complied
with, the fact of compliance must be ascer-
tained ; and one House cannot decide that to
bind another, and this shows that admission
can only be lawful, binding, and complete when
both Houses unite in tne act of admission.
Neither House can admit a State; that power
belongs to both, to be exercised by law.
II. It is urged that General Meade, by his
dispatch to the President of July 22,1868, said
that the Legislature had—
"complied with the requisitions of tho aet of Con-
gress which became a law June 25,1808"—
That he had that day—
"witnessed the inauguration of the Governor-elect"—
And that—
"the State of Georgia is therefore, under tho acts of
Congress, entitled to representation."
And that this was in effect approved by the
President's order, No. 103, of July 28. (Sen-
ate Rep. No. 192—3d Sess., 40th Congress.)
It is enough to say in reply to this that Gen-
eral Meade could not admit a State nor decide
for Congress what the State was entitled to.
The Senate, after all this, refused to admit
Senators. Congress, by the act of December
22, put the State in a process of military recon-
struction, held it was only provisional, &nd the
President's military order of Jauuary 4, 1870,
adopted this view, and revoked the order No.
103 of July 28, 1868, leaving the State provis-
ional, and under the very words of the act of
March 2, 1867, so to continue " until the peo-
ple of said State shall by law be admitted to
{ representation" in Congress. And it never
[ has yet been 4'by law" admitted to represent-
! ation in Congress.
i III. It is alleged that this House admitted
j Representatives from Georgia, and then its
provisional character ^ceased. The proceeding
will be fonnd in the Congressional Globe, vol-
ume sixty-nine, pages 4471 and 4472, and is as
follows, (July 25,1868:)
"Mr. Dawfs reported: I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report baek the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Georgia ratifying the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution,
with the recommendation that they bo filed in the
State Department.
"It was ordered accordingly." * * * *
" Mr. Dawks. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of J. W.
Clift and C. H. Prince, members-elect from the
State of Georgia. That Statehaving ratified the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, and in all
other respects having conformed tothe requirements
of law in regard tothe admission of that State, these
gentlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2,1862.
"The report was agreed to.
"Mr. J. W. Clift and Mr. C. H. Prince accord-
ingly appeared and were duly qualified by taking
the oaths prescribed by the act of July 2,1862."
It is enough to say in reply that this House
cannot admit States into the Union, nor decide
for the Senate when a reconstructed State has
complied with the law of Congress. This whole
proceeding was hasty, without consideration
by the House, and has been condemned by the
action of the Senate and by the act of Con-
gress of December 22, 1868.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYHAM. I understand the gentle-
man to say that this action on the part of Con-
gress in July, 1868, was hasty and inconsid-
erate. I would ask the gentleman, would it ever
have been reconsidered had not the Georgia
Legislature rejected from seats in that body
the colored representatives?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think God in His
providence permitted the rebels and bad men
of Georgia so to demean themselves as finally
to bring us to a senseof our duty, and to enable
us to do what we should have done before. It
is not the first time in history when this thing
has happened.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to put a question ?
■Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman, when the State of Georgia was
counted in the election of President at that
desk, at the joint session of the two Houses,
if it had not been agreed by the Senate and
the House that the vote of Georgia should be
counted, and was it not counted on the basis
of her representation as a State ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. ThegentlemanfromKen-
tucky will remember that the vote of Georgia
was counted under a resolution which provided
that the Presiding Officer of the Senate should
announce that so many votes were cast without.
Georgia, and so many votes with Georgia, and
that in either event General Grant was elected
President of the United States. And in any
case that decided nothing, for that joint con-
vention of the two Houses, even in all the plen-
itude of its power, could not admit a State into
the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
fermit me, I have alsoaquestion to put to him.
wish to inquire of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] and I want a specific answer
to the question which I propound to him. I
depend on his answering it with the candor and
honesty of a gentleman, and I know he is a
candid and honest gentleman except in politics.
[Laughter.] I wish to know of him whether
he believes that this House would ever again
have interfered with Georgia, to re-reconstruct
her in any manner whatever, if she had sent
here a solid, radical, fanatical, Republican
representation.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question. If Georgia had sent here
to both branches of Congress a regular radical
Republican set of Representatives and Sena-
tors, as she ought to have done, but had also
excluded colored Republicans elected to her
Legislature, this Congress would have put Geor-
gia as it did, for thatcrime against the Constitu-
tion and God and humanity, under military con-
trol, and reconstructed her as we did.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend is so meta-
physical that I must say I have not quite
comprehended his answer. I wish he would
give me a specific answer to my question;
whether he believes, if the State of Geor-
gia had so conducted herself as to have elected
to both branches of her Legislature a Repub-
lican majority, and to have Bent- a majority of
Republican Representatives to the House of
Representatives of the United States, and Re-
publican Senators to the Senate of the United
States, that the idea of re-reconstruction would
ever have occurred to himself or to the most
radical or fanatical member of this House?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will be eandid with
the gentleman. If Georgia had not excluded
illegally and unconstitutionally the colored
Republicans from her Legislature I believe
the attention of Congress would not have been
called to the irregularity of admitting Rep-
resentatives and Senators, and Representatives
and Senators would have been admitted from
Georgia just as from South Carolina, North
Carolina, and the other States named in the
omnibus bill. But that does not settle the
questioiwof constitutional law as to what is the
proper mode of admitting reconstructed States
into the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend will allow me
to give him my opinion npon that question.
I believe it is solely and exclusively a party
question, and that the only reason for recon-
structing Georgia is because she did not send
a Republican majority of Representatives to
this House, because she is a Democratic State.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
have endeavored to act upon this subject as
npon all others, according to my convictions
of duty, irrespective of party politics; but if I
err at all upon a question of this sort I shall
go with the Republican party and cast my
fortunes with it. The Republican party has
done more for the people of this country than
any political party that ever lived in it, save
only that glorions old party which organ-
ized and founded the Republic. It was the
Republican party that took possession of the
Government of this country, with a bankrupt
Treasury and with a full-grown Democratic
rebellion on its hands; and by the grace of
God and the power and virtue of the people
it suppressed that rebellion, it abolished slavery
throughout the length and breadth of the Re-
public, and at last it has done an act approved
of God and man, by conferring universal suf-
