4546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Iowa will consent to that, I shall then withdraw
ray amendment so as to dispose of this matter.
I ihink it ought to be at least $15,000. That
is only $3,000 a year for five years.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to putting
it at $15,000.
Mr. HARLAN. Then let it read $15,000.
Mr. COLE. The amendment proposed by
my colleague I was sure would embarrass the
operations of the company, because it required
the expenditure of so much money in so short
a time that it would be impracticable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being interposed, the $10,000 will be changed
to $15,000. The question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. That change being made,
I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PllOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 1910) to equalize bounties
of soldiers who served in the late war for the
• Union;
A bill (H. R. No. 2217) to reduce the ex-
penses of the survey and sale of public lands
in the United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 236) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to the late President Lincoln.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 119) to admit free of duty certain printed
chromos.
The message likewise announced that the
House returned to the Senate, in compliance
with its request, the bill (S. No. C7G) to amend
an act entitled '' An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United
States," passed August 18,185G, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
House non-concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1987) to de-
fine the duties of pension agents, to prescribe
the manner of paying pensions, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill, and
had appointed Mr. Joinr F. Benjamin of Mis-
souri, Mr. Jacob Bento>t of New Hampshire,
and Mr. John T. Bird of New Jersey, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House to the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 77) authorizing a distribution of the
copies remaining m the Department of State
of the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham
Lincoln.
OltDEii OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill on the Calendar is——
31r. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
present and all prior orders be postponed, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the appropriation bill for the Post' Office
Department.
Mr. SUMNER. Are we not engaged in the
execution of an order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] was to postpone the
present and all other orders, being the business
assigned for Fridaj', for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lin-
coln. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] insisted that the rule adopted on the
10th oi March should be com plied with by taking
the vote on passing over each bill separately.
The Secretary will report the next bill on the
Calendar. The motion of the Senator irom
Massachusetts is still pending, but priority is
given by the rule to the motion of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ Do I understand
the Chair to Say that the motion I made is not
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is pending, to
postpone the present and all other orders for
the purpose of considering a specific bill; but
the Senator from Vermont, under the rule
adopted on the 10th of March, had made a
motion which has priority, to pass over the
bills intervening one by one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not move to pass
over each bill one by one, but I wanted each
bill stated, so as to bring it to the attention of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, 1 move to pass
over the first bill; and I wish to make a sug-
gestion, with the permission of the Chair; and
that is, to suggest to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts that it be agreed, by unani-
mous consent, to take up Mrs. Lincoln's bill
and the other pension bills—there are only a
few of them for widows—to-morrow at one
o'clock, and then let us proceed with the ap-
propriation bills or whatever the Senate may
conclude to take up.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not object to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do not under
stand the proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
agreed on by the Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from Massachusetts, but of course
it is subject to objection by the Senate, is that
to-morrow at one o'clock the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the pension bills, includ-
ing the bill for Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I must appeal now
to the Senator from Vermont to allow the
Senate to vote on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion is
made to pass over, the question recurs on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
postpone all other orders for the purpose of
taking up the bill granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatisthependingorder?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill on
the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 77) for the
preservation of the harbors and navigable
rivers of the United States against encroach-
ments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Maine that he can now move to amend
that motion if he wishes to do so. I do not
care to occupy time about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont now to allow the Senate to act
on the bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot do that at this
particular moment. There is one other bill 1
wish to reach. I move now to pass this one
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont moves to pass over the bill in regard
to the preservation of the harbors of the Uni-
ted States.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the next bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to suggest to the Senate
that to-day be allowed to the Committee on
Claims for the consideration of bills reported
faotn that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That willrequire
unanimous consent, as the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is still pending.
Several Senators objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill on
the Calendar is the bill (S, No. 114) to enforce
the fourteenth article of amendment of the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to pass that over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is one way by
which we can get out of this difficulty if the
Senate will do it, but I do not know that they
will. I am in favor of paying a pension to
Mrs. Lincoln; but I am not in favor of tying
up the whole business of the Senate. Let the
Senator from Massachusetts make his motion
to take up the case of Mrs. Lincoln 
Mr. SUMNER. That is what I have done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, that being done,
I for one will vote against the motion for the
purpose of going on with the business of the
Senate. The Senator from Vermont has it in
his power to arrest the whole business of the
Senate, and is doing it. We are not advanc-
ing Mrs. Lincoln's case or any other. Let us
take a vote on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and vote it down, and then the
Senator from Maine can go on with the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must reply to one re-
mark of my friend from Illinois. I have it not
in my power to arrest the whole business of
the Senate, and I do not propose to do it—
quite the reverse. It was -within my power
when the franking bill was up, upon which I
wished to say something, on a mere motion to
postpone to address myself to the Senate upon
it; but upon what I considered to be a previous
ruling of the Chair, this being Friday, with a
view to get up unobjected cases, I voted with
the Senatorfrom Illinois and the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts to pass it by. It turned out that
I was under a mistake as to the opinion of the
Chair in regard to the effect of the rule. I
wish now to get at the pension bills in the regu-
lar way: but if that is not agreeable to the
Senate, and they wish to go on with the bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts desires
to take up, I am not going to stand in their
way. But so far as this rale goes I have only
acted upon it when if it were out of the way
every single bill that was pending would have
been subject to debate until everybody was
tired of debating it before it could be post-
poned. 1 say that in justification of myself to
my friend from Illinois.
Now, if the Senate want to take a vote on
passing over everything, or rather postponing
everything before the bill for Mrs. Lincoln's
pension, 1 would not interpose any objection.
I have only done this because the ruling of the
Chair, though very likely correct, is different
from what 1 understood it to be the other day.
Mr. SUMNER. Then my motion is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will see that the ruling of the Chair
since the adoption of this rule has been uni-
form, sometimes giving pleasure to Senators
and sometimes not giving pleasure to them,
but the rulings have been uniform from the
commencement, and the Chair has here the
text of his decisions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair will under-
stand me not as objecting to his rulings, but I
differ from the Chair as to the uniformity of
his decisions. I do not make the least criti-
cism on the Chair, however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to postpone the present and all other
orders for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 23, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cole. Drake,
Penton, Fowler, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton, Nye, Pool, Kamsey, Sawyer, rfehurz,
Sherman, Spragne, Stewart, Sumner, Warner, and
—23.
NAYS—Messr?. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly, Conkhng, Davis, Ed-
munds, Terry, Gilbert, Hamilton oi Maryland. Ham-
ilton of Toxas Howe, Howell, Johnston, McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Scott. Spencer, Stocjj>
ton, Thayer, Thunnan, Truuiball,Vickeis, and WU-
lcy—S2.
