TOO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
4 1st Cojjg 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
eighteen hundred and forty-one, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year eighteen hundred and forty-one,"
shall bo construed to have authorized and to
authorize the naval officers and surveyors
therein mentioned to receive the maximum
compensation of five thousand dollars and
four thousand five hundred dollars, respect-
ively, as therein named, out of any and all
fees and emoluments by them received.
Se<j. 9. And be it further enacted. That the
President of the United States be authorized
to organize and send out one or more expedi-
tions toward the North Pole, and to appoint
such person or persons as he may deem most
fitted to the command thereof; to detail any
officer of ihe public service to take part in the
same, and to use any public vessel that may be
suitable for the purpose; tiie scientific opera-
tions of the expeditious to bo prescribed in
accordance with the advice of the National
Academy of Sciences; and that the sum of
fifty thousand dollars, or such part thereof as
may be necessary, be hereby appropriated, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President.
Approved, July 12, 1870.
Chap. CCLI1.—An Act to provide .for the
Pucdemption of the three per cent. Temporary
Loan Certificates, and for an Increase of
National Bank Notes.
Beit enacted by the. Senate and House of Hep
rcsantalives of the United States of Awei ica in
Congress assembled, Tliut liny four millions of
dollars in notes for eiiculatiou may be issued
to national baiikingas.-.ociations, in addition to
the three hundred id ilhonsof dollars anthotized
by tho twenty-second section of the "actio pro-
vide a national currency, secured by a pledge
of United Slates bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June three, eighteen hundred and sixty-four;
and the amount of notes so provided shall be
furnished lo banking associations organized
or to be organized in those States and Terri
torics having less than their proportion under
the apportionment contemplated by the pro-
visions ofthe " act to amend an act to provide
n national currency, secured by a pledge of
United Slates bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-live,
and the bonds deposited with the Treasurer of
the United States, to secure the additional cir-
culating notes herein authorized, shall bo of
any description of bonds ofthe United States
bearing interest in com, but a new apportion-
ment of the increase;! ciiculatiou herein pro-
vided for shall be made as soon as practicable,
based upon lite census of eighteen hundred and
seventy: Pi voided, Thai if applications for the
circulation heroin authoi izeil shall not. be made,
within one year after the iia.i.-aue of 1 his act by
banking associations organized oi to lie oi;;an-
ized in States having ies-: than their pi oport'on,
it shall be lawful (or the Comptroller of the
Currency to issue such circulation to banking
associations applying for the saint! in oth-.r
States or Territories having lets than I heir pro-
portion, giving ihe pief'erence to such as have
the greal est deficiency: And provided farther,
Thai no banking association heiealter organ-
ized shall have a circulation in ex-cess of live
hundred thousand dollars.
St-:u. 'i. Ami be it further enacted. That at
the end of each month alter the passage of this
act it, shall be the d'.Py of the Comptroller of
the Currency to report, to ihe Secretaiv ofthe
Treasury the amount of circulating notes i.~ sued,
under >he provisions oi the priceding i-°clion.
to natioual hanking associations during the
previous month; whereupon the Secretary of
the Treasury shall redeem and cancel an am onn t
of the three per centum temporary loan certifi-
cates issued under the acts of March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, and July twenty-
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, not less
than the amount of circulating notes so re-
ported, and may, if necessary, in order to pro-
cure the presentation of such temporary loan
certificates for redemption, give notice to the
holders thereof, by publication or otherwise,
that certain of said certificates (which shall be
designated by number, date, and amount] shall
cease to bear interest from and after a day to
be designated in such notice, and that the cer-
tificates so designated shall no longer be avail-
able as any portion of the lawful money reserve
in possession of any natioual banking associa-
tion, and after the day designated in such notice
no interest shall be paid on such certificates,
and they shall not thereafter be counted as a
part of the reserve of any banking association.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That upon
the deposit of any United States bonds, bear-
ing interest payable in gold, with the Treasurer
ofthe United States,in the manner prescribed
in the nineteenth and twentieth sections of the
national currency act, it shall be lawful for the
Comptroller of the Currency to issue to the
association making the same, circulating notes
of different denominations, not less than five
dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty per
centum of the par value of the bonds depos-
ited, which notes shall bear upon their face the
promise of the association to which they are
issued to pay them, upon presentation at the
ofhee of the association, in gold coin of the
United States, and shall be redeemable upon
such presentation in such coin : Provided, That
no banking association organized under this
section shall have a circulation in exccss of one
million of dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every
national banking association formed under the
provisions of the preceding section of this act
shall at all times keep on hand not less than
twenty-rive per centum of its outstanding cir-
culation in gold or silver coin of the United
States, and shall receive at par in the payment
of debts the gold notes of every other such
banking association which at the time of such
payments shall bo redeeming its circulating
notes in gold coin of the United States.
Seo. .">. Andbeit further enacted, That every
association organized f'ortho purpose of issuing
gold notes us provided in tins act shall be sub
jeet to aii tile requirements and provisions of
the national currency act, except the first clause
of section twenty-two, wh ch limits the circa
lation of national banking associations lo three
hundred millions of dollars; the first clause of
section thirty-two, which, taken in connection
with the piecedmg section, would require na-
tional banking associations organized in the
city of Kan h ranciseo to redeem their circulat-
ing notes at par in the city of New York; and
the last ciause of section thirty-two, which re-
quires every national banking association to
leceive in payment of debts the notes of every
other national banking association at par:
i'lucided, That in applying the pro\isions and
lequii emetils of said act to the banking asso-
ciations herein provided for, the terms •• lawful
money," and '• lawful money of the United
Stales," s-haK be held and construed to mean
gold-or silver com of the United States.
Sr.o. <5. And be if, fu Iher enacted, That to
secure a more eq iiiable distribution of the na-
'1 o n. 11 ha"Ung currency there maybe issued
cireulat ;ng notes ro liankinga,-socialions organ-
ised in Urates and Territories having less than
their jiroponlou as h«rem set forth. And the
amount of crcuiat'oa in this section authorized
shall, under ihe direction of 'ho Secretary of
the 'lica-auy, as it maybe required for this
purpose, bo withdrawn, as herein provided,
from banking associations organized in States
having a circula tion exceeding that provided
for by the act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to provide for a national bank-
ingcurrency.securedby pledge ofUniled States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof,' " approved March three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, but the amount
so withdrawn shall not exceed twenty-five mil-
lion dollars. The Comptroller of the Currency
shall, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, make a statement showing the
amount of circulation in each State and Terri-
tory, and the amount to be retired by each
banking association in accordance with this
section, and shall, when such redistribution of
circulation is required, make a requisition for
such amount upon such banks, commencing
with the hanks having a circulation exceeding
one million of dollars in States having an excess
of circulation, and withdrawing their circula-
tion in excess of one million of dollars, and
then proceeding pro lata with other banks hav-
ing a circulation exceediugthreehuiidred thou-
sand dollars in States having the largest excess
of circulation, and reducing the circulation of
such banks in States having the greatest pro-
portion in excess, leaving undisturbed the banks
in States having a smaller proportion, until
those in greater excess have been reduced to
the same grade, and continuing thus to make
the reduction provided for by this act until the
full amount of twenty-five millions, herein pro-
vided for, shal 1 be withdrawn ; and the circula-
tion so withdrawn shall be distributed among
the States and Territories having less than their
proportion, so as to equalize the same. And
it shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, forthwith to make a requisi-
tion for the amount thereof upon the banks
above indicated as herein prescribed. And
upon failure of such associations, or any of
them, to return the amount so required within
one year, it shall be the duty of the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency to sell at public auction,
having given twenty days' notice thereof in one
daily newspaper printed in Washington and one
in New York city, an amountof bondsdeposited
by said association, as security for said circu-
lation, equal to the circulation to be withdrawn
from said association and not returned in com-
pliance with such requisition ; and the Comp-
troller ofthe Currency shall with the proceeds
redeem so ninny of the notes of said banking
association, as they come into the Treasury, as
will equal the amount required and not so re-
turned, and shall pay the balance, if any, to
such banking association: Provided, That no
circulation shall be withdrawn under the pro-
visions of this section until after the fifty-four
millions granted in the first section shall have
been taken up.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That after
the expiration of six months from the passage
of this act any banking association located m
any State having more than its proportion of
circulation maybe removed to any State having
less than its proportion of circulation, under
such rules and legulations as the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may require : Provided.
That the amount of the issue of said banks
shall not be deducted from the amount of new
issue provided for in this act.
Ai'Moved, July 12, 1870.
CitAi'. CCLTII.—An Act to extend the Time
for presenting Claims for Additional Boun-
ties.
Jj* it enacted b;j the Senate and Home of Pep-
rescnlaiives ofthe United states of Americi. in
Congress assembled. That, the time for present-
lag claims for additional bounties granted to
soitliers by the twelfth ami thirteenth sections
ofthe act of-July twenty-eighth, eighteenhun-
