1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
from Virginia, stated to the Committee on Re-
construction on the 9th day of last December,
in the presence of Governor Walker, that this
speech was reported by a gentleman who is
now his private secretary, and that Governor
Walker had never denied it over his own signa-
ture. General Butler asked Governor Walker
whether he had ever publicly contradicted that
speech. The reply of Governor Walker was,
"I do not know whether I ever did or not." I
regret,_ sir, that Governor Walker, without the
authority of the committee, should have sup-
pressed this question of General Butler and his
own answer thereto in the publication of papers
relating to Virginia ordered by this House.
Mr. Speaker, Governor Walker must do one
of two things; he must either nullify the
county and school systems of Virginia, or he
must cheat the men who elected him. Which
of these two things he will do I leave those to
predict who are better acquainted than I am
with his virtues and his vices. But one thing
we can all see, that as between Democrats it
would be vastly easier for a Virginian like Mr.
Withers to deal justly with these school and
county questions than for a northern man like
Mr. Walker. The former already enjoys the con-
fidence of his party and is comparatively free;
the latter is on trial. He will win or lose the
confidence of his party by keeping or breaking
the pledges he has made. He acts under that
restraint which suspicion always imposes.
Again, sir, it was admitted on all hands that
up to the present time colored men, although
admitted to juries in the United States courts
of Virginia by Chief Justice Chase, have been
excluded by local judges from all other juries
in that State. I amataloss to understand how
the district commander could have permitted
such a gross violation of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
Before the Committee on Reconstruction Gov-
ernor Walker excused the judges who swept
the colored men from Virginia juries on the
ground that the old constitution of Virginia
excluded them. But the loyal men of Virginia
apprehend that if the Federal Constitution has
not proved efficacious for the maintenance of
this right the new constitution of Virginia will
also fail. And, sir, when I consider that up
to the present hour the Democrats of Virginia
have been able, even under military rule, to
nullify that provision of the Federal Consti-
tution which forbids the enforcement of any
law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States, I cannot
deny or doubt that the demand of guarantees
on this point is reasonable and just.
I would impose the condition that General
Canby's appointees shall perform their func-
tions during the transition from military rule
to a State government. And why ? Because
I would blast in the bud that devilish scheme
of Governor Walker's supporters, over whom
he will have no more control in the executive
chair of Virginia than in Libby prison, to avail
themselves of certain peculiarities of the so-
called "schedule" of the convention to smug-
gle back into power, during the transition
period, the old rebel State officers themselves.
The question whether Congress ought by new
legislation to exact this or that oath from the
Legislature of Virginia has been most strangely
confounded with another and essentially differ-
ent question—the question whether General
Canby was authorized or required to do this by
acts heretofore passed. The duty of the district
commander under the law is one thing, the duty
of Congress under the Constitution is another
thing. Between these questions there is no
necessary connection. Grant, if you will, that
under the reconstruction laws neither General
Canby nor any other officer had authority to
apply to the Legislature of Virginia the' test-
oath of 1862, or the oath modeled upon the
fourteenth amendment, or any other oath, and
still the power of Congress by new legislation
to impose either of these oaths or any other
oath upon that Legislature is neither destroyed
nor impaired. The question with General Canby
was, what is the law ? The question with us is,
what is the Constitution? The question en-
countered by General Canby was one of over-
shadowing importance and surrounded by the
greatest difficulties : but he grappled with it in
the spirit of a patriot and statesman, and with
such strength as must, when fully understood,
challenge the admiration of the loyal people of
this Republic. In his communication to B. W.
Gillis, dated June 26, 1869, lie says:
"X have uniformly held that members of the Gen-
eral Assembly and State officers to be elected on the
6tli proximo would be required to take, before enter-
ing upon the duties of their offices, the oath prescribed
by the law of July 2, 18G2, unless the constitution
should first be approved by Congress or the oath be
otherwise dispensed with by law." * *
"The sixth section of the law of March 2,1807,
provides ' that until the people of the said rebel
States shall be by law admitted to representation in
the Congress of the United States any government
which may exist therein shall be deemed provisional
only, and in all respects subject to the paramount
authority of tho United States to abolish, modify,
control, or supersede the same;'" * * * *
" and tho ninth section of tho law of July 19,1867,
imposes an additional qualification upon the officers
by requiring that they shall take the oath of office
prescribed by the law of July 2,1SG2.
"Under the original law of March 2,18G7, section
five, itwas in tho powerof the district commander to
prescribe an oath of office conforming to tile con-
ditions of eligibility prescribed by that soction, and
this in fact was done by several of the district com-
manders—in this district by general orders N o. 9, of
April 5, 1867—and these oaths continued in force
until they were superseded by the oath required by
the law of July 19,1867. That law placed the sub-
ject beyond tho discretion and control of the district
commander, and he cannot now prescribe or adopt
any different oath without disregarding or annulling
a positive and controlling law. I have heretofore
held and do now hold that the approval by Congress
of any proposed constitution makes it a part of tho
reconstruction laws, and, to the extent that Congress
directs or authorizes any action under it in advance
of the admission of the State, dispenses with the
provisions of any previous laws thatconflict with it.
In all other respects the constitutions and tho gov-
ernments organized under them remained inopera-
tive until all the conditions of restoration were
satisfiod."
On the 10th day of July last General Canby
transmitted to the War Department a dispatch,
parts of which I will now read to the House :
Headquarters First Military District,
State op Virginia,
Richmond, Virginia, July 10,1809.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit, for tho inform-
ation of the General of tho Army, a copy of tho cor-
respondence with different persons in this State in
relation to the qualifications of voters upon and
officers to bcelecled under tlio proposed constitution
for the State of Virginia. But two matorial points
are involved in these questions:
1. The alleged conflict between certain provisions
of these laws, as they apply both to voters and offi-
cers, and the Constitution (article fourteen of the
amendments) of the United States.
2. Tho legal effect of the ratification of tho pro-
posed constitution by the people of tho State, and
the action required by the fifth section of the act ap-
proved April 10,1869.
Upon the first I have held that even if there bo
such conflict,, and this may be seriously questioned
as to the States not represented in tho Congress of
the United States, the question is one over which
the district commander has no control, and must be
left for appropriate legislative action or judicial do-
termination; and upon the second, that the approval
by Congress of any proposed constitution is a funda-
mental condition of tho reconstruction laws, and
until that condition is satisfied tho constitution re-
mains inoperative and wholly subordinate to the
provisions of the laws under which it was framed;
that these laws determine the qualifications of offi-
cers, and until they are dispensed with by law or
cease to operate in pursuance of law they must bo
enforced. * * * * That the obligation
imposed by the Constitution and the third section of
the law of Juno 1,1789, could be satisfied only by an
oath or affirmation prescribed by tho laws of the
United States, and that until the oath prescribed by
tho proposed State constitutions wore approved by
Congress; they were not the prescribed oaths, and
did not legally impose obligations or involve penal-
ties. I have been unable to find anything in the sub-
sequent legislation of Congress to warrant any dif-
ferent conclusion as respects this State. On the
contrary, the joint resolution of February G and 18,
1869, and the .passage of the law of April 10,1869,
before the approval of the constitution by Congress,
and without dispensing with the requirement of the
ninth section of the law of July 19,18G7, or prescrib-
ing another form of oath, appears to express very
clearly the intention of Congress that this require-
ment should be enforced, *
The alleged anomaly of requiring the oath of office
proscribed by the law of July2,1867, after article four-
teen became a part of the Constitution of the United
States, is amattor over which the district commander
has no control. The law has not been repealed and
has been modified hy the law of July 11,1868 onlys'o
far as it affects persons whose disabilities havo been
removed by Congress, and it is still enforced against
all, including those who have never incurred imy
disabilities, who may be appointed to office under the
Government of the United States.
Until the proposed constitution for Virginia has
been approved there are no other oaths ornlTirma-
tions prescribed by law ft>r persons appointed or
elected to office in that State; and I do not see how
the obligation imposed by the Constitution of the
United States and the law of J unel, 1789. can'bo satis-
fied without taking the oath prescribed by the law of
July 2,1862, or in the case of persons whose disabil-
ities have been removed, that of July 11,1868.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
ED. R. S. CANBY,
Brevet Major General Commanding.
The Adjutant General, Washington, D. O.
This dispatch was dated four days:after the
election held under our last reconstruction act
of April 10, 18G9. In that election the peo-
ple who had participated in the late rebellion
had triumphed over the loyalists of Virginia.
Banded together under the guise of conserva-
tism, and making use of a northern man as a
gubernatorial candidate, they had been success-
ful in the first act of their.plot to restore the
State government to the very same hands which
had hauled down the national flag and plunged
the State into the vortex of secession m 1801.
And while exactingand obtaining pledges which
satisfied themselves from their new Governor,
who was not, like the other carpet-baggers, a
soldier left stranded on the shores of Virginia by
the receding waves of war, butonlya civil .waif
thrown upon her sacred soil by some strange
wind of fortune at the close of the rebellion,
they had at the same time been able to allay
the apprehension, not only of the executive
branch of the Government, but even of the
northern people themselves. A final and com-
plete victory seemed almost within their grasp.
But one obstruction stood across their track.
That was the accursed test-oath, of General
Canby. And, sir, day and night tlie roads from
Virginia to Washington were dusty with the
anxious feet of the scions of the first families,
hurrying hither with conservative carpetbag-
gers to supplicate the President to put that ob-
struction out of the way. The result was the
remarkable correspondence to which I now in-
vite the attention of the House. I read, sir,
from pages 25 and 26 of the printed document
relating to the test-oath in Virginia:
[Confidential.]
headquarters army of the united states,
Washington, l->. C., July SO, 1869.
General: The President has submitted tho whole
question as to whether the members of the Legisla-
ture,elected for Virginiaare required to takethc test-
oath upon being qualified to take their seats. He
wishes you to defer the promulgation of the results
of the recent election till you have the decision of
the Attorney General, and in case bis opinion be that
the test-oath is necessary, then to defer the promul-
gation about one month before tho meeting of the
national Congress, so that the law may be modified
that members-elect of the State Legislature may tako
their seats and proceed to business.
Yoars, Ac., W. T. S.
General 15. R. S. Canby.
Headquarters First Military District,
State op Virsih/a, Richmond, Virginia,
J'xhj 31,1869.
General: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your confidential communication of yester-
day in relation to the test-oatli in Virginia.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ED. R. S. CANBY,
Brevet Major General Commanding.
General W. T. Sherman',
Commanding the Army, d'e., Washington, D. C.
This correspondence is remarkable, because
while it plainly enough shows that the Presi-
dent believed that if the reconstruction laws
did require the administration of the oath of
July, 1862, to the Legislature of Virginia these
laws ought to be so modified as to dispense
with that oath, it also shows that we have a
President who when he calls upon his Attor-
ney General for an opinion expects not an
opinion manufactured to order to suit the preju-
dice or purpose ofthe.President, bota n opinion
framed in accordance with the untrammeled
convictions of the Attorney General himself;
and, sir, this short confidential note irom the
