1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3603
state that the navy-yard at Pensacola, Florida, is
the only navy-yard in the Gulf of Mexico at which
vessels serving; in that gulf and the West Indies can
be repaired, and it has been found necessary to re-
pair and rent many vessels and their appointments
before, during, and since the rebellion.
The Pensacola navy-yard capitulated to the rebels,
and when they left it they destroyed all the houses,
shops, hospital, marine barracks, docks, and rail-
ways, or so far demolished them as to render them
useless without extensive repairs. No permanent
buildings have since been erected for lack of appro-
priation.
The floating dry-dock and basin constructed there,
at a cost of $9.11,927, was sunk and destroyed by the
enemy, and no means have since been available
there for repairing the bottoms of vessels needing
such repairs.
A dry-dock is absolutely necessary at the Pensa-
cola navy-yard, and we recommend that appropri-
ation be made to commence an excavated dry-
dock, which structure, with appurtenances, will cost
$2,000,000.
A floating dock at one half the cost of a perma-
nent excavated dock would answer the purpose, but
until farther improvements shall be made to com-
Slete the wet basin, a floating dry-dock is liable to
amage by the winds and waves when exposed in
docking vessels.
According to the plan of the yard a wet basin
should be constructed in which vessels could lie in
safety in all weathers. This wet basin had been
commenced before the rebellion, but has remained
untouched since 1861. This basin is an important
improvement, which atsome future day must be com-
pleted, and it will be a costly although indispensable
improvement. Inside this basin it would be good
policy to construct a permanent dry-dock.
The resolution is herewith returned.
We have the honor to be, respectfully, your obe-
dient servants, _
JOS. SMITH.
Chief of Bureau of Yardt and Dock*.
JOHN LENTHALL,
Chief of Bureau of Construction and Repair.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, when a
vessel meets with an accident in the Gulf of
Mexico it is compelled to go north to New
York, or to some distant northern yard for
repairs. It is absolutely necessary for the com-
mercial as well as the naval interests of the
country that this dry -dock at Pensacola should
be rebuilt. There is in that immediate locality
any quantity of the finest kind of timber, live-
oak, water-oak, and yellow pine, and other
timber peculiarly adapted to naval construc-
tion. And although the estimate was not made
in his last report by the present Secretary of the
Navy, I hope the committee will agree to the
amendment I have offered. I desire to quote
in support of it the following passage from the
report of the Secretary of the Navy for 1868,
as an authoritative statement from that De-
partment will have vastly more weight than
anything I may utter:
" In none of our navy-yards is there more than a
single dry-dock, and there are but six in all; three
built of stone and three floating docks. In the event
of a maritime war this deficiency would be seriously
felt, perhaps to a greater extent than any other of
our pressin g wants; and it is worthy of consideration
whether steps should not be taken without delay to
place our naval establishments in this respect in a
condition approaching, at least, our relative import-
ance with other naval Powers. The dock-yards at
Cherbourg and Toulon, in France, and at Ports-
mouth, in GreatBritain, each contain agreaternum-
ber of dry-docks than all our yards combined; and
some of the other dock-yards of these Powers are but
slightly inferior to those named. While GreatBrit-
ain, France, and other maritime Powers are increas-
ing their dry-dock facilities, already far greater
than ours, we are doing nothing in this direction."
Mr. Chairman, I notice in our proceedings
to-day and to-night an inconsistency and an
incongruity which I cannot possibly compre-
hend ; that while we are so properly exercised
concerningthe decline of American commerce,
and have appointed a special committee to
ascertain the causes, and while we are now
making every effort to reinstate our flag upon
the seas, in the same breath we now almost
sweep away our navy-yards, dismantling them,
reducing the forces employed, and rendering
qnite useless the department itself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment and demand a vote
on it.
The question was put on Mr. Hamilton's
amendment; and there were on a division—
ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to insert after line
three hundred and sixty-nine "for finishing
five sloops of war on the stocks, $1,100,000."
Mr. Chairman, I will simply remark that enough
has been said to show that this amendment
should be adopted, and I will not take up the !
time of the committee by repeating the argu- '
ment. j
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of the civil establishment at the several
navy-yards under this bureau: At the navy-yard,
Portsmouth, for clerk to paymaster, $1,000; clerk
to inspector of provisions and clothing, $1,000; in all,
$2,000.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend that par-
agraph by striking out the words, "For clerk
to paymaster, $1,000." We have one hundred
ana fifty-eight paymasters and assistant pay-
masters in the Navy. The action of the House
this morning indicates that the Navy is to stand
at eighty-five hundred men and with the comple-
ment of officers as it now stands. Now, with
those one hundred and fifty-eight paymasters
and assistant paymasters, there certainly can
be detailed from the pay department a sufficient
number of assistant paymasters to perform the
duties of clerks where they are required. There
are seven navy-yards, in each of which therels
a clerk to the paymaster. Now, the regular
establishment of the Navy, with one hundred
and fifty-eight paymasters and assistant pay-
masters, certainly ought to be able to keep the
accounts without the addition of clerks to the
paymasters. I therefore move to strike out
those officers.
Mr. AXTELL. It occurs to me that we
ought to give some faith and credit to these
Departments of our Government. I think that
i it is very poor economy to take away from the
:; navy-yards the necessary clerical force; and
: unless, as has been well remarked here, the
officers of the Navy who are demanding these
services are attempting to deceive this House
and impose upon the country, they need the
services of these clerks. It certainly appears
to me that this attempt to bring into ridicule
and contempt before the country this great arm
of our national honor and defense comes with
a very poor grace from the friends of the Ad-
ministration. It cannot be possible thatmen
of honor, men educated by the Government,
men holding high positions, can attempt to
; deceive the House by declaring that they
\ need, in order to carry on these Departments,
j so much money and so many clerks and assist-
i ants when they do not need them at all, when
they are supernumerary and unnecessary. We
know how many clerks we need at our desk,
and how many doorkeepers; and if we state
that we need them, we need them. And when
the Secretary of War, and the Secretary of the
Navy, and the heads of the Treasury and Post
Office Departments say that they need clerks,
we are bound, if we repose faith in them at all,
to believe that they do need them. The gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Archer] says here
that they can get along very well without these
clerks. I ask him how he knows that to be a
fact?
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to reply ?
Mr. AXTELL. I will allow the gentleman
to reply at some other time and not in my time.
The men who have charge of this work, and
who have been all their lives engaged in it,
through the whole length of their service to the
country, know what they need better than law-
yers or farmers from Maryland or Pennsylva-
nia. It is not men in other Departments who
know what is needed at the navy-yards. It is
the men who have charge of this work, and
whose sworn duty it is to state to the country
what they need, what services they require.
If the Navy is to be abolished, if the question
is of cutting it down one half, and retiring so
many ships and shutting up so many yards, then
oat down the appropriations accordingly; but
do not come here as Representatives of other
interests from other quarters of the country
and say that these men do not need in their
departments so much clerical work, do not
need so many assistants. Let us accord to them
at least that which we claim for ourselves, good
faith toward the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I move to strike out the
last word, and I do it for the purpose of ex-
pressing my surprise at the position assumed
by the gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell]
in seeking to fasten upon the country an ex-
penditure of money that is totally unnecessary.
Here is a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer]—and the gentleman from California
is not a member of that committee—a gentle-
man who is presumed to know exactly what he
is about and whom the House has been follow-
ing in every amendment he has offered to-day,
who tells us that this appropriation is unneces-
sary. And the gentleman from California, a
Democrat, rises here, contrary to the instruc-
tions from the great masses of the Democracy
of the country, advocating an unnecessary
expenditure of money. I could not sit in my
seat quietly and acquiesce in that speech or
refrain from denouncing it, and saying, with
due respect to the gentleman, that when he
rises here and advocates the expenditure of a
single dollar unnecessarily, he in no wise speaks
the sentiments of the Democracy of the country.
I now yield the rest of my time to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. I would say to the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Axtell] that I have
great respect for the Secretary of the Navy;
and I would say, too, that the Navy Depart-
ment having made these estimates, had the
Committee on Appropriations followed out the
recommendations of the Secretary of the Navy,
I would have been disposed to go with them
and for his recommendations. But when this
House—not the Secretary of the Navy; when
this House has shown a determination by its
votes to-day to reduce the expenditures of the
Navy, then I say that the estimates of the
Secretary of the Navy must be corrected so
as to be in conformity with the action of this
House. I say that now there is no necessity
for this force unless we intend at the same
time to turn out of the Navy the officers who
fill places in it by regular commissions. It is
in order to save those officers, who have served
their country faithfully, that I would do away
with this clerical force.
It is not from any want of confidence in the
head of the Navy Department that I have
moved this amendment. I have known the
present Secretary of the Navy from his ear-
liest boyhood. I believe him to be thoroughly
honest, and thoroughly desirous of forwarding
and protecting the interests of the country.
At the same time, as this Houfie has adopted
a line of policy looking to a reduction of the
Navy, I want that we should carry out that
reduction item by item, and there is no better
way of doing it than by striking off these civil
appointments. And I will say further, that if
we strike out this clerical force, and if the
Committee on Naval Affairs succeed in carry-
ing through this House a bill which they have
prepared to prevent the appointment of any
more officers in the Navy, we will still further
reduce the expenses of the Government and
lighten the burdens of the tax-payers of this
country.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. B URR. I move that the committee now
rise.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 20, noes 67.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
Mr. AXTELL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] and I beg the Committee of
the Whole to bear with me while I announce
to my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Rah-
