1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2659
The committee sat down and looked over
those votes one by one, scrutinizing the testi-
mony bearing npon each case as it came up,
and, as I understood, they decided upon each
case as it did come up. Reasons have been
given here to-day in a few of those cases which
1 never before heard of; but I have no doubt
that they honestly embody the views of the
gentleman presenting them here.
We went over all of these cases, counting
out one here and another there. I know that
there was no partisan feeling in this case, for
I did not know Mr. Taylor, the contestant,
and did know Mr. Reading, the sitting mem-
ber, having for some weeks occupied a seat
near him in this Hall during this session/
and having been favorably impressed by him.
And the inclination, I may say positively, was
to give him every vote to which he was enti-
tled.
We counted out one vote here and another
there, without knowing what the result would
be, without knowing who would be counted in
when we got through. Until the committee
had decided on all the votes, one by one, I
never knew what the result would be. The
result of this investigation, this scrutiny, is
that the sitting member is counted out and the
contestant, Mr. Taylor, is counted in by the
majority stated in the report.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. HALE. Certainly, although I have but
little time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish the gentleman
would state why the majority of the committee
have rejected the evidence of the tally-lists,
and why they denied the demand of the sit-
ting member for an examination of the bal-
lot-boxes, which are preserved by law for the
very purpose of examination in cases of this
kind?
Mr. HALE. I will_ answer if I have the
time. If not, the chairman of the sub-com-
mittee [Mr. Cessna] will, I presume, do so.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman says
that the committee went over this case vote by
vote, and therefore I wish him to state 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. My time has expired, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will have to de-
pend upon his colleague [Mr. Cessna] for an
answer.
Mr. CESSNA. Mr. Speaker, it is not to be
expected that in fifteen minutes I can go over
this case in detail. As my colleague [Mr.
Hale] has already stated, the case has been
examined in detail in the committee, as we
think faithfully, laboriously, and patiently, all
of us going over it together, and each of us
separately. Every single case of an alleged
illegal vote on either side was taken up and
considered by itself.
It may fairly be assumed that all the action
of the committee to which objection can be
made has been specified by my colleague,
[Mr. Randall,] who has made the minority
report. He claims that Mr. Reading was
elected by a majority of 28 votes. If I show
that the claim of those 28 votes is unfounded
or is not sustained by evidence his ease must,
I submit, fail. One of those 28 votes must
be deducted, it having already been allowed
as a part of the vote of the contestant. That
leaves the sitting member but 27.
At this point I will answer the question which
my colleague [Mr. Woodward] addressed to
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Hale.]
He asks, why did not the committee send for
the ballot-boxes when requested to do so by
the sitting member? I deny that we were re-
quested by the sitting member to do any such
thing. He did file a notice to his adversary
that he would ask the committee to do that;
but he never made any such request.  It is true
that my colleague, [Mr. Randall,] in consult-
ation with me, suggested that we might send
for the ballot-boxes.
Mr. RANDALL. It was agreed once that
we should send for one of them.
Mi. CESSNA. I said at one time that per-
haps we might as well send for four or five of
those ballot-boxes. That was before we opened
and examined the original papers on file. A
further examination, however, of the case
showed that there was an error of six on one
side and six on the other, so that even grant-
ing the position taken by my colleague, those
two errors offset each other. I have now in
my hand two of those papers; and I affirm
without fear of successful contradiction that
the tally-lists do not differ from the general
return, but corroborate it; and this must bo
evident, on an examination of the papers to
my colleague [Mr. Woodward] or any other
gentleman, I care not what his polities. And
this is the reason I did not send for the ballot-
boxes.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CESSNA. I will yield for a question
if the gentleman will make it brief.
Mr. RANDALL. Did we not once agree to
send for one of these ballot-boxes?
Mr. CESSNA. Wo did; but that was before
we looked at the original papers; and I say
that after an examination of those papers
neither my colleague nor any other honest man
would ask that the ballot-boxes should be sent
for. I want my colleague [Mr. Woodward]
to take the paper I hold in my hand and look
at it. That is the tally-list. The gentleman
claims eight votes to be corrected on that tally-
list. On what ground? First he does not
show how many votes were polled at the bal-
lot-box to overthrow the return ; and second,
he does not call an officer, he does not call a
witness. We have the general return, we have
the hourly return, all corresponding, and noth-
ing but this pretended list to contradict it.
What do we see by the tally-list? The officer
does not certify that it is a true copy of the
tally-list. Therefore it amounts to just noth-
ing ; but we are asked by the argument of the
gentleman to throw that out after all this dis-
crepancy. If the gentleman will turn to that
paper and then turn to the tally-list, as printed,
and the hourly return, I say that his own eyes
will show him, and alter he looks at it he will
not get up and say there is anything in that
return.
The hourly return shows first a certain num-
ber of votes for Reading and a certain number
of votes for Taylor. It shows first the tallies
by a pencil making short strokes, while the
last are by a pen making large strokes, and any
man with half an eye can see the small tallies
and the large tallies on that very list. _ Yet
gentlemen get up and abuse the committee.
Now, if any gentleman on the other side with
half an eye can get up and pitch into the lie-
publican party because they have not decided
this ease judicially, after having considered the
facts I have just stated, I should like to see his
face and to hear his voice. It is so obvious and
so apparent that no man can shut his eyes so
close, without shutting them altogether, and not
see it. Here they are, eight small tallies under
and eight large tallies over, the hourly return,
showing the same tallies and the general return
and all the papers in the whole case. Yet the
gentleman has asked us to throw away all that
in order to save his colleague upon this floor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, about this correction of
the returns: we did not send for it because there
was nothing to correct. I did agree to send
for it when I thought there was something to
correct; but when I saw with my own eyes the
hourly return and the general return, and all
the proof tending in one direction as sustaining
it, then I became satisfied that it was a waste
of time and all folly to send for the papers.
I have not time to go into the details, as my
time is very limited. Let me refer next to the
township of Bensalem, and that will end this
case. There were 552 votes polled in that hal-
lot-box, 173 returned for Caleb N. Taylor and
319 returned for John R, Reading. The offi-
cers of that election being called testified there
were more Republican votes than that number
putintothe ballot-box. We called the officers
of the election over and over again on behalf of
the contestant, but they camc not.. We proved
then that the officers of the election left the
ballot-box in another room of the house three
quarters of an hour, during dinner, and left it
again for three quarters-of an hour at night.
We called one hundred and ninety men living
in that township, who swore positively they had
voted thewhole Republican ticketand for Caleb
N. Taylor. We called the officer of theelection,
and he swore there were ten tickets in that box
which were scratched and had pasters with the
name of Caleb N. Taylor, making 200 solid
votes which had gone into that ballot-box for
Caleb N. Taylor, when only 173 were returned
for him. Mr. Speaker, under that evidence
what could the committee do? Five hundred
and fifty-two votes are polled; 173 are returned
for Taylor ; 200 are proved to have voted for
Taylor, showing that during dinner or supper
somebody or other had gone into this room
and abstracted 27 Republican tickets and sup-
plied their place by putting in 27 Democratic
tickets. The officer of the election, the con-
stable and assessor, the committee waited for
during six long months. They preferred to
stay away, willfully and corruptly as we be-
lieve. Under these circumstances we applied
the remedy asked by the contestant for the
wrongs perpetrated upon him. I leave it to
my Democratic friends, who ask that this ques-
tion may be decided judicially, whether, when
200 votes are proved to have been cast for Mr.
Taylor and only 173 votes returned for him,
whether he should not have the benefit of those
votes of which he was unjustly deprived?
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CESSNA. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether the note of Charles W.
Carrigan, attorney for the sitting member, given
on page 16 of the minority report, was not sub-
mitted to the committee?
Mr. CESSNA. Yes, sir; and I am sorry
that it was.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the privilege of
having that note read.
Mr. CESSNA. Thegentleman cannothave
it. I cannot yield to the gentleman to have
it read; and the gentleman would not ask for
the residing of it if he did not want to consume
my time. There is evidence there that these
men were subpenaed over and over again. And
while the gentleman has his hand in he may
as well read pages 172, 132, and 166 on that
point. Ho may read this, or if there is not
sufficient time left, he may write it out in the
shape of a speech and print it in the Globe.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman stated
on his veracity as a gentleman that there was
nc attempt made before the committee to pro-
duce the ballot-boxes, and now he admits that
this note was before the committee.
Mr. CESSNA. That is not the note I ani
alluding to at all. I was referring to Mr. Carri-
gan's note about the non-appearance of offi-
cers from Bensalem township.. Both the notes
were before the committee. But I trust the
gentleman will allow me to proceed, as my
time is almost exhausted. When I have given
up more than half the time to the minority of
the committee, when, under the pressure of the
House to have the case disposed of,. I have
yielded them everything, and when that side
of the House has wasted a mortal hour in call-
in"-for the yeas and nays on the previous case,
I hope they will now allow me what little time
, I have left. But I will say this: that the notice
| the gentleman speaks about, is a notice to the
| officers who hold the ballot-boxes, directing
I them to retain them, and notifying them that
i on the trial of the case the sitting member
