1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4547
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell,
Chandler, Oorbett, Cragin, Flanagan, Ilamlin, Nor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Tipton, AVilliams, and Yates—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
district supreme court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unobjected
cases on the Calendar are now before the Sen-
ate, under the resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. The Senator from Illinois
is present, and I desire to make a motion now
that an order be entered returning to the Sen-
ate the bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, for the pur-
pose of having a reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose I cannot ob-
ject to entering the motion to bring the bill
#ack. I hope the reconsideration will not be
carried, however.
The order for the return of the bill was
agreed to.
order op business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unobjected
rases on the Calendar are now before the Sen-
ate, commencing at Senate bill No. 609, on the
sixth page, where the Senate left off on Friday
night last.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
present and all prior orders be postponed, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the Post
Office Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope so.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall go on with
the unobjected bills on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unobjected
cases on the Calendar are before the Senate,
and the Senator from Maine moves to postpone
them and all prior orders and take up the Post
Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 29, noes 13.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 537) for the relief of James
A. Bunce;
A bill (S. No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary A. Filler;
A bill (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond; and
A bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of act ap-
. proved February 5, 1867, and joint resolution
approved March 29, 1867, relative to judges
and commissioners of election in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2219) reviving the pen-
sion to Mrs. Catharine Bender;
A bill (H. R. No. 2220) granting a pension
to Mary Cunningham;
A bill (H. R. No. 2221) granting a pension
to Jesse and Mary A. Davis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2222) granting a pension
to Maggie B. Miller.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1328) to establish a depart-
ment of justice; .
A bill (II. R. No." 1950) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to the schooner Cavallo Marino;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner Venilia;
A joint resolution (H. 3£. No. 324) granting
condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 327) relative
to trade with the British North American
provinces.
pension agents.
The Senate proceeded to considerits amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, to the bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define
the duties of pension agents,, to prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, and for other pur-
poses.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
1'enolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the eonferceson the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Edmukds, Mr. Pratt, and Mr. McCkeery.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1828)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
an amendment to the bill to strike out in sec-
tion one, lines twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-
two, the words" but no part of said sum thereof
shall be expended for the pay of letter-carriers
in cities of less than forty thousand inhabit-
ants;", so that the clause would read, ''For
pay of letter-carriers, $1,2-50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose the following
amendment to this bill:
And be it further enftcted, That all laws and parts of
laws giving the right to any officer or Department
of the Government, or other person, to either send
or receive through the United States mails, tree ol
charge, any letter, document, or other mailablemat-
ter, are hereby repealed, and that this section shall
take effect on and after the 1st day of July, 1S70.
Mr. STEWART. Is that germane to the
bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a ques-
tion for the Senate to decide, not for the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. I raise the point of order
that it is legislation on an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the point of order.
Mr. STEWART. It is not germane to the
subject. It is legislation on an appropriation
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
examined the thirtieth rule, and he cannot see
any way in which he can rule the amendment
out.
Mr. STEWART. Then I offer to it the
amendment submitted by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] to the franking bill.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Let us put this on first.
Mr. STEWART. No ; I think we had better
amend it. . ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
an appeal to the Senator from Minnesota. I
will ask the Senator from Minnesota, who has
charge of this measure, whether, after having
had the experience he has had on this bill, he
thinks it is a proper thing on an appropriation
bill for the Post Office Department which must
pass by the 1st of July to jeopardize it by this
addition.
Mr. RAMSEY. Jeopardize what, may 1 as it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator cannot have
any apprehension that the appropriation bill
will be jeopardized by this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should thmk
the Senator's experience would show him that
such a proposition as this leads to endless
debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine the debate has
been exhausted. The measure has been pressed
here for five or six weeks at intervals.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
a very imaginative gentleman, I know; but he
knows very well if he is at all sincere that put-
ing this provision on this bill postpones it and
involves a discussion which is endless.
Mr. RAMSEY, Oh, no; I have no such
apprehension at all. The Senator is unneces-
sarily alarmed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I think that the Senator from Minne-
sota is upon the wrong side of the Senate
Chamber. [Mr. Ramsey was near the seat
of Mr. Morrill, of Maine.] I think it is a
little dangerous to have two Senators occupy-
ing belligerent attitudes so near each other.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. It is very difficult to hear
on the other side.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. The rule requires
each Senator to speak from his place.
Mr. RAMSEY. I yield to that, certainly.
I hope the Senator from Maine will advance
further this way so that I may hear what he
says.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendmentof the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to add at the end of the pro-
posed amendment the following:
But this shall not be construed as repealingthepro-
visions m favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals contained in the second section of the act
of August oO, 1852, entitled "Ail aet to amend an act to
reduce and inodifythe rates of postage in theUnited
States, and torother purposes,"passed March3,18ol.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 43, nays 11 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron. Carpenter, Casserlv, Conkling,
Davis, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan. Harris. Howe, Howell, Johnston, Lewis,
McCroery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, i'ool,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Stockton. Sumner, Thayer, Thurman,
Xipton, Viekcrs, and Wiiley—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cole, j^erry, Ham-
ilton of Texas. Hamlin, Howard, Poineroy, Ramsey,
Sprague. Trumbull, and Wilson—11.
AB6FNT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Feriton, Flanagan, Fowler,
lvellogg, Norton, Revels, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sher-
man, Warner, AVilliams, and Yates—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I send an
amendment to the Chair, which is the same
amendment I offered yesterday, with some
verbal corrections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And nothing herein contained shall bo held to ap-
ply to the franking privilege of persons upon wuorn
by name it has been specially conferred by law, nor
of the chiefs of the several Executive Departments
of the Government, noi>of sueli principal officers,
being heads of bureaus or chief clerks of each ex-
ecutive Department, as have beonheretofore allowed
to fiank mail matter, nor of the Commissioner and
chief clerk of the Agricultural Department; butthey
shall continue to have lawful authority to send and
receive sucti communications, documents, packages
of cuttings, seeds, roots, and parcels, free of postage,
as may be now so sent and received under existing
laws; and all public documents issued by the pres-
ent or by any previous Congress may be sent or re-
ceived by all persons entitled to send or receive the
same fiee of postage, until the 4th day of March
next, upon being properly franked by or addressed
to those now entitled to the franking privilege : anu
all petitions and remonstrances of citizens ot tne
United States may be transmitted to Senators ana
Representatives in Congress through the mails Iree
of postage.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The amount of it is sim-
ply this: that the right to frank documents is
to be taken from members of Congress, and
the right to frank letters on official business,
which is all the right they have, is to be taken
