1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
frage upon all the male adult citizens within
the limits of our broad Republic. It has done
more for the interests of humanity and of man
than any and all parties in this or any other
Government in the history of the world.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. If the gentleman will tell
me how he can pay the debt which the Repub-
lican party has imposed upon this country and
not have another bankrupt Treasury I shall
be very glad to hear from him on that point.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have no doubt that the
gentleman needs to be enlightened, and when
1 can get the floor I shall make a speech on
that very question, and inform the gentleman
how we can pay the debt caused by the Dem
oeratic rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought the gentleman
had the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have not the floor to
make a financial speech, but I will say that we
would pay the debt in part by revenue raised
from a tax on whisky, and make the Dem-
ocratic party contribute their share in that way.
[Laughter and applause.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word more as to what
the Republican party has done. It was my
good fortune to be in the Senate of the United
States on the 25th of February, 1870, when the
crowning achievement of the Republican party
was consummated. When I went into the Sen-
ate there stood Charles Sumner, of Massa-
chusetts, proclaiming in thunder tones that the
best mode of illustrating our belief in the sub-
lime doctrine of the fatherhood of God is to
practice the principles of the brotherhood of
man. When those grand utterances had fallen
from his lips the vote was taken, and it was de-
termined that Hibam R. Revels, the Senator
from Mississippi, upon whose head an African
ton had burned, should take his seat in that
Chamber. And there sat Cameron, of Penn-
sylvania, who in 1861, when Jeff. Davis bade
farewell to the Senate, went up to him and
said, "You are going out of this Chamber for-
ever ; war will come, and before ten years a
subaltern in the Army will be President of the
United States, and the seat which you have
now made vacant will be filled by a loyal Amer-
ican citizen of African descent. The place of
the traitor will be filled by a loyal citizen and
slavery will have perished forever."
That prophecy has been fulfilled. Grant is
President, and the seat of Jeff. Davis is filled
by a representative of that downtrodden race
doomed for centuries past to the wrongs of
the infamous and ever-to-be-detested, execra-
ble system of slavery—the "sum of all vil-
lainies ''—that compound of every wrong which
man can inflict upon man.
It is the crowning glory of the Republican
party that it has not only given freedom to the
black race of this continent, but that it . has
elothed them with all the rights of manhood
and with equal political privileges with all the
ehildren of God throughout the length and
breadth of this Republic.
And now I proceed to discuss the question
whether Georgia is a permanent State in this
Union or is only provisionaL-
IV. It is said that on the 22d July, 1868,
Rufus B. Bullock was inaugurated ss Gov-
ernor, and for a time acted as Governor of a
State. His inauguration is recorded ia the
house journal of Georgia, which I ffek the
Clerk to read.
Mr. BECK. I do not want to limit the
goitleman; bnt the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paine] has to speak after me. I said
I would yield for ten minutes.
Mr. PAINE. So far as I am concerned,
the House need not limit the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
The SPEAKERprotempore. The gentleman
from Ohio is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Jult 22,1868,11.30 o'clook a. m.
"The house reassembled.
Mr. Hudson, of Harris, offered the following res-
olution; whi«b, on motion, was taken up, read, and
adopted, to wit:
" Jlesohed, That the clerk be directed to inform
the senate that the house is now ready to proceed
with the inauguration of the Governor-elect.
"The senate, together with the Governor-elect,
General Meade and staff, and other distinguished
gentlemen, attended in the representative hall, and
the hour of twelve o'clock m. having arrived, Hon. R.
B. Bullock, Governor-elect, proceeded to address the
General Assembly.
_ "At the close of whioh the oath of office wns admin-
istered to him by Hon. John Erskine, judge of the
United States district court, and hewas declared the
Governor of the State of Georgia for the ensuing four
years.
" On motion, the senate repaired to their chamber,
and the house adjourned until ten o'clock a. m. Friday
next."
_ Mr. LAWRENCE. But neither the Geor-
gia Legislature nor Governor Bullock, by any
mistaken view of the law, could admit a State,
transform a provisional into a permanent State
government, or transform a governor, made
provisional by express act of Congress, into a
full-grown Governor of a permanent State.
V. It is claimed that Georgia, by ratifying
the fifteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, has become a
State.
Her Legislature has ratified the fifteenth
amendment, but that is only a compliance
with the law, and does not ipso facto admit
the State.
The act of December 22,1869, says the State
shall ratify the fifteenth amendment—
" Before Senators and Representatives from Geor-
gia are admitted to seats in Congress."
The House cannot decide for the Senate
that even this has been done.
Mr. HAWKINS. Can anything but a State
ratify an amendment to the Constitution ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is a very proper
inquiry, and I will answer it in a few moments,
at the same time that I answer some questions
put to me by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] of which I have notes before me.
I proceed with the point I was discussing.
The act of March 2, 1867, remains in force,
binding the House and Senate and all the mem-
bers, and declaring that Georgia shall be pro-
visional until admitted "by law."
The act of December does not declare that
when the fifteenth amendment is ratified the
State shall eo imtanti or ipso facto cease to be
provisional and entitled to representation, It
only fixes that as a condition which shall be
eomplied with before Congress will act on the
subject of admission.
Mr. HAWKINS. Does the gentleman main-
tain that Georgia was not a State when she
ratified the fifteenth amendment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. A provisional State only.
But, as I have said, I will answer that ques-
tion more fully in a very few moments, when
I come to answer the gentleman from Illinois.
If I do not answer the gentleman satisfactorily
I will yield to any further question he may
ask. I proceed with the point 1 was discussing.
When Congress does act on the subject of ad-
mitting the State of Georgia, it must be by a
law, for in that way only can a State made pro-
visional by law be transformed into a perma-
nent State. Law must be met by law before
an older statute can yield to a later one.
VI. Finally, it is said all the other States
named in the "omnibus reconstruction act"
have been admitted simply by admitting mem-
bers in each House of Congress. But the rea-
sons I have already given show the danger and
the error of this practice.
Something has been said about the time
when the official term of the Governor and
Legislature of Georgia will commence. If we
refuse to pass any law admitting the State, and
admit members in each House of Congress,
and thus recognize the State as in practical
relations with the Union,, the official term of
the Governor and Legislature will begin with
the final act of admission and recognition of
representatives in the two Houses of Congress.
This is the effect of the act of March 2, 1867,
and other acts of Congress, and of the con-
stitution and ordinances of Georgia. Let us
leave these terms to the operation of these laws
unless some reason is given for providing other-
wise. Nothing is gained by refusing to pass a
bill for the admission of Georgia by those who
would insist that the official term of the Gov-
ernor and Legislature shall not be extended.
Certainly we have no evidence that it is
desirable to distract the political elements of
Georgia with any speedy election not required
by existing laws. We have much evidence to
show that the people need repose from the rend-
ing strifes of political factions. Let us give them
the repose of our laws and theirs, and peace
pay once more return to bless the land. Let
industry revive, labor claim its rewards, and
let the laws take their course. Let no new fire-
brands be now thrown in to keep alive the flames
of discord, but rather let us pour oil upon the
troubled waters, and say to the angry elements,
to the howling storm, '' Peace, be still V'
And now a word or two in reply to the ques-
tions ofthe gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] and the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Hawkins.] I have been asked by both
of them whether a provisional Legislature can
ratify an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, or, to use the graphic language
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] when did a provisional Legislature
ever ratify a constitutional amendment? I
ask the gentleman from Illinois when did any
other but a provisional Legislature, in any one
of the late rebel States, ever ratify a constitu-
tional amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Never; never.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is mis-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No provisional Le-
gislature of any one of these States has ever
ratified an amendment to the Constitution.
Not one of those Legislatures which did ratify
amendments were provisional, but< they were
elected in accordauce with constitutions ap-
proved by acts of Congress.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I undertake to say that
every ratification of the thirteenth and four-
teenth amendments to the Constitution, by any
State lately in rebellion, has been by a pro-
visional Legislature, and before the State was
again admitted to representation in Congress.
Mr. FARNSWOBTH. No provisional Le-
gislature which was declared by Congress to be
illegal—for we did declare that all the govern-
ments set up in those States by Mr. Johnson
were illegal and void—certainly no such pro-
visional Legislature could ratify an amendment.
The thirteenth amendment got its validity from
the ratification of the States in the Union, not
by the rebel States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. We did declare the
State governments set up by President Johnson
illegal, but we did not declare the atieepro-
visional governments set up or recognized
under the reconstruction laws of Congress to
be illegal, bnt we exprauiy made them legal,
and declared them'provisional. Prior to the
date of the act of March 2,1867, there was an
illegal State government in each of the late
rebel States, except in the State of Tennes-
see, which had been readmitted into the Union
by the joint resolution of July, 1866. These
illegal governments were all made legal provis-
ional governments by the act of March 2, 1867.
Then under this act new State governments
were organized, but still provisional, until ad-
mitted to representation in Congress, and these
newly constituted provisional State govern-
ments, including Georgia, ratified the amend-
ments to the Constitution. And not one of
those amendments was ratified by any one of
those States after it had been admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress, and so made perma-
nent States in the Union.
And, now, how can a provisional Legisla-
ture ratify an amendment? The gentlemen
seem to imagine that a provisional Legislature
is an illegal Legislature. Andy Johnson's State
Legislatures were illegal, and Congress so
