1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5491
the honorable Senator fiom Connecticut, but
it is a pure assumption.
Nor can it be said, I think, with truth that
the Indians were forccd into this war. How
were they forced into the war? Were they
subjected to a draft on the part of the confed-
erate States, or to any other coercive means
whereby they were compelled to take up arms
against the United States? No, sir; they were
not. They entered into the war as readily as
any other portion of the southern population.
They rushed to arms as quickly and with as
much alacrity as did the rebels of South Caro-
lina or any other portion of the South. They
did it voluntarily, with malice prepense, determ-
ined, so far as depended on them, to destroy
the Government of the United States, to whom
they were indebted for innumerable favors.
This pretense cannot be held up that they
were forced into the war. They went into it
voluntarily, with alacrity, with a determination
to wage war against the United States in order
to overthrow the Government, and this is known
to the whole world.
But I am not sure by any means that we are
not concluded upon this subject by the treaty
which was made with them in 1866, a treaty
which, I think, was improvidently and care-
lessly entered into. Still, if we are bound by
that treaty absolutely, I shall be willing, on a
proper occasion, where the whole question can
be discussed fairly and freely, to do justice
even to these insurgent, rebellious Indians.
But at present I do not feel like making this
large appropriation at a time when we are so
overwhelmed with other business that we can-
not consider this question as it ought to be.
While saying this I do not doubt but that
the honorable chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee and the committee itself have investi-
gated this question fairly, and as thoroughly as
they have had time to do; but I want a little
further time before I vote for so large an ap-
propriation ; and I entirely reject the idea that
these Indians were coerced into the fight. No,
sir; they went into it with the same spirit that
animated the southern insurgents, and did it
voluntarily, and for the same purpose which
animated their white brethren who bore arms
with them upon the same field of battle.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that at
half past four o'clock the Senate take a recess
till half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of my friend
whether he expects to proceed with this bill
this evening?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make the motion
with the express purpose of proceeding with
this bill and finishing it to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not
expect to finish it before the recess ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas, as amended, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. It should be again re-
ported that we may see in what shape it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, a?
follows:
And be it further enacted. That the ScercUry of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby.au thorized ana directed
to place to the credit of the Choctaw nation or tribo,
on thebooksofthe Treasury, thesumof Sl,USl,4uO So,
which shall bear interest at the rate oi four percent,
per annum, which interest shall be expended for tlic
benefit of said Indiana, and for no other purpose, in
such manner as tlio said nation, with the assent of the
President ofthe United States, shall direct: Provided,
That no assignment or claim upon said fund shall be
recognized. And before any portion of the interest
shall be paid the Choctaw nation shall agree to
accept the provision of this section in full satisfac-
tion of all unliquidated claims against the United
States and all claims growing out of the net proceeds
of sales of lands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly,
Cragin, Davis, Drake, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald,Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice,
Sawyer, S<;ott, Suinner. Thayer, Trumbull, Viekers,
W arnor, Willey, and Yates—24.
KAYS—Messrs Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Robertson,
Boss, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Williams, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Lrownlow, Carpenter,
Cattell, Colliding, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howe, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury,
Spencer, Thurman, and Tipton—2i
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York [Mr. Conklikg] had an amendment
pending at the time the Senator from Rhode
Island demanded the yeas and nays on the
amendment just rejected. It will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was. after line four hundred and forty-four, to
insert:
For building a light-house on Barber's point, Lake
Champlain, New York, $15,000.
Eor building a light-house on Bluff point, Volkair
Island, Lake Champlain, $15,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. Both these appropriations
are recommended by the Light-House Board.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose an amendment,
to come in on page 14, line three hundred and
twenty-three, as a proviso :
Provided further, That it shall be lawful until after
the completion and occupation of said branch mint
building to exchange at any mint or branch mint
of the United States unrefined or unpa.rted bullion
for refined or parted bullion whenever, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury, it can be done
with advantage to the Government: Provided, That
the weight, fineness, and value ot the bullion re-
ceived and given in exchange shall be determined
by the mint assay: And provided further. That the
authority hereby given snail not be construed so as
to interfere with the rights and privileges now or
heretofore enjoyed by depositors of bullion at said
mints.
I will state that the proposition has been so
changed as to obviate all the objections made
to it before, and I believe there is no objection
to it now in any quarter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer another amend-
ment, to come iu on page 6, after line one
hundred and twenty-eight:
Provided, That the land office at Le Grand, in the
State of Oregon,shall be allowed tho same incidental
expenses as are allowed to other land offices in said
State, commencing with its organization.
I will briefly state that this land office has
been organized two or three years, and the
Department has refused to allow it a dollar
for fuel, office rent, or anything of the kind, on
the ground that the law does not authorize it,
when the other land offices in Oregon are
allowed these expenses. I simply want to
put this land office on the same footing as the
others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whether it ought
to be on the same footing or not is not quite a
clear question, because these things depend on
the relative position of the offices. It may be
that this office is entitled to something, but it
does not follow that it is entitled to the same
as others.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply want some pro
vision by which it may have its incidental
expenses. I do not care about the phraseology.
I only ask to have it on the same ground as the
others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But to put it on
the same footing would put it on a parallel with
the other offices, which might not be a fair
thing. If the Senator will change the language,
so as not to do that., I wiil not object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ I will modify it so as to
meet the Senator's views.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. I offer the followingamend-
i ment:
For the purpose of paying to William T. Stotts,
of Lee county, Iowa, whatever sum may be found
justly due him, not exceeding the sum of $6,500, in
full for damRges sustained by him by reason of tho
prosecution by the United States ofthe improvement
of the JDes Moines rapidsinthe Mississippi river, the '
same to be ascertained and fixed by the Secretary
of War upon due-proof made to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order ?
Mr. HOWELL. I will state that there is
no money appropriated in the amendment,
but it is an amendment to allow the Secretary
of War to ascertain the amount due for the
damages done this man. It results from the
fact that he owned a saw-mill, and had a log-
way to draw up his rafts from the river, and
this improvement of the rapids came between
him and the river and destroyed his facilities
for running his mill there. He had to take it
down and remove it. The law of Iowa, by
which the United States were allowed to take
property in Iowa 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order. Is it in order?
Mr. HOWELL. It was submitted to the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not a private claim?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide that question, as it is made. Accord-
ing to the statement of the Senator from Iowa,
this may be a very strong private claim; but
it is a private claim, and therefore not in order
on a general appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I was not aware that the
rule excluding private claims applied to this
miscellaneous bill. I will state further, that
this is reported in favor of by the chief engineer
in charge there, by the commission that had
it in charge, and the claim is just; and if it
cannot come in here it can only come in in a
separate bill. It has been understood on all
hands that it could come in here. I will
read 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa that unless the
decision of the Chair is appealed from the
proposition is not in order, and debate is not
in order. Thi3 is a general appropriation bill;
and the rule provides that when such a bill is
under consideration—
"No amendment shall be received whose object
is to provide for a private claim unless it be to carry
out tho provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
If there has been any law providing that this
claim should be settled by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the Secretary of the Interior, or
any Secretary, aud ascertained, then it would
be a private claim coming within that excep-
tion ; but it cannot be entertained after the
point of order is made as it has been by the
Senator from Illinois. The Chair does not
himself make points of order, of course; but
when made he must decide them.
Mr. SAWYER. I offerthe following amend-
ment by way of an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the act approved
March 3, 1869, making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the custom-house, court-house, and post
office building at Knoxville, East Tennessee, was
intended to include and revive, and shall be deemed
and held to include and revive all former unex-
] pended appropriations for the same object.
I I ask for the readingof the letter of theSec-
! retary of the Treasury in the Globe which I
! send to the desk; and I will state beforehand
S that a joint resolution to this effect has passed
I the House of Representatives, and I offer it here
j for fear we shall not get to it on the Calendar
] and secure its consideration as a separate
I measure during this session.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Iwill say to the
■ Senator that I consider that a matter fore-
closed by the action of both branches of Con-
j gress, and therefore I think it proper that it
j should go on the bill. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
ij The amendment was agreed to.
j! Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that
il the Senator from Maine will object to the
