5492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
motion I am about to make. I am sure it is not
consistent with the general course of business
in the Senate. My motion is to strike out an
appropriation of $2,000 between lines eleven
hundred and one and eleven hundred and nine,
on page 46. The lines I propose to strike out
read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay J.
H. Viser, clerk of the United States district court
for the northern district of Mississippi, for keeping
the records and files of the land ollice at Pontotoc,
Mississippi, and performing the duties of register
and receiver for four years, under the provisions of
act of March 3, 1853, $2,000, or so much theroof as
may be found by the proper accounting officers to be
due him.
As I read that over in the bill it struck me
as if it were an old acquaintance. I thought I
remembered something about Pontotoc ; and
upon conferring with one of my associates on
the Committee on the Judiciary he seemed to
have some recollection that we once had had a
claim from this same clerk of the United States
district court for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi, to be paid for keeping these land
records. Upon looking into the statutes I
found that in 1868, on page 101, fifteenth
volume of the Statutes, was this provision:
" For services of the clerk of the district court of
the northern district of Mississippi, as keeper of the
records and files of the land office at Pontotoc, Mis-
sissippi, from June 4,1866, to June 4, 186S, $500;
and it is hereby made the duty of said clerk, on the
passage of this act, to transfer the records and files
aforesaid to the registerof the land office at Jackson,
Mississippi; and the nineteenth section of tho act of
March 3,1853, entitled 'An act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854,' be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
I recollect very well that we had before the
Committee on the Judiciary two or three years
ago the claim of this Mr. Viser, as clerk of the
district court, for keeping the records of the
land office; we investigated it and came to
the conclusion that $500 was a proper sum to
be paid him for his services in that respect, and
we directed the records to be turned over to
the land office at Jackson. That provision
went into the appropriation bill passed in 1868.
And now, lo and behold, this same Mr. Viser
turns up here as clerk of the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of Missis-
sippi, and is to get ยง2,000 more for keeping
these records!
Mr. DRAKE. For the same time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill says, " per-
forming the duties of register and receiver for
four years, under the provisions of act of March
3, 1853." That is the act we repealed in 1868.
The truth about it is that he had nothing to do.
The land office was abolished, and by a law
passed in 1853 the records were turned over
to the clerk of the district court for the north-
ern district of Mississippi. We investigated
the claim and thought he was entitled to $500,
and repealed the law in 1868. Now he comes
in and wants $2,000 more.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the time covered by
this provision of the bill which you move to
strike out ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It says for four years;
but of course it must have been four years
before 1868, because we repealed the law of
1853 in 1868, and we investigated his whole
claim at that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ought to say
a word, because, although this is not an amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate, still it may be supposed that their
attention would naturally have been called to
the text; and I find on my copy of the bill
interrogation marks on the margin, which I
usually make when I have some doubt as to an
item and hope to have an opportunity of con-
sidering it. But there was no information sent
from the House about it, and it seemed a
harmless thing. At any rate it did not seem
to go beyond $2,000, and you will see from the
phraseology that he was not to have $2,000,
only "so much thereof as might be found due
him by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury." The inference I drew was that
if nothing was due him he would not get
anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we investigated bis
claim, and paid him $500 two years ago and
repealed the law imposing this duty on him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a fact
I knew nothing about; and I am much obliged
to the honorable Senator, and after this state-
ment I feel that I ought to apologize somewhat
to the Senate for not having investigated the
matter far enough to ascertain the facts within
the knowledge of the honorable Senator.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following
amendment, which is sent to me from the
Interior Department:
And bo it further enacted, That it shall bo tho duty
of the surveyor general of Arizona, under such in-
structions as may be given by the Secretary of tho
Interior, to ascertain and report upontho origin,
nature, character, and extent of all claims to lands
in said Territory under the laws, usages, and customs
of Spain and Mexico, and for this purpose he shall
have all the powers conferred, and shall perform all
tho duties enjoined upon tho surveyor general of
New Mexico by the eighth section of an act entitled
"An act to establish the office of surveyor general
of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant
donations to actual settlers, and for other purposes,"
approved July '22,1854; and his report shall be laid
"before Congress for such action thereon as shall bo
deemed just and proper.
I will explain in a moment what this is. Wo
passed a bill the other day organizing a sur-
veyor general's office for Arizona, and we pro-
vided in that bill that he should have the same
powers and perform the same duties as the
surveyor general of Oregon. It ought to have
said New Mexico, because there is a special
act authorizing the surveyor general of New
Mexico to report upon Spanish and Mexican
claims, and report all the facts about them to
the Department. The surveyor general of
Oregon has no such power at all. The surveyor
general of Arizona ought to have it. So the
Secretary of the Interior sends this section to
me to be put on this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make no ob-
jection.
Mr. IIARLAN. I desire to inquire whether
these claims have not expired long since, by
limitation of law; and if this amendment should
be adopted, will it not revive them?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is any-
thing in that suggestion, this would be very
vicious legislation.
Mr. ANTHONY. This does not revive any
claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But it says that
this officer shall have all the powers conferred
by the eighth section of a certain act. I do
not know what the powers in that eighth sec-
tion are.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have had something to
do with this amendment, because some per-
sons, constituents of mine, are in the posses-
sion of lands in Arizona which there have been
no means of having surveyed and patents taken
out for on account of there being no land dis-
trict tljere and no surveyor general. An act
has been passed creating a land district in
Arizona, and as the Senator from Kansas says,
conferring upon the surveyor general similar
powers to those of the surveyor general of
Oregon ; but the surveyor general of Oregon
has nothing to do with Spanish and American
titles; the surveyor general of Mexico has.
This makes the surveyor general of Arizona
correspond in the powers and duties of his
office to the surveyor general of New Mexico,
instead of the surveyor general of Oregon.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that this matter
should not be pressed now. If there are any
private land claims 
Mr. POMEROY. If there is anything about
it that Senators do not understand, let it lie j
over for the present. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend- |
ment wi'il be laid aside for the present. ]
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following
amendment:
And be it farther enacted, That in order to reduce
the expenses of the Government and to render un-
necessary tho annual appropriation of about thirty
thousand dollars to pay for telegraphic messages be-
tween the United States and Europe, the consent of
Congress is hereby given to George W. Biggs, Hiram
Barney, and all others, citizens of the United States,
associated with tbern to land and operate a tele-
graphic cable between the United States and Bel*
gium, subject to such regulations as Congress may
establish: Provided, That the Government of the
United States shall have the right to the free use of
said cable to the amount of $30,000 in each and every
year, and that the rates for messages shall be regu-
lated by the Governments of the United States and
of Belgium.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope these telegraph
companies will notbe moved on this appropria-
tion bill. There are several of them that are
in competition with each other.
Mr. RAMSEY. This economizes expenses.
Mr. POMEROY. If one is moved, they all
should be. I certainly hope they will not be
put on this appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it is a very appro-
priate amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to my
friend from Minnesota not to press this propo-
sition of a general character which must lead
to debate, on this bill. It stands no chance,
of course, of receiving the sanction of Congress
at this late period, and only involves us in great
difficulty and delay here in the Senate as well
as elsewhere. It is impossible to conceive that
this can go on this bill with any chance of suc-
cess whatever, at this late day.
Mr. RAMSEY. The annual expense of tho
Government for telegraphing to Europe is
$30,000, and this gives that service to the Gov-
ernment for nothing. I cannot conceive why
any opposition should be made to this measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish to
argue the matter; but it is evident that this bill
is not the place for such a proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. You might as well put a
steamship line on this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no appropriation
and no subsidy here proposed ; it is simply an
allowance to these people of the right to stretch
their cable across the Atlantic ocean.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CAMERON. It is within five minutes
of the time for the recess, and I ask the Senate
to go into executive session for the purpose of
having some reports made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let this amendment be dis-
posed of first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At four and a half o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven p. m.
. EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 804.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
from Maine would yield to me. I wanted to
take up the same bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.(Mr. Axthoxy
the chair.) The civil appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have tried night after
night to get up this bill, and I hope I shall be
allowed to get it up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is no question about-
this bill. It has passed the Senate once before.
It is the only bill that I care about now at this
session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
