702
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the proprietor or proprietors of articles named
in said schedule C, who shall furnish his or
their own die or design for stamps to be used
especially for his or their own proprietary
articles, shall be allowed the following com-
missions, namely: on amounts purchased at
one time of not less than fifty dollars nor more
than five hundred dollars, five per centum;
and on amounts over five hundred dollars ten
per centum on the whole amount purchased:
Provided, That luoiferor friction matches, and
cigar lights, and wax tapers, may be removed
from the place of manufacture for export to a
foreign country without payment of tax, or
affixing stamps thereto, under such ru]es and
regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe ; and all provisions of
existing laws inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion one hundred and fifty-eight of the act
entitled "An act to provide intetrial revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, as amended by section nine of the internal
revenue act, approved July thirteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, be, and is hereby,
amended by striking out the words " fifty dol-
lars" in the second proviso, and inserting in
lieu thereofthe following: " double the amount
of tax remaining unpaid, but in no caso less
than five dollars;" also, by striking out the
words ''sixty-six" in the third proviso, and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " seventy-
one;" also, by striking out the words "sixty-
seven" in the last proviso, and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " seventy-two."
Sue. (i. And be it. further enacted, That there
shall be levied and collected annually, as here-
inalter provided, for the years eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and no longer, a tax of two and
one half per centum upon the gains, profits,
and income of every peison residing in the
United States, and of every citizen of the
United Slates residing abroad, derived from
any source whatever, whether within or with-
out the United States, except as hereafterpro-
vided, and a like tax annually upon thegain3,
profits, and income derived from any business,
trade, or profession carried on in the United
Stales by any person residingwithout the Uni-
ted States, and not a citizen thereof, or from
rents of real estate within the United States
owned by any person residing without the
United States and not a citizen thereof.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That in
estimating the gains, profits, and income of
any person, there shall be included all income
derived 1'roui any kind of property, rents, in-
terest received or accrued upon all notes, bonds,
and mortgages, or other forms of indebtedness
boaringinterest, whetherpaidornot, ifgoodand
collectable, jnterestupon notes, bonds, orother
securities of the United States ; andtheamount
of all premium on gold and coupons; the gains,
profits, and income of any business, profes-
sion, trade, employment, office, or vocation ;
including any amount received as salary orpay
for services in the civil, military, naval, or
other service of the United States, or as Sen-
ator, Representative, orDolegatein Congress,
except that portion thereof from which, under
authority oi acts of Congress previous hereto,
a tax of five per centum shall have been with-
held ; the share of any person of the gainsand
profits, whether divided or not, of all com-
panics or partnerships, but not including the
amount received from any corporations whose
officers, as authonzed by law, withhold and
pay aa taxes a per centum of the dividends
made, and of interest or coupons paid by such
corporations; profits realized within the year
from sales of real estate purchased within two
years previous to the year for which income is
estimated ; the amount of sales of live stock,
sugar, wool, butter, cheese, pork, beef, mut-
ton, or other meats, hay and grain, fruits,
vegetables, or other productions, being the
growth or produce of the estate of such person,
but not including any part thereof consumed
directly by the family; and all other gains,
profits, and income drawn from any source
whatever, but not including the rental value
of the homestead used or occupied by any
person, or by his family.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
military or naval pensions allowed to any per-
son under the laws of the United^ States, and
the sum of two thousand dollars of the gains,
profits, and income of any person, shall be
exempt from said income tax, in the manner
hereinafter provided. Only one deduction of
two thousand dollars shall be made from the
aggregate income of all the members of any
family composed of oneor both parents and one
ormore minorchildren, orof husband and wife;
but when a wife has by law a separate income,
beyond the control of her husband, and is living
separate and apart from him, such deduction
shall then be made from her income, gains, and
profits; and guardians and trustees shall be
allowed to make the deduction in favor of each
ward or beneficiary except that in a case of
two or more wards or beneficiaries comprised
in one family, having joint property interest,
only one deduction shall be made in their favor.
For the purpose of allowingsaid deduction from
the income of anyreligious or social community
holding all their property and theincome there-
from jointly and in common, each five of the
persons composing such society, and any re-
maining fractional number of such persons less
than five over such groups of five, shall be held
to constitute a family, and a deduction of two
thousand dollars shall be allowed for each of
said families. Any taxes on theincomes, gains,
and profits of such societies, now due und un-
paid, shall be assessed and collected according
to this provision, except that the deduction
shall be only one thousand dollars for any
year-prior to eighteen hundred and seventy.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in
addition to the exemptions provided in the
preceding section, there shall be deducted from
the gains, profits, and income of any person all
national, State, county, and municipal taxes
paid by him within the year, whether such per-
son be owner, tenant, or mortgager; all his
losses actually sustained during the year aris-
ing from fires, floods, shipwreck, or'ineurred
in trade, and debts ascertained to be worth-
less, but excluding all estimated depreciation
of values ; the amount of interest paid during
the year, and the amount paid for rent or labor
to cultivate land or to conduct any other busi-
ness from which income is derived ; the amount
paid for the rent of the house or premises
occupied as a residence for himself or his fam-
ily, and the amount paid out for usual and
ordinary repairs. No deduction shall be made
for any amount paid out for new buildings,
permanentimprovements, or betterments made
to increase the value of any property or estate.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
tax hereinbefore provided shall be assessed
upon the gains, profits, and income for the year
ending on the thirty-first day of December next
preceding the time for levying and collecting
said tax, and shall be levied on the first day
of March, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and be
due and payable on or before the thirtieth day
of April in each of said years. And in addi-
tion to any sum annually due and unpaid after
the thirtieth day of April, and for ten days
after notice and demand thereof by the col-
lector, there shall be levied and collected, as
a penalty, the sum of five per centum on the
amount unpaid, and interest on said amount
at the rate of one per centum per month from
the time the same became due, except from
the estates of deceased, insane, or insolvent
persons.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of every person of lawful age,
whose gross income during the preceding year
exceeded two thousand dollars, to make and
render a return on or before the day desig-
nated bylaw, to the assistant assessor of the
district in which he resides of the gross amount
of his income, gains, and profits as aforesaid ;
but not including the amount received from
any corporation whose officers, as authorized
by law, withhold and pay as taxes a per centum
of the dividends made and of the interest ot
coupons paid by such corporation, nor that
portion of the salary or pay received for ser-
vices in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United States, or as Senator, Bepresenta-
t.ive, or Delegate in Congress, from which tax
has been deducted, nor the wages of minor
children not received ; and every guardian and
trustee, executor or administrator, and any
person acting in any other fiduciary capacity,
or as resident agent for, or copartner of, any
non-resident alien, deriving income, gain?,
and profits from any business, trade, or pio-
fession carried on in the United States, or from
rents of real estate situated therein, shall make
and render a return as aforesaid to the assistant
assessor of the district in which he resides of
the amount of income, gains, and profits oi'nny
minor or person for whom he acts. The assist-
ant assessor shall require every such return to
be verified by the oath of the party rendering
it, and may increase the amount of any return,
after notice to such party, if he has reason to
believe that the same is understated. In case
any person having a gross income as above,
of two thousand dollars or more, shall neglect,
or lel'use to make and render such return, or
shall render a false or fraudulent return,*1110
assessor or the assistant assessor shall mako
such return, according to the best information
he can obtain by the examination of said per-
son, or of his books or accounts, or by any
other evidence, and shall add, as a penalty, to
the amount of the tax due thereon, fifty per
centum in all cases of willful neglect or refusal
to make and render a return, and one hundred
per centum in all cases of a false or fraudulent
return having been rendered. The tax and the
addition thereto as penalty shall be assessed
and collected in the manner provided for in
cases of willful neglect or refusal to render a
return, or of rendering a false or fraudulent
return. But no penalty shall be assessed upon
any person for such neglect or refusal, or for
making orrenderingafalsc or fraudulent return,
except after reasonable notice of the time and
place of hearing, to be regulated by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, so as to give the
person charged an opportunity to be heard :
Provided, That no collector, deputy collector,
assessor, or assistant assessor shall permit to
be published in any manner such income re
turns, or any part thereof, except such general
statistics, not specifying the names of individ-
uals or firms, as he may make public, under
such rules and regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Bevenue shall prescribe.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
when the return of any person is increased by
the assistant assessor, such person mav exhibit
his books and accounts and be permitted to
prove and declare, under oath, the amount of
income liable to be assessed ; but such oath and
evidence shall not be conclusive of the facts,
and no deductions claimed m such cases shall
be allowed until approved by the assistant as-
sessor. Any p"rson may appeal from the decis-
ion ot the assistant assessor, in such cases, to
the assessor of the district, and his decision
thereon, unless levelled by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, shall be final. The form,
time, and manner of pi oeeedings shall be sub-
