1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
declared. But the Legislatures established after
and in pursuance of the act of March 2, 1867,
were legal Legislatures, and could do many
legal acts. . .
As my colleague from the Cincinnati dis«
trict [Mr. Stevenson] well said, when a pro-
visional Legislature ratifies an amendment to
the Constitution, and the State is afterward
admitted to representation, the act of admis-
sion by Congress relates back and validates all
the acts done by the provisional Legislature
during its legal existence as a provisional
Legislature.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
hold that an act of Congress can of itself make
a ratification of a constitutional amendment
legal that was not legal before 1
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will not undertake to
settle the constitutional question whether a
ratification by a legal provisional Legislature
is not per se just as valid when required by
law, as is the ratification of any permanent
State government. But I do say that upon all
legal principles the act of admission of a State
relates back and validates all that has been
done by a legal provisional State Legislature.
That subject is treated in the law-books under
the head of '' Relation.'' Gentlemen will find
it in Cbmyn's Digest and .in Dane's Abridge-
ment and various other law digests, where the
whole subject is fully considered, as every
lawyer knows.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to inter-
rupt the gentleman for a moment at this point.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The difficulty the
gentleman falls into is this : he confounds the
provisional State government with the govern- j
ment which succeeds it. Now, it is true that |
the act admitting a State relates back and ,
gives validity and vitality to the acts of the j
provisional Legislature; but it does not add ,
any validity to the acts of the Legislature I
which was superseded by that Legislature, i
There was a provisional government in each
one of these States, set up by President John- ,
son, without authority of law and without
constitutional authority. That government was
superseded by the present government, which
did not get full vitality and force until, by an
act of Congress, we authorized it to go to work.
One other question, for I do not want to inter-
rupt the gentleman again. I would like the
gentleman to tell me why the officers of the
provisional government, if it was provisional,
have never taken the test-oath.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 will reply to that point
directly. Mr. Speaker, I am surprised, I am
amazed that my able and learned friend from
Illinois, after his long experience in this House
and his long experience on the Reconstruction
Committee, should announce the doctrine that
he has just stated. Why, sir, let me read to
the gentleman a clause of the act of March,
1867:
"Thai until the people of the said rebel States
shall by lajr be admitted to representation in the
Congress Of the United States, the civil government
that may exist therein shall be deemed provisional
only."
Has Georgia yet been admitted by law? No,
 iTi The government, then, is provisional; and
so were the governments which succeeded
Andrew Johnson's until the States were admit-
ted into Congress.
Now, let nie illustfate this doctrine of rela-
tion. How was the State of California organ-
ised? A voluntary convention of the people,
without authority of law, organized a State
government, which elected Senators, who,
with Representatives elected by the people,
presented themselves for admission into Con-
gress. Although those proceedings were un-
authorized, Congress by an act admitted the
State of California into the Union; admitted
her Senators and Representatives thus elected
without authority of law; and upon the doc-
trine of "relation," so well understood by
lawyers, so well established in the law books,
that act of admission related back and vali-
dated what the people of California had pre-
viously done without authority or law. I he
same thing took place in part in the case of
Nebraska and Nevada.
Mr. STEVENSON. In confirmation of the
position which my colleague [Mr. Lawrence]
is maintaining, I want to call his attention to
the case of Phelps vs. Cavanaugb, a contested-
election case from the State ot Minnesota in
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and reported in a
volume of contested elections. The committee
in that case reported, and the House confirmed
the report, that—
" Where an election of members of Congress isheld
prior to the admission of a State into the Union, the
act of admission relates back to and legalizes every
act of the territorial authority exercised in pursu-
ance of the original authority conferred.
That is the doctrine which was affirmed by
a Democratic Congress.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkidge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have
never had any difficulty about these provisional
governments in the Territories. But my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] who is learned
in the law, who loves the Constitution, and
would never willingly depart from it, will do
me a favor if he will tell me. in what provision
f' of the Constitution he finds any authority on
I, the part of Congress to put a State of this Union
j, under a provisional form of government, as he
I calls it.
I Mr. LAWRENCE. I will answer the gentle-
(; man. Congress has the power, Mr. Speaker,
44 to admit new States into this Union." When
it a State government has been broken up and
[ destroyed, so that there is no vestige of it left,
j! as the State governments which existed in the
!! rebel States in 1860 and 1861 were broken up
■ and destroyed by rebellion, leaving those States
without any civil government at all, Congress
then has the power to admit new States. Con-
gress has the additional power to guaranty to
the people of every one of those States a re-
publican form of government. Under those
two powers Congress may authorize a provis-
ional government preliminary to the admission
of the State, preliminary to the reorganization
of the completely reconstructed State, just as
Congress, under the power to admit new States,
may provide a territorial government in aTer-
I ritory, preparatory to the admission of that
Territory as a State into the Union.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. My friend from Ohio is
too good a lawyer to expect that any lawyer of
this House can believe what he has just stated;
and he is too good a lawyer to claim even that
his answer is fair or candid, or is even an
attempt to answer the question which I put to
him. I have not asked him about Territories,
and I have not asked him about any State that
may have lost its State government; but I ask
him to point out to me the constitutional pro-
vision in which, he finds the power given to
Congress to establish a provisional government
in a State of this Union. I waive the question
with regard to conquered territory ; I waive the
original question with reference to these States,
although I do not admit the gentleman's posi'
tionin regard to them. But, sir, when the State
of Georgia and also the State of Tennessee, to
! which the gentleman has referred, are placed
in such a position as they are, by, as I think,
the usurpation of Congress, I ask himby what
provision of the law or the Constitution he is
justified in claiming that a provisional govern-
ment exists in any State of this Union?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman's question is a little different from what
I supposed the prior one to be. His inquiry
i now relates to the power of Congress to estab-
I lish a provisional government in a State which
; has a lawfully existing government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A State in this Union.
Mr. LAWRENCE. A corporate as well as
a geographical State, the gentleman means. I
say candidly that Congress has no power to go
into Wisconsin and organize a provisional
government there until Wisconsin shall cease
to have arepublican form of government, or un-
less, in the exercise by Congress of the power
under the Constitution to preserve and protect
as well as to establish a republican form of
,, government, it shall become necessary to pre-
! serve the republican form of the government
of the State. I do not think the gentleman
and I will differ much about that.
One word in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois. He asks me why, if Georgia was a
provisional State, were not the Governor, the
members of the Legislature, and other State
I officers required to take the test-oath. Mr,
Speaker, the question whether these officers
i were, under the laws, required to take the test-
oath is a question about which lawyers differ.
That subject, a few days ago, when Virginia was
discussed in the Senate, or possibly it may have
been Mississippi, was fully discussed, and the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
made a learned, profound, and able argument
| on that subject. He argued that under the
I; existing laws these officers were bound to take
the test-oath; but the Attorney General de-
cided in the case of Virginia that these officers
were not bound to take the test-oath. That
was his construction of the law. But when he
made it 'he did not undertake to decide that
the government which existed in Virginia was
not provisional; but the result and the infer-
ences to be drawn from bis opinion are that
Virginia, to which State his decision more par-
, ticularly applied, was a provisional govern-
ment ; for he went on in his opinion to say the
Legislature might meet merely to perform acta
i which the reconstruction acts of Congress
! required, to wit, to ratify the constitutional
amendment and to elect Senators, and that
was all they could do lawfully under the recon-
struction acts. So far hi3 opinion confirms
the view I take as to the provisional character
of the government. His opinion of the law as
to taking the oath is one which I do not feel
i required to indorse or to controvert now.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
; am reluctant to thrust myself in among those
athleteaof reconstruction, for really I have had
little to say upon this subject; but I wish to
understand what the gentleman means by a
i provisional government. His enunciations are
J so new to me that I wish to understand him
!| thoroughly. I believe in the course of his
remarks he said that Georgia was a provisional
government, and that some of the other States
' lately in rebellion were also provisional gov-
ernments.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Texas yet has a pro-
visional government, and so has Georgia.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I understood
him to say that these provisional governments
had ratified amendments to the Constitution of
; the United States.
Mr. LAWRENCE.' Georgia and otherpro-
visional State governments did.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Now, I nnder-
, stand that a provisional government is one not
! tensed upon the freewill of the people, but one
i established for the time being, arbitrarily or
otherwise, by some superior power until the
sj people have an opportunity to establish a free
; j eivil government. Now, if it be true that these
! \ provisional governments have ratified the fif-
'; teenth or any other constitutional amendments,
i and if they are such governments as have beea
considered provisional by everybodyberetofore,
" are these amendments legal, and is the ratifi-
cation sueb as was designed by the framers of
the Constitution ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The provisional gov-
ernments organized under acts of Congress
were, organized by a vote of the people. The
military authorities merely protected the peo-
ple in the exercise of their right of suffrage m
the establishment of a civil government.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is there not a
distinction between a civil government estab-
lisbed by the will of the people and a provis-
ional government?
Mr. LAWRENCE. A provisional govern-
