404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
General of the Army to the district commander
in Virginia wonderfully confirms my confidence
in the wisdom and integrity of the present ex-
ecutive administration of. our Government.
Well, sir, the Attorney General in due time
rendered judgment in the case submitted ; in-
deed,- he -rendered two judgments. • One was
pronounced on the 28th day of August last, and
ihe other on the 25th of September, nearly a
month later. In the first lie concludes that the
Legislature of Virginia, without taking the test-
oath, can act on the fifteeenth amendment, but
can do no other thing. In the second, after
a month's further consideration, he concludes
that the Legislature can, without taking the
the test-oath, do just one other thing, to wit,
elect United States Senators to represent the
future State in this or some other Congress. I
will read these opinions in fall:
Attorney General's Office,
August 28,1869.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of July 27, I860, in which you request
my opinion "upon so much of the questions sub-
mitted in the letter of the commanding general of
the first military district,dated the 10th instant, and
accompanying papers, copies of which are inclosed,
as refers to the legal qualifications of officers to be
elected under the proposed;constitutionof the State
ofVirginia.andespecialiyuponthequestion whether
persons elected to office in such State under said
constitution are required by the supplemental re-
construction act of July 19. 1807, to take and sub-
scribe to the oath prescribed or referred to in section
nine of said act before entering upon the duties of
their respective offices."
The latter question is the only one indicated with
s.uch distinctness ns to enable me to be fullysatisfied
that its purport is apprehended, and I therefore
confine my answer to that.
By the statute of April 10, 1869, the registered
voters of Virginia were authorized to vote on the
question of tho adoption of a constitution for the
fc>tatc, and at the same time to elcct officers under it,
subject to the approval of Congress. The vote has
been taken in pursuance of the pro visions of the act,
and the election held, and some parts of the consti-
tution submitted have been adopted by the people
aiid others rejected. The parts of the proposed con-
stitution thus adopted, if they shall be approved by
Congress, will be the constitution of Virginia, under
which all its officers will be required to act; and the
qualifications as well as tho duties of those officers
Will be determined by it. "When Virginia is restored
to its Proper relations to the country as a State of the
Union its, officers and Legislature will be such as the
constitution of the State provides, deriving their
powers from that instrument; and it will clearly not
be in the power of .Congress to impose any require-
ment of additional qualifications upon them differ-
ent from those which under the Constitution of the
United States may be required in all thefckates. If,
theretoro, any tests were to be imposed upon mem-
bers oi tho Legislature not provided by the consti-
tution oi Virginia, or any restriction imposed upon
the people of tho btate in their choice of officers not
recognized by it and not made applicable under the
l egitimate power of Congress to all tho States, the
licgislaturo and officci-3 would not, in my opinion,
bo the Legislature and officers of Virginia under its
constitution. I do not see that Congress can under-
take to furnish tho State with a suitable Legislature
to start with, or to exorcise any control over its com-
position winch could not be exercised ovor subse-
quent Legislatures. I am therefore of opinion that
the oath prescribed by the statute of 1862, and by the
statute of July 19,1867, chapter thirty, section nine,
required to be taken by all persons "elected or
appointed to office in said military districts, under
any so-called State or municipal authority." is not
to bo required of the officers of the State of Virginia
or members of the Legislature elected under its new
constitution.
It does not seem to me that the provisions of this
ninth, section, which are applicable to the govern-
ment or the State under military authority, were
i to apply to the Legislature and officers
?t - ^ 18 to  k0 restored to its proper
of' *e u1110,?' ?n-d by whom the government
• 1S- , administered after its restoration,
thn confirmed by a reference to
tho second section of the samo act, which authorizes
the commander of any district named in the act "to
i°5 r?.move (r0,m office, or the performance
official duties and the exercise of official powers
any officer or person holding or exercising or pro!
fessing to hold or exercise any civil or military office
or duty in said district under any power, election
appointment, or authority derived from or granted
by or claimed under any so-called State or the gov-
ernment thereof, and to detail a competent officer
or soldier of the Army to perform sueh duties.
it would be impossible to suppose that Congress
tion ofn a Legislature, under the constitu-
^3 j. ' ??• have its members appointed bv
a detail from soldiers of the Army. The only rea-
sonable conclusion seems to me to be that it was not
intended tb at any such Legislatu re should be allowed
S-oilTacf.un.til reconstruction was completed,
* ? limited and quahiied purposes requi-
site to reconstruction. 41
But, on the other hand, I fully concur with the
view of the general commanding in Virginia that
under the reconstruction acts of Congress no officer
or legislator is competent or should bo permitted to
exercise any of tho functions or power of his office
within that State, except so far as those acts them-
selves provide, without taking the oath which is
referred.to in the statute of 1867, above quoted. The
act of April 10,1869, requires the Legislature to meet
at a time which it designates. That it is to meet
implies that it is to come together for some purpose.
It is required, under the previous law, to act upon the
question of adopting the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States before the ad-
mission of tho Stato to representation in Congress.
I am of opinion, therefore, that it may come together,
organize, and act upon that amendment; but that
until Congress shall have approved the constitution
and the action under it, and shall have restored the
State to its proper place in the Union by recognizing
its form of government as republican and admitting
it to representation, the Legislature is not entitled,
and could not without violation of law be allowed to
transact any business, pass any act, or resolve, or
undertake to assume any other function of a Legis-
lature if the test-oath has not been required of its
members; and that no officer elected under the new
constitution can enter upon the duties of his office
without taking the oath while military government
continues.
Very respectfully, E. It. HOAR,
Attorney General.
Hon. John A. Rawlins, Secretary of War.
Attorney Qeneral's Office.
September 25,1869.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date, referring to me for ruy
opinion a letter addressed to the Secretary of War
by General Canby, dated September 24,1869, which
asks whether tho Legislature of the State of Virginia
is authorized to elect Senators of the United States
at the session which commences on the 5th of next
month, and desires that that question may be sub-
mitted to the Attorney General for his opinion.
_ The general views which I entertain of the func-
tions of the Legislature of Virginia elected in pursu-
ance of the provisions of the act of Congress of April
10,1S69, have already been fully indicated in an opin-
ion transmitted to the Secretary of War under date
of August 28,1869. I came to the conclusion that the
members of the Legislature were not required to
take tho oath referred to in section nine of the stat-
ute of July 19,1867, in order to qualify them to actas
such members ; that it was competent under the law
ior tho Legislature to meet, organize, and do what-
ever was required or allowed by the acts of Congress
as preliminary to the reconstruction of tho State:
but that it was not competent for them to undertake
to enact laws or otherwise to assume any of the func-
tions of the government of the State if organized
without taking tho oath above referred to, or if any
of its members could not or did not take that oath.
Upon a careful consideration I am of opinion that
tho election of Senators, like voting upon the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
of the United States, is a part of the action contem-
plated by Congress as preliminary to a restoration
ot the State to its full relations to the Government of
the United States as one of the States of the Union.
Ihe Senators thus elected would have no power or
authority until the Senate of theUnited Statesshould
have passed upon the validity of their election and
admitted thorn as members of that body. Under the
act of April 10,1869. the election of members of the
House ot Representatives was permitted and has
taken place, and when Congress comes to act upon
the whole question or the reconstruction of the State
it would seem equally proper that members clected
to both branches of the national Legislature should
present themselves and be ready for admission to
seats in the respective Houses. Tho election of Sen-
ators does not seem to me to transcend tho action
which comes within thehmited and qualified purposes
requisite to reconstruction, but rather to be essential
to the completeness of that action, and I think that
the military commander shouldnot interfere with or
prevent it.
Very respectfully, E. R. nOAR,
t> Attorney General.
The President.
The district "commander and the Attorney
General differed then on two points. They
agreed on all others. But the points on which
they differed were vital, and decided the con-
troversy. The district commander believed
that the Legislature of Virginia could neither
act upon the fifteenth amendment nor elect
United States Senators without first taking the
test-oath. The Attorney General overruled the
district commander on each of these two points \
but they both agreed in the opinion that the*
Legislature could not, without taking the test-
oath, perform any other act whatsoever. The
opinion of the Attorney General prevailed in
Virginia. The test-oath was not administered,
ihe Legislature ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment and chose United States Senators.
Now, sir, if you will exclude from consider-
ation all extraneous matter, and go at once to
the marrow of this controversy, you will find
that the real difference between General Canby
and Mr. Hoar is this : General Canby believes
that only by an approval "of the Virginia con-
stitution would Congress substitute the oath of
that constitution for the test-oath as a pre-
requisite to any legislative action. The Attor-
ney General, admitting that, declares that when
Congress by the act of April 10, 1809, author-
ized the Legislature to meet and act upon the
fifteenth amendment it virtually approved that
State constitution so far as to authorize that
body to act upon the amendment after taking
the oath prescribed in the State constitution
itself. Upon this poiut I think the Attorney
General was right. In my judgment when we
authorized that Legislature to meet and act
upon the fifteenth amendment we adopted,
pro hac vice, the oath of office prescribed for
the Legislature of Virginia by the new constitu-
tion of that State. In my judgment we virtually
declared such action of Virginia should spring
into life and become of absolute validity as the
action of a State Legislature upon the admis-
sion of the State and final approval of her con-
stitution by Congress, or fall dead to the ground
upon the rejection of the State or the consti-
tution. In my judgment the State Legislature
provided for by our laws had 110 authority to
take any action except upon the fifteenth
amendment, either with or without the test-oath.
If the district commander had seen fit to permit
that body of men to legislate upon other sub-
jects it would certainly have been competent
for him to do so under those provisions of the
laws enacted for the government of the rebel
States which place all offices and officers under
the absolute control of the district command-
ers. Without his authority under those laws
they could do nothing. But the moment they
should proceed to act under that authority
they would cease to be the State Legislature
particularly provided for in the Virginia bill,
and would become a provisional Legislature,
a mere legislative council, the creature of the
will of the district commander. They would,
of course, in that case be obliged to take the
iron-elad oath of 1862.
Let us suppose now that the test-oath had
been applied to the Virginia Legislature before
its ratification of the fifteenth amendment. It
is probable that a large number of members
would have been evicted by the application of
that oath who were eligible under the four-
teenth amendment. Because, while almost all
the whites of Virginia went into the rebellion,
and so feU under the ban of the iron-clad oath,
it is certain that notwithstanding the universal
mania for office-holding that raged in that
Commonwealth there were many who never
held office, for want of offices to hold, and yet
went into the rebellion. Suppose that General
Canby had by the imposition of the test-oath
ejected these men, either filling their seats or
leaving them vacant, and that afterward Con-
gress had approved the constitution and
admitted the State to representation in Con-
gress, what would have become ofthese evicted
members? What would have become of their
successors, if successors had been chosen ?
Ihe strange phenomenon would be presented
of a Legislature turning itself wrong-side out to
ratify a portion of the fundamental law of this
great Republic, and then turning itself right-
side out to legislate for hog-reeves and path-
masters.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of my
colleague m what instance have we required
the members of the Legislature of any recon-
structed State to take whathe terms the ''test-
oath?"
Mr. PAI±vL.^ I have not said that the mem-
bers or the Legislature of any State have been
required to take that oath or ought to be re-
quired to do so. I do not exactly understand
the pertinence of the question.
_ But, Mr. Speaker, doesnot'the same reason
ing which establishes the Attorney General's
position that the Legislature of Virginia could
act upon the fifteenth amendment without
