2660
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
April 13,
would demand that those ballot-boxes should
be produced. But the sitting member and his
agents never came before the committee with
any such request. They never asked ns to
send for those ballot-boxes.
Now, there is another large and important
question involved in this case. I will simply
name it. I say that without throwing out any
poll, proceeding merely on an examination of
the individual votes, there is enough in this
report of the committee to satisfy, I think, any
man, without regard to his politics, who will
investigate the faets, that this contestant is as
fairly elected as any man who sits on either
side of this House. But then we have in
addition to that the outrages and disregard of
law in the fourth division of the twenty-fifth
ward of Philadelphia. The poll in that division
was brought before the senate and house of
Pennsylvania, and it was rejected. It was
tried before the four judges of Philadelphia.
Two voted to reject and two to purge, and the
whole four purged that poll and threw out
51 votes. The committee has allowed the
benefitof every doubt and the benefit of all the
legal presumptions in favor of the right to vote
where the ballot has gone into the box; and
that very poll which was excluded by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania on the joint report of
the committee of the senate and the house,
which was rejected by two judges in Philadel-
phia, and was purged by four judges to the
extent of 51 votes—that poll is purged by this
committee down to 33 This is all that is asked.
On that alone, without any other correction,
without requiring the establishing of any other
proposition which I have stated, that alone
destroys the report of my friend who consti-
tutes the minority of the committee and elects
Mr. Taylor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the iirst resolution from the Committee
of Elections, which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
J'enolved, That John Tt. Heading is not entitled to
a seat in this House as Representative from the fifth
congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. .RANDALL. What has become of the
substitute which I submitted V
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire a vote on the substitute separately? The
same question is involved.
Mr. RANDALL. [ desire a test vote on the
admission of Mr. Taylor.
The SPEAKER. The next resolution in-
volves that.
Jlr. HOLMAN. I desire a division on the
iirst resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, i shall ask the yeas and
nays on that resolution, and shall consider the
result as indicative of the view of the House
as to both.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas lli, nays io, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Aspcr, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Barry,
Bo.unari, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Boyd,
George IVI,Brooks, ljuck, Bulfinton, Burchard, Bar-
dctt, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
Amasa Cobb, Cook,Conger. Covode,CowIes,Cullom,
Dcgcncr. Dixon, Duval, Ela. Farnsworth, Ferris*,
i'eny, Pinkclnburg, Fisher, GKlUHan, Hale, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge,
llotch kiss, Alexander H. Jones, J ulian, Kelley. Kcl -
logg, Kclouy, Kctcham, Knapp, Logan, Loughridge,
Maynanl. McCarthy, McGrew, McKcp, Mercur,
Ltiakim II. Moore, ,Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrcll,SamuelP. Morrill. Myers,Negley,
O'Neill. Ortli, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Perec, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosscr,
Sawyer, Sehenek, Scoficld,Lionel A. Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strong, Taffc, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twiehel), Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
William B. Washburn. Walker, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Villa rd. Williams, John X. Wilson, andWiteher—-114.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bird. Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Lux, Eidridge.Gctz.Gnswold,Ilaldeman,
Bambleton. liamill.llohnan, Johnson.lverr.Lnott,
Marshall, Mayham.McNeely, Milnes.Mungen, Nib-
lack, Randall, Beeves, Rogers, Sehumaker, Sherrod,
Sloeum, Stiles, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Auken, Voorhees, Wells, Lugeno M. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Barn urn, Beatty,
Benjamin, Blair, Booker, Bowen, James Brooks,
Buckley, Roderick It. Butler, William 'i\ Clark, Sid-
ney Clarke, Clinton!. Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Pitch, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Haight, Hawkins, Hays, Hoflin,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Jonckos, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lynch, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, MeKenzie, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Piatt,
Porter, Potter, Reading, Rice, Ridgway, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shobor,
Joseph S.Smith,Stone, Stoughton, Stradcr, Strick-
land, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Wilkinson, Winans, and Winchester—67.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WINCHESTER stated that he had
paired upon this question with Mr. Dyer. He
(Mr. Winchester) would have voted "no,"
and Mr. Dyeb would have voted "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
second resolution reported by the committee;
which was as follows:
Resolved, That Caleb N. Taylor is entitled to a
seat in this llouso as Kepresentativc from the fifth
congressional district of Pennsylvania.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Caleb N. Taylor then appeared and
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 18G2.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE rilESlDBNT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Poiiteii, his Private Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles, namely:
An act (II. R. No. 001) declaring the consent
of Congress to the erection of a crib in Lake
Erie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for the pro-
tection of an inietforawater-works tnnnelabout
to be constructed by said city; and
An act (H. It. No. 3 713) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for salaries of Uni-
ted States ministers for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution to annex the republic of Dominica, for
the purpose of reference.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
grenville m. bodge.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, asking that an appi opriation of
$5,000 be made to enable the Secretary of War
to satisfy a judgment obtained against Grenville
M. Dodge, late an officer of the United States,
and others, for acts done by them in the line
of their duty.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the communication will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims. It belongs to
that committee, and not to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. ALLISON. It is not a claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER. As the communication
gives rise to debate the Chair will withdraw it.
fortification appropriations.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a request made by the
Committee on Military Affairs, transmitting a
statement of theamountof money appropriated
up to the present time for fortifications and
other works of defense; wliifch was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed. '
THIRD ARKANSAS tORWlE'ER CAVALllf.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,, laid
before the House a. camteunicatio'n from the
Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution of
the House adopted March 80, 1870,- directing
him to communicate to this House a copy of
the proceedings and finding of a' military
commission held in the seventh army corps
and department of Arkansas at Little Bock,
Arkansas, in June,-1864, to- investigate the
manner of the enlistment and organization of
the third Arkansas volunteer cavalry, together
with the testimony taken before said com-
mission; also a copy of the evidence taken
and report made by the judge advocate who
made inquiries into the enlistment and organ-
ization o't' said regiment in the toonth of Feb-
ruary or March, 1885, at Lewisbtirg,- Arkansas.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed. : r •
SOtUIA BBBL6.K;
Mr. BURCHARD asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the fifes
of the House the papers ia the ctse of Sophia
Beeler. ...
d. t. iiewe3.'
Mr. DUVAL asked and obtained unanimous
consent tc have withdrawn from the files of the
House the papers in the case of D. T. Hewes.
TAMM BILL.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the Special
order.
The motion was agreed try.
The House accordingly resolved it&elf into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 10G8) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending paragraph as it has been amended by
the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all manufactures of mixed materials, silk being
a component material of chict value, not otherwise
herein provided for, CO per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]'moved to add to
the paragraph what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
On webbing composed ofsilkand rubber, or of silk
and rubber and other materials, silk being the com-
ponent material of chief value, used ill the manufac-
ture ofshocs, 23 per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ilhode Island [Mr. Jenck.es] moved to amend
the amendment by striking out "2o" and
inserting "f>0."
Mr. JENCKES. I withdrawtheamendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. BuTLEr.,, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out " 2-5 "
and inserting "o0." I desire that gentlemen
shall understand this question, and then I shall
have no doubt as to how it will be decided.
This is the contest which arose the other
day here between the shoemakers and rubber
manufacturers. I ouly desire that the webbing
which goes into the manufacture of shoes shall
bo subject to a tariff that shall not be substan-
tially prohibitory. There is in iny district a
manufactory of this rubber Webbing: but in my
judgment it would be cheaper to pension for
life every man engaged in this manufacture
rather than keep up this tariff. This webbing
involves a manufacture which is protected
largely by patents. My friend from Rhode
