1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5493
have an opportunity after I get through with
the appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am afraid not.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator from
Maine yield or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.' The Senator
perceives that there are half a dozen other
gentlemen on the floor who want to make simi-
lar requests.
Mr. POMEROY. We do not want any ar-
gument about it. The Senator knows whether
he yields or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should yield
to the blandishments of the Senator 
Mr. RAMSEY. Prom Minnesota, on the
Duluth bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would yield
to the Senator from Kansas if it were possible
to yield to anybody ; but here is the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] with another
proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely want to offer a res-
olution for information.
Mr. R.AMSEY. The Dukith bill is all I
have got now.
_Mr. DAVIS. I ask to submit a resolution,
with the consent of the honorable Senator
from Maine.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Seuator from
Maine yield 
Mr. RAMSEY. To the Senator from Min-
nesota?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No: I do not
yield to anybody.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator yields to me I
understand, to offer a resolution calling for
information.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a sort
of morning business, and I do not know that
I can object to that.
Reynolds and brown.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish the
Senate with all the papers and evidence on file in
his office connected with the claim of Reynolds &
Brown, for brinks furnished the UnitedStatcs in the
town of Natchez, State of Mississippi.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2369) making additional appropria-
tions, and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870, and June
SO, 1871, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
army appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 2082) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30,1871, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Cameron, and Mr. Warner.
civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R, No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the most reasonable
amendment that has been offered to this bill.
I trust there will be no opposition to it.'
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I cannot think of with-
drawing it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean to call
everybody to order who is out of order. The
Senator from Minnesota must address the Chair
if he intends to make a motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am addressing the Chair.
Mr. DRAKE. And from his place.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable Senator
from Missouri sits just in front of the Chair,
and can catch his eye every moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is any
question before the Senate let us go on with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. To provide a free telegraph
for the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted, That in order to reduce
the expenses of the Government and to render un-
necessary the annual appropriation of about thirty
thousand dollars to pay for telegraphic messages
between the United States and Europe, the consent
of Congress is hereby given to George W. Riggs and
Hiram Barney, and all other citizens of the United
States associated with them, to land and operate a
telegraphic cable between the United States and
Belgium, subject to such regulations as Congressmay
establish: Provided, That the United States shall
have tho right to the free use of said cable to the
amount of $30,000 in each and every year, and that
the rates for messages shall bo regulated by tho Gov-
ernments of the United States and of Belgium.
Mr. NYE. I wish to understand from the
Senator from Maine whether he accepts such
an amendment as that on this bill. If he does,
I have got a few of the same sort to offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. What possible objection can
there be to it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call the Sen-
ator to order. The Senator must address the
Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I have two or three sim-
ilar bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Nevada appeals to the Senator from
Maine and asks a question, and the Senator
from Minnesota, without addressing the Chair,
thinks proper to intervene.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will address the Chair, if
that is considered very important.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to the
Senator addressing the Chair while I am on
the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. There can be no reason
for objecting to this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine has the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I simply wish
to say that if such propositions as this are to
be put on the bill at this late period of the ses-
sion we might just as well abandon the bill. I do
not propose to argue it; but I ask the Senate
to vote it down.
Mr. RAMSEY. It simply proposes free
telegraphic communication without a cent of
cost to the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say that there is a bill
reported from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations which they considered very carefully,
on which they heard this Mr. Barney once,
twice, three times, providing for a cable be-
tween the United States and Belgium. I under-
stood that Mr. Barney was dissatisfied with the
bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and that he took an appeal to another
committee of this body, and you have the
report of that committeenow before yon, differ-
ing in some respects—I know not precisely in
what—from the bill of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. Now, I do not like to inter-
fere at all 
Mr. NYE. I have a proposition for a tele-
graph to the Bermudas, which means another
line across the Atlantic; but I did not suppose
such propositions were at all germane to this
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is very possible that the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
may differ from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on this subject j but I am sure there
is no ground for objection to this proposition.
It will relieve the Government from the ex-
pense of a vast amount of telegraphing, and I
cannot imagine what possible objection there
can be to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend to ex-
plain 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me appeal
for one moment to my friend. Does he think
it a good thing 
Mr. RAMSEY. A capital thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I do not
appeal to the Senator at all. I address myself
to the Chair, and I submit, without saying any-
thing about the character of these propositions,
it is not a good thing at this day in the session
to put any one of them on this bill. If this
is put on the Senator from Nevada notifies us
that he has one.
Mr. SUMNER. I have two or three.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And then the
Senator from Massachusetts has two or three.
Mr. RAMSEY. If either of these gentlemen
offer a proposition as fair as this, as liberal as
this, as generous as this to the Government,
1st it be put on the bill. Here is an opportun-
ity for the Government to get the communi-
cation which now costs them $30,000 a year
free of all expense. It is because it is so free,
because it is so liberal, because it is so gener-
ous, that these gentlemen oppose it. That is
the only thing I have to say.
Mr. NYE. I wish simply to say that I have
a couple of bills of this same character, which
I am disposed to move if this should be adopted,
as liberal in their terms, which will involve
considerable discussion and the reading of
several long documents.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Min-
nesota knows he cannot pass the amendment.
Why does he not withdraw it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Why should it not pass?
Mr. NYE. If this proposition is to go on
this bill, then I have one or two amendments
that I wish to add to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
be alarmed by any such threat as that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of tho
Interior to extinguish the title to the lands known
as the Black Bob Indian reservation, in the State
of Kansas, containing 83,393 acres, more or less, $83,-
482 50, the same to be held in trust for the use and
benefit of said band, and for the purchase of a new
home in thelndian territory, as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct: Provided, That the said lands
shall thereafter be subject to sale to actual occupants
in quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres to each head of a family, at the price of S3 50
per acre, payment therefor to be made in the lawful
money of the United States within one year from the
date hereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I understand that amendment. I suppose
the Senator will explain what it means. 1 am
told it comes from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I do not see precisely the effect of it.
Mr. ROSS. I made a partial explanation
of this matter some time ago, when I offered
this amendment on the Indian appropriation
bill. It will be remembered, perhaps, that I
withdrew at that time, not because, as the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada now suggests, it
was not appropriate to that bill entirely, but
because I did not desire to delay the passage
of that bill at that time. This, however, is the
last opportunity I shall have to get this in the
shape of a law at this session ; and it is a mat-
ter of great importance to a great many people,
white people as well as Indians, in Kansas. I
trust that the honorable chairman will agree
to it and consent that it shall go upon this bill.
I am prepared to debate this question at some
length; but I do not desire to do so unless it
