1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
taking the test-oath destroy his position that
that Legislature could choose United States
Senators also,' whether with or without the
test-oath? We have authorized that Legisla-
ture to meet and to vote upon the fifteenth
amendment in advance of our final approval of
the constitution of Virginia. But how and
when and where have we authorized an election
of Senators in advance of such approval? I
ask the attention of the House to this reasoning
by which the Attorney General in his second
opinion attempts to escape from the position
which he had taken in his first. This is the
new style of logic which was to introduce to
Congress without subsequent retroactive and
confirmatory legislation two full-fledged Sen-
ators from Virginia. I repeat his exact words:
*' Under the act of April 10,1869, the election of
members of the House of Representatives was per-
mitted and has taken place; and when Congress
comes to act upon the whole question of the recon-
struction of the State it would seein equally proper
that members elected to both branches of the na-
tional Legislature should present themselves and be
ready for admission to seats in the respective
Houses."
But the trouble is that while the law author-
ized the election of Representatives it did not
authorize the election of United States Senators,
and that ends the argument from the former
to the latter. Then, why did we permit the
election of Representatives in July last, instead
of deferring it until after we had approved the
constitution and enacted that the State was en-
titled to representation ? Sir, the reasons are
fresh in the recollection of every gentleman
present who participated in the legislation affect-
ing the reconstruction of Virginia. We author-
ized the people of Virginia to vote for Repre-
sentatives in Congress on the same day on which
they voted on their constitution and for their
State officers, to save them from the trouble and
expense of two general popular elections when
only one was necessary. Was there any such
reason for authorizing the election of United
States Senators? Of course, in the nature of
the case, there could be no such reason. The
Attorney General's views of the " proprieties''
of the occasion might have been in order as an
argument addressed to Congress when the bill
was on its passage last spring, and might pos-
sibly have, induced Congress to insert in the
law a provision authorizing the election of
United States Senators; but in the absence
of any such provision his suggestions will prove
but a slender substitute for it. It might be all
very fine to have Senators and Representatives
knocking at our doors before the constitution
is approved ; but it matters little how very fine
it would be so long as there is not any law for
it. It is true, sir, that we have by law author-
ized the election of Representatives. But it
will be time enough for them to cometoWash-
ington when they are invited by an act of Con-
gress approving their constitution and declar-
ing the State entitled to representation. _ As
for the Senators, we not only have not invited
them to present themselves in this Capitol at
any particular time, but we have not as yet
even authorized their election. Therefore, I
would by the new act give to that election the
validity which it has hitherto lacked.
Mr. Speaker, for all legislative acts in Vir-
ginia except the ratification or rejection of the
fifteenth amendment and the election of Sen-
ators thedistnctcommanderand Attorney Gen-
eral are agreed that the test-oath is an abso-
lutely indispensable prerequisite. It seems to
me that this position cannot be assailed with
even the semblance of an argument. I know,
sir, it has often been said on this floor and
elsewhere that a contrary doctrine was as-
serted by certain members of the Fortieth Con-
gress in a dispatch sent to the Governor of
Louisiana in 1868. Once for all I wish to deny
that any such view was asserted or counte-
nanced by that despatch. I will read it:
W ashington, June 30,1868.
To Governor Warmoth, New Orleans:
We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States are not eligible to your Legis-
lature. This is to be determined by the respective
Houses, but no oath can be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAMES J?. WILSON,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. F. EARNSWORTH,
H. E. PAINE,
liecomslruelion Committee.
It was our joint work and was drawn with
very great oare. It was sent, not to the dis-
trict commander, but to the newly-elected Gov-
ernor of Louisiana. It was sent not before but
five days after the enactment of the law by
which the Louisiana constitution was approved.
By that approval the oath prescribed in the
State constitution in pursuance of the four-
teenth amendment had been substituted for the
iron-clad oath of 1862.
My conclusion, therefore, is that General
Canby was right when he permitted the Vir-
ginia Legislature to vote on the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
but was technically wrong when he permitted
that Legislature to choose United States Sen-
ators. So much for the action of the district
commander. The most important question
still remains, what shall Congress now do ?
Mr. Speaker, I deeply regret to perceive the
same misconception or misstatement of the
scope of the measures pending in the House
for the admission of Virginia which marked our
late debate on the Georgia bill. Gentlemen
on both sides of the House seem to understand
the question now to be whether the iron-clad
oath of July 2, 1862, shall or shall not be im-
posed upon the Legislature of Virginia. So
the opponents of the last Georgia bill seemed to
understand the question to be whether that iron-
clad oath should or should not be imposed upon
the Legislature of Georgia. "The test-oath I"
was ringing in our ears from the beginning of
that debate to its end. This devil's lantern lit
up every speech, almost every paragraph. The
test-oath was the nightmare on their affrighted
souls which they struggled with the energy of
despair to shake off. But, sir, there was no
such monster in that Georgia bill. There is no
such monster in this Virginia bill which has
been reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction.
The oath which covers the ground of the
third section of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States is one
thing ; the oath prescribed by the act of July,
1862, is another thing. The oath prescribed
by the act of 1862 is the work of our hands,
and our hands may reject it or destroy it. But,
sir, the qualification prescribed by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment of the
Federal Constitution is not the work of our
hands ; it has been written by the people in the
fundamental law of this Republic. To us is
given the power, on us is laid the duty of en-
forcing that constitutional provision by appro-
priate legislation. We shall be false to our Con-
stitution, we shall be false, sir, to our solemn
oaths, if we knowingly permit any State to
trample under foot this requirement of the
organic law of our country. The fourteenth
amendment provides that no man who swore
to support the Federal Constitution and after
that became a traitor shall hold an office, Fed-
eral or State; but the act of July, 1862, pro-
vides that no traitor shall hold a Federal office,
whether he ever swore to support the Consti-
tution of the United States or not.
Now, sir, we do not say to these people of
Virginia, "No traitor shall occupy a seat in
your Legislature." But we say to them, "No
man who first swore fealty to the Federal Con-
stitution and then rebelled against it shall
have a seat in your State Legislature." This
is the exact text of the constitutional pro-
vision :
" Article XIV.
"Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Rep-
resentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any ofiieo, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State, who
having previously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an officer of the United States, oi as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officer of any State, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall hu,ve engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
This is the text of the test-oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1862 ,\
" I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States
since I have been a citizcn thereof; that I ha'vevol-
untarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hostility
thereto; that I have never sought nor accepted, nor
attempted to exercise the functions' of atiy office
whatever under any authority or pretended author-
ity in hostility to the United States; that I have not
yielded a voluntary support to any pretended gov-
ernment, authority, power, or constitution within
the United States hostile or inimical thereto. And
I do further swear (or affirm) that to the best of my
knowledge and ability I will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States againstall enemies
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that X take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of
evasion, and that Twillwell a,nd faithfully discharge
the duties of theoffice on which I am about to enter:
so help me God."
The oath of our bill is in these words:
" I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as an
officer of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United Statos, and thereafter engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof;" or, "Ido solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I have been relieved from dis-
ability by an act of Congress as provided for by the
third section of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments of the Constitution of tho United States."
Sir, I have no doubt that we would have
been justified in going still further and adopt-
ing the oath of the Georgia bill. I know that
we were told that the oath imposed on Georgia
by our act of last month does in fact transcend
the scope of the third section of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States. And I was sorry, sir,, to hear my
friend from Ohio, the chairmau of the. Judiciary
Committee, in his speech against the bill to
promote the reconstruction of the State of
Georgia, lend his eloquent voice to such unjust
denunciations of that measure. They denounce
it as transcending the fourteenth amendment
in its reach and scope. But there are facts ill
the history of Virginia well known to these
gentlemen which should, I think, deter them
from urging any objection to the oath in the
bill now pending before the House. Let us
recall those facts.
Tho constitutional provision disqualifies for
office all who as State or Federal officers had
sworn to support the -Federal Constitution
and then went into the rebellion. The oath
of the Georgia act cuts off all who had held
State or Federal offices and afterward re-
belled. Why this difference of phraseology in
the statute and the Constitution ? The reason
of it is this: when we framed the fourteenth
amendment in the Thirty-Ninth Congress we
had in mind that clause of the sixth article of
the original Constitution which requires all
B^ederal and State officers to take an oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution of the
United States; so we had when we framed
the reconstruction act of March 23, 1867. We
assumed that this injunction of the Constitu-
tion had been obeyed in the South, as we knew
it had been obeyed in the North. We took it
for granted that in the South as in the North
all State officers had sworn to support the
national Constitution ; and so we provided in
the fourteenth amendment that all who as such
officers had sworn to support the Constitution
and then became traitors should be disquali-
fied for office. That provision, sir, construed
in the light of the sixth article, was tanta-
mount to a provision that all such officers who
became rebels should be disqualified for office.
Will the eloquent chairman of the Judiciary
Committee deny that ? Well, then, it was after-
ward charged that in this very State ot Vir-
ginia before the rebellion the sixth article
had been ill practice often, if not habitually,
disregarded; that officers ot the State had
