1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3605
withoat ioritin* sealed proposals for tho same from
the Ktvltr trade, to be opened iu tho presence of
tlie serriee naval officer in port, and the consul,
commercial or consular agent, if there be one, who
shall accord the contract to the lowest bidder.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I make the point that this
ia new legislation, and therefore not in order in
an appropriation bill. I am under the impres-
sion that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayxard] reserved all points of order on this
hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no knowl-
edge of that fact.
Mr. MAYNARD. Snch is my impression.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no recollection of any point of order being
reserved
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not dis-
tinctly informed whether the gentleman from
Tennessee or any other gentleman reserved the
right to raise points of order with reference to
the bill. If the right was reserved the Chair
is of opinion that this section is independent
legislation and cannot be considered. If the
right was not reserved, then it is too late to
raise the question of order now.
Mr. SCO FIELD. It is some time since this
bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole, bat my impression is that the gentleman
from Tennessee reserved points of order, and
that I believe is the gentleman's own recollec-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
the first I have heard of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My recollection is in ac-
cordance with what has been stated by the gen -
tie man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SARGENT. I recollect that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee reserved the right to
make points of order.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the Chair
if there is any record of that fact?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair accepts the
statement of the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sakgej>"t] and other gentlemen, that the
right to raise the objection was reserved. The
Chair rules that this section is independent
legislation, and cannot be considered a part of
this bill.
The section accordingly was stricken out,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the committee rise and report the bill to
the House with amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Ei-dridge reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, according to order of the House, had
had uuder consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, House bill
No. 1533, making appropriations for the naval
service for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1871, and had directed him to report back the
bill with sundry amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the
bill and amendments.
Mr. COX. I hope that the final passage of
the bill will bepostponed till to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER. Let us adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us windup
the bill to-night.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was first on
concurring in the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LYNCH. Is it proposed that they shall
be concurred in in the gross ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
that they shall all be considered as concurred
in, unless a separate vote is asked on any of
them.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by wtych the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at ten
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Edward
7. Yates, postmaster at Thomiston, in the town
of Plymouth, Litchfield county, Connecticut,
praying Congress to refund him $300, paid the
Post Office Department for stamps stolen from
his office November 17, 1868.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Robert Webe,
late lieutenant one hundred and nineteenth
New York volunteers, for pay.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of H. Cope-
land and 60 others, citizens of Ash Ridge,
Massac county, Illinois, praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea. coffee, sugar, and molasses.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of B. J. Stewart, of Greenville county, South
Carolina, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. JULIAN : A protest of 255 citizens
of Santa Barbara county, California, against
the approval of the present survey of the
rancho of Los Prietos-y-Najabaguyeya.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Henri-
etta L. Underbill, of Canandaigua, New York,
for relief.
By Mr. LOGAN.' The petition of Colonel
Oscar Malenburg, for increase of pension.
By Mr. SWANN s The petition of Mrs.
Mary Chichester, praying indemnity for losses
sustained dnring the war.
By Mr. TO WNSEND: Thepetition of Eliza-
beth McClay, widow of Samuel McClay, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of the &me for her hus-
band's bonnty.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chester, Penn-
sylvania, asking a survey of the port of Chester
and part8 of the river Delaware adjacent.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
F. G. Skinner aad 88 others, citizen* of New
York, praying for an appropriation of; thou-
sand dollars, to be used by the Commissioner
of Agriculture for the purchase and importa-
tion of choice specimens of stock for breeding
purposes.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Mag 19, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New>
MAN, D. D..
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
| tions adopted at a meeting- of the First Baptist
j Church Temperance Association , May 14,1870,
in favor of the passage of the bill to suppress
drinking-houses and tippling-shops, and to reg-
ulate the sale of intoxicating liquors in the
Distriet of Columbia; which were ordered to
He on the table.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
W. W. Cox; John E. Cooper, aad John T.
Hazeting, of Morgan county, Kentucky, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the seleot Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Milton S. Hodges, of Matthews county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee oh the Removal of Political Dis 
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Robert C. Speaker, of Halifax county, Vir-
ginia; of R. W. Harrison, of Rockingham
couhty^Virginia; of William G. Thompson,
Isaac Wright, Madison Mdore, and Erasmus
Coffinan, of Rockingham county,Virginia, and
of William J. Salmon, of Henry county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two memorials
of citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against
the extension of the patent of John Young for
wringing and washing machines; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
B. R. Sanders, of Texas, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of sell-
ers of household wringers of New York, remon-
strating against tho extension of John Young's
patent for washing and wringing machines;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a memorial of
sellers of household wringers in Burlington,
Vermont, remonstrating against the extension
of John Young's patent for washing and wring-
ing machines; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, asking the passage
of a bill granting land in aid of the construc-
tion of a canal for mining and irrigating pur-
poses from the mountain lakes in El Dorado
county, via Placerville, to the city of Sacra-
mento; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking the speedy con-
struction of a ship-oanal between the Atlantic
and the Pacific, across the Isthmus of Darien;
which was referred to the Committee ou For-
eign Relations.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Hiram
R. Rhea, private company G, third North Car-
olina mounted infantry, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received and am
charged with the presentation of a memorial,
signed by some three hundred eftifcens of the
State of Rhode Island, in which they represent
that there are inequalities among white male
citizens of the United States resident in that
State, sustained by the constitution and laws
of the State, in reference to the right to vote.
They represent that the two recent amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, the
fourteenth and the fifteenth, ought to be so
administered as to protect them; They repre-
sent that the constitution and laws of the State
of Rhode Island require that persons of foreign
birth, although naturalized citizens of the Uni-
ted States, shall own real estate to the amount
of some $150 or else they shall not vote. This
is clearly a Very obnoxious pr6vision, as I
think. I have for many /pairs insisted that
there should be no inequalities amortg citizens;
among male citizens especially, in the right to
•vote. I carinot see, however, that this pro-
vision of the constitution and laws of the State
of Rhode Island contravenes the amendments
tothe Constitution of the United States. There
is only one clause in those amendments which
affects the question in any way, and that is the
second section of the fourteenth amendment,
under which the State of Rhode Island will
necessarily suffer if she persists in practicing
this inequality among male citizens, and that
is in regard to the basis of representation.
That section of the fourteenth amendment
provides:
• "When the right to voto at any election for the
ehoioe of electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or tho
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants Of suoh State being twenty-
