1870.
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4549
the value of the franking privilege. We all
admit that; but, the Postmaster General has
time and again said that the objection is that
the abuse is incident to the use of it, atid you
cannot get rid of it without cutting the tiling
out by the root.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senatorallow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly;
Mr. CARPENTER. Has the Senator ever
known his frank to be forged?
Sir. RAMSEY. I do not know. I never
have looked at that particular matter closely
myself;*but I know that forged franks have
been sent away. I exhibited a specimen to
the Senate the other day to show how easily
the thing can be done. A name is simulated
on an envelope. The amount of business now
done through the p03t office is so great that it
is utterly impossible for any clerk or any officer
to inspect all the franks, and they pass without
detection. Then I have known cases where,
with a view of testing the question, simulated
franks were sent through the post, offlce'to a
correspondent at New York unobserved, ahd
returned to the sender here.
Then, again, you would suppose some dire-
ful thing was to occur if this franking privilege
be abolished from the pertinacity with which
Senators here oppose it. Why, sir, the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain repealed the frhnking
privilege there thirty years ago ; and of all the
empires of the earth none have been more
prosperous than that from that time to this.
In that great statute not only did tliey abolish
the franking privilege, but they reduced the
postage ; they initiated the free-delivery system,
and -all the modem improvements in postal
reform that we have got. They had them all
in that particular statute.
The Senator from Massachusetts is perpet-
ually contending that we must reduce the post-
age lower. SiV, we have taken every other
postal reform England gave us. Wedid reduce
our postage. We have a lower postage now
in every respect than they bare in England,
and have had for years; but one great reform
we have obstinately refused to accept, that is
the abolition of the franking privilege. Every
other one we have accepted. We have reduced
the postage which the Senator from Massachu-
setts contends for. It is the lowest postage
in the world now. In England everybody, from
the queen to the shoe-black, must use a stamp
on his letter before it is accepted at the post
office there ; but for thirty long years, notwith-
standing the perpetual urging of it upon you by
Postmasters General, and the exhibition Of the
frauds it induces and the inability on the part
of that great Department to make its accounts
balance, you have obstinately refused to abolish
this franking privilege. You have accepted
every other reform of the British office, but
this is refused. YTou transport a letter here
over three thousand miles of surface for three
cents. The Senator from Massachusetts con-
tends that our postage is high in comparison
with that of England. They charge two cents
for transporting letters over a superficial area
of one hundred and twenty-nine thousand
square miles, and we have three million miles.
There is no comparison.
The islands of Great Britain do not amount
ill extent to much more than the State of Min-
nesota, the merest spot upon our own niap.
We transport the mail over fifty thousand miles
of railroad ; in Great Britain and Ireland there
are about fourteen thousand miles of rail-
road. We do all that service for three cents.
The laborer^ the workingmen, the poorer
classes to whom this thing may be addressed,
do not estimate three cents here as much as
they do the two cents in England. Nor has
there come, as I said before, from all this
broad land one complaint about the amount of
our postage, not one request for us to reduce
postage below three cents. But what is asked
of us ? What the people ask, what they beg
us, what they pray us to do, is to abolish the
franking privilege; and that is what the Sen-
ator froth Massachusetts refuses. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] said the Senator from
Massachusetts was the leader of one great
reform. I presume he had reference to the
abolition of slavery. Neither the honorable
Senator from Nevadanor the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts suffered three cents in that.
There was no suffering to them in that; but
when the proposition is to abolish a privilege
to themselves, how persistently and how obsti-
nately they resist it!
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to appeal
to the Senator from Minnesota whether he Will
agree to a common consent of the Senate to
allow the Chair to put the question whether
the Senate will entertain this proposition On
this bill. I rise to make that suggestion now,
because it is obvious from what comes to me
that there are to be speeches made on this
measure,as there have been heretofore; and
if so, this appropriation bill is to be submerged
for the present, nobo'dy can tell how long.
Now, if by unanimous consent the question
could be put to the Senate, and let the Senate
decide the simple question of whether they will
put this amendment on this bill at all or not,
and if it is the sense of the Senate to put it on
the bill, then we can go on and discuss it;
otherwise, if it is not the judgment of the Sen-
ate that this should go on this bill, then we
may be brought to let that be a test-vote, and
it will save us all the trouble of a prolonged
discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate that the sense of the Sonate may be
taken a-i to whether they will incorporate this
proposition or some substitute for it on the
Post Office appropriation bill, so that if they
should decide in the negative the bill can be
concludcd, and if in the affirmative it shall be
open to debate and amendment. Is there
objection to taking the sense Of the Senate
upon it?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Iowa objects. The pending question is on the
amendment to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HAIILAN. It will require no more
time to decide this question now than here-
after.
Mr. CONKLINO. That is true.
Mr. HARLAN. The speeches will be no
longer if delivered to-day, probably, than if
they were delivered to-morrow. Those who
are opposed to this reform of course can well
Support the motion that is suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine. The friends of
the measure cannot support it, as a matter of
courac. I am in favor of the passage of the
lav/ proposed, and therefore am opposed by
unani;nous consent to putting it in the power
of a minority of this body to kill it. We all
know that in the Senate aminoritycan destroy
a measure by parliamentary tactics unless it is
put on as an amendment to all appropriation
bill, or some measure that is sure to receive
the final action of the body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator misinterprets my motion altogether. I
do not see in what sense my proposition is a
sinister one. If a majority of the Senate are
in favor of this proposition, it has simply to
manifest it and then it goes on the bill. But
suppose it turns out that a majority of the Sen-
ate are not in favor of putting it on this bill.
It is not a motion at all sinister to the general
proposition. I expect to vote for the bill to
abolish the franking privilege myself; but I shall
not vote for it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. IIARLAN. There is no immediate
emergency requiring the passage of this appro-
priation bill to-day. As I understand, it is a
bill making appropriations for the Post Office
Department for the next fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The next fiscal
year, my honorable friend will understand, is
pretty neatly at hand, and but one single ap-
propriation bill out of seven is yet passed, and
that the most inconsiderable of the whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I am aware of that. I am
aware that there are several other appropria-
tion bills to be passed, and on that account I
think it is manifest, and ought to be to the
friends of this measure, that if they expect to
get a vote upon it on its merits they will be
compelled to press it as an amendment to an
appropriation bill; for by the application of the
ordinary parliamentary tactics, that we all
understand very well, the whole time of the
Senate can be so consumed a3 to be applied
only in the consideration of appropriation bills.
Mr. President, the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Vermont in
my opinion ought not to be adopted. As I
attempted to explain yesterday, this reform will
diminish the physical labor of those who are
now required to frank official documents and
official correspondence. The Treasurer of the
United States has asked, in communications
that have been spread broadcast all over the
country, for the wisdom of engraving his name
on bonds of the United States, for the amount
of $10,000 or more ; engraving his name on
greenbacks ranging from one to one thousand
dollars in amount, and requiring him to con-
sume his time in writing his name on the en-
velope of an official package. In the latter
case the value of the signature is three cents ;
ill the former case, wherehis name is engraved,
the amount involved in each individual case is
frequently as great as $10,000. Now, why not
permit the officers of this Government to stamp
envelopes by machinery to be used by the
heads of Departments, instead of hiring men
and paying them salaries ranging from four
thousand to eight thousand dollars for the pur-
pose of signing their names merely ?
The Senator from Vermont insists that if
this reform shall take place in relation to Sen-
ators and members of Congress and postmas-
ters, still this physical labor shall be performed
by the beads of Departments. The necessity
of the reform is as great when applied to the
heads of Departments as when applied to Sen-
ators and members. The time of a Senator is
supposed to be worth $5,000 a year; of the
head of a Department, 558,000 a year. Why
are you to relieve Senators and members from
the performance of this physical labor and fur-
nish them postage stamps to be used on official
correspondence, which everybody knows will
be done, and not provide equal facilities for
the heads of Departments? Will it not be as
great an economy of time and money to extend
the reform to the heads of Departments as to
apply it merely to Senators and members?
There is no reason whatever for relieving Sen-
ators and members of this useless labor that
does not apply with equal force to the heads
of the Executive Departments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am alittle sur-
prised that a member of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads should charge me with
being in favor of imposing any increased labor
upon the heads of Departments over what they
have always been compelled to perform, while
that committee has not reported any bill for their
relief. If the committee had performed their
duty they would have brought in a bill here
providing some means by which the heads of
the Executive Departments would have been
relieved of some considerable labor in this
regard. I only propose to have this " unlieked
cub," I will not say from the Red River of the
North, put into some practical shape, [laugh-
ter:] so that if the measure passes, the Executive
Departments can in some way perform their
regular duty without, great inconvenience to
themselves or the public. I am in favor of
allowing the Departments to have printed or
engraved on their envelopes this or that ex-
ecutive department as a full and sufficient
stamp, and relieve them from the duly of
franking. But it is no part of my business to
report such a measure. That belongs pecu-
