3606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
one years of age and clttaens of the United States, I
or in any way abridged, except for participation in i
rebellion or other crime, the basis of representation ;
therein shall be rcduocd in the proportion which the
number of suchmale citinens shall bear to thewhole
number of male citiiens twenty-one years of age in
such State."
So that although I Cannot Bee that the law
or the constitution of Rhode Island conflicts
with either the fourteenth or fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
in its letter, though it may possibly do so in
its spirit, still I do see that the State itself, in
the basis of representation, may be called upon
to suffer. It ia an inequality which I think
ought to be remedied.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
in this connection if the Senator does not see
a practical difficulty in the way of any inter-
ference with regard to the voting of foreign-
ers ? Many of the western States allow for-
eigners to vote before they become natural-
ised citizens. Might not the citizen claim that
that was an interference with his rights, and
that Congress ought to prohibit it? I think
it is best to let the States'control this matter,
and let foreigners vote before naturalization
if they choose.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to discuss
the question. I was only about to say that I
think it wonld be in cumbent on any person who
has his attention called to the matter to intro-
duce a bill, that it may be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, that that committee
may examine the subject. The bill pending
before Congress at this time, I am st>rry to say,
does not provide for this class of disfranchised
persons. I think it ought to do so, but it does
not. I therefore present this memorial, with
the understanding that I shall hereafter intro-
duce a bill looking to the correction of thia
enormity, if it maybe Bo termed, of disfran-
chising white citizens, and I hope at an early
day the Committee on the Judiciary will report
a measure that will place white male citizens
at least on an equality with each other. This
is an enormity which ought not to be permitted
tinder the Government of tbte United States.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
oil the Judiciary.
UNION WITH BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received a memo-
rial, which I may not be able to present in con-
sequence of its being signed by persons who
are not citiiens of the United, States. I will
state, however, that the memorial represents
that since the abandonment of the reciprocity
treaty between this country and the British
North American provinces great embarrass-
ment exists over the line and great depression
of trade; that the policy of the British Govern-
ment. has been such that they have not been
able to foster and encourage their domestic
manufactures j that they depend mostly on agri-
cult ore ; that. they are losing twenty-five per
cent, on the profits of theiragriculture year by
year; and they represent that there are great
and controlling reasons why there should be a
union between , the British North American
provinces and the United States. They do not
ask in so many words for annexation, but for
a union honorable to them and to us. I am
not able to present the memorial beoaoae under
the rules of the Senate of the United States
and under our manner of proceedings persons
not citizens of the United States are not alio wed
to petition ; but I present the following resolu-
tion as thebasis of this memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
not now in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it bo read for the
information of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by a decision made three ti$es in
the Senate, once by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] -when occupying this chair as
Vice President, it was decided that petitions
from citizens or subjects of foreign countries
could net be received by the Senate, but could
be transmitted to the Department of StateJ the
Department through which we regulate our
intercourse with foreign nations, and if they
deemed it important they could transmit it to
the Senate, and thereby bring the matter before !
the consideration of Congress. There have
been several debates on the subject, in which
Mr. Webster, Mr. Calhoun, and others partici- 1
pated. That seems to be the settled policy.
Mr. POMEROY. I am aware of those de-
cisions. I present a resolution which merely
conveys the idea contained in the memorial.
I do not present the memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent to snbmit a
resolution bearing npon this memorjal, which
by the rules of the Senate he cannot present.
The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President bo requested, if in his
judgment it be deemed expedient, to open negotia-
tions with tlieUovemment of Great Britain, to ascer-
tain whether a union of the British North American
provinces with the United States of Amcrioaoan be
accomplished upon terms equally advantageous and
honorableto Great Britain, the British North Ameri-
can provinces, and the United States of America.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the resolu-
tion lift on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPBItS WITHDRAWN AND BKFERKED.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the papers
in the case of Rebecca C. Meeker, widow of
Captain James C. Meeker, a soldier of the war
of 1812, be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. There was a favorable report, and a
bill passed two or three years ago, but it did
not get through both Houses, so that I anj ;
within the rules, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT, That order will
be made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
446) to appoint an appraiser of merchandise
for the port of Mobile, have. directed me to
report it back with amendments, and recom-
i mend its passage; and I ask for its immedi-
i ate consideration. It is very short; it will take
but a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are going to take up
the Calendar in a day or two. The bill had
better b£ printed, so that we may see what it is.
Mr. SPENCER. It is very short, and there
is a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
accompanying it asking for its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. " 1 want to see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects.
Mr. DAViS, from the Committee on Glaims,
to whorii was referred the bill (S. No. 847) for
! the relief of J. Allen Porter, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No- 829) granting a pension to Jerry Gordon,
reported it with amendments* (He stated .that
thia report was agreed to by a majority of the
committee.) ■
Mr. SHERM AN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report aeitain amend-
I menta to the bill (S. No. 890) to reduce tax-
ation, and I ask that they be printed together
i with the bill, I also ask that.there be printed
i a table which has been earefully prepared,show-
j ing the amount of taxes to be repealed and the
details of the amo&at retained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
Mr. DRAKE,from the Committeeman Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
877) to regulate the pensions of the Navy and
Marine corps, and for other purposes, asked.to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee oa
Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mb. RAMSEY.. The Committee oa Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom waB referred
the bill (S. No. 675) to facilitate postal inter-
course with foreign countries, have directed
me to report it back without, amendment and
recommend its passage. Would there be an
objection to its consideration now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill just reported by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 602) to grant the right of way for
the Alameda road through certain lands in tlio
State of California, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of Asa
0. Butman, administrator of James A. Cut-
ting, praying to be allowed to apply for an
extension of his patent for making photo-
graphic pictures, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GILBERT, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2044j declariug
the bridge between Philadelphia and Camden
a post route, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Charles Town Smith, praying compen-
sation for services rendered as attach^ of the
United States legation at Madrid in the set-
tlement of the affair of the Black Warrior,
submitted an adverse report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibi-
tion free of duty,' accompanied by a petition,
signed by Mr. Gardner, chairman of the com-
mittee of photographers. I ask that it be
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 199)
providing for the admission of photographs
for exhibition free of duty; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
: consent obtained, leave to ihtroduce a bill (S.
No. 930) amendatory of the preemptions laws;
| which was read twice by its title, referred to
{ the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
! to be printed.
Mr. FENT0N. 1 have been recfuested to
present a bill, which I ask leave to introduce,
without committing myself to all its provisions.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 931) to regulate
: the seizure of books and papers, arid the drs-
1 position of the proceeds of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under the laws relat-
ing to the customs, and for other, purposes;
i which was read twice by its title, referred to
, tiie Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
■ Mr. COLE asked, and hy unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
982) for the disposal of coal lands and other
mineral lands in the public domain; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
PORTAL STATISTICS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Sumnee ; and it was agreed to:
Resolved, ThatthePostmaster.General be requested
to communicate to the Senate, from information at
the Department, answers to the following inquiries:
What were the expenses and receipts of the Post
Office in the different States and Territories during
the last year?
