5494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
'are hereby appropri-
is necessary to socuro the action that I desire.
If, however, objection is made, if the amend-
ment is resisted, I shall be compelled to speak
at some length upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. This, perhaps, would be
more germane to the Indian appropriation
bill; but it is an amendment that is very much
valued in our State, and would be a great re-
lief to our people. If the Senator from Maine
could see his way clear to let it go on the bill
without debate it would be a great relief to
very many people, and I think it would take
no money out of the Treasury. It provides for
the removal of a tribe of Indians and for reim-
bursing the expenses of the removal out of a
sale of their lauds. I never urge strongly the
putting on an appropriation bill of anything
not entirely germane to it; but this amend-
ment cannot be considered very foreign to the
bill; and if it goes on tlie appropriation bill it
will, I think, meet with no opposition, so far
as the House is concerned, because they have
recommended the same thing. I think the
Senator from Maine will have but little diffi-
culty with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do you say the
House have recommended the same thing?
Mr. POMEROY. So I understand.
Mr. ROSS. No; the chairman of the House
committee has.
Mr. POMEROY. Am I right?
Mr. ROSS. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs in the House has pro-
posed this bill; but I do not understand that
it is agreed to by the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amendment
reads:
For the purpose of enabling tho Secretary of the
Interior to extinguish the title to the lands known
as the Black Bob Indian reservation in the State of
Kansas, eontainingthirty-threo thousand three hun-
dred and ninety-three acres more or less, $83,482 50—
I suppose it means,
ated"—•
tho siiwg to be hold in trust, for the uso and ben-
efit of said band, andforthepurchnso of anew home
in the Indian territory, as the Secretary of tho Inte-
rior may direct.
This is the same proposition, I presume,
that we had before us on a former occasion
when the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
made some observations in regard to it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the same proposi-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was said then,
1 think by the Senator from Kentucky, but I
am not sure, that as a legal proposition there
was some complication in the title to these
lands. Whether these lands are in the In-
dians, or whether they have been divested from
the Indians, I do not know. But it occurs to
me that the Government may be involved in
difficulty. I suggest that to the Senator and
ask what the explanation is.
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to extinguish the title.
What does that mean? How is the Secre-
tary of the Interior expected to extinguish this
title? What title is he to extinguish?
Mr. POMEROY. The Indian title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has not that
title already been conveyed? And if we ap-
propriate $80,000, and it should turn out that
the Indian title has already been conveyed to
other parties, what will be the condition of
the Government.'1
Mr. ROSS. If my friend will allow me, the
fact about that is tliis: an attempt has been
made to secure from those Indians the title to j
a portion, a small portion only, however, of -
these lands. But no tide has been conveyed I
frorn the Indians to any person, because the j
regulations of the Department require that all j
conveyances shall be approved by the Depart-
ment before they shall have any effect what-
ever. I hese conveyances that have been made
hv the Indians, or that they have taken the
initiative toward making, are not approved by ;
the Department,and therefore have no force; j
and therefore the title still is in the Indians I
just as much to-day, in my judgment, as it was
before the attempt to execute these convey-
ances.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. ROSS. I shall be compelled to ask
for the yeas and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were, ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator, if it is just as agreeable to him,
to take this vote when the bill comes into the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that my col-
league desires to address the Senate on this
subject, and is prepared to do so.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to address the Senate
on this subject at some length. I will agree,
however, with my honorable friend from Maine,
if he will not raise the objection on atccount of
the lateness of the hour when the bill comes
into the Senate, to postpone my remarks until
that time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; I shall
not raise any question on this bill between this
and daylight.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to speak on this ques-
tion if it does take until daylight in the morn-
ing. I withdraw the amendment for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume my colleague
desires to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, and then renew the amendment in the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays will be regarded as withdrawn
and the amendment as rejected ; but it can be
renewed again in the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
bill on page 12, after line two hundred and
eighty-three, by inserting the following :
For a United States post office nnd court-house
atGreenville, South Carolina, &J5.0J0: Provided, A
suitable site be rriven tho United 8ta,tes: And pro-
vided further, That said building shall notcost, more
than tho sum hereby appropriated.
I wish to say in connection with this amend-
ment that the United States court holds its
session at Greenville, South Carolina, in the
month of August each year; that it has no
place to keep its records; that it is entirely
dependent on the county court for tho use of a
court-house. Greenville is now growing to be
a considerable town. It contains between three
and four thousand inhabitants, with a railroad
running to it, an air line running from Atlanta
to North Carolina, which will make it a con-
siderable town. As there is no post office, no
court room, and no place to hold the records
of the United States court there, I have ottered
this amendment,, and the Senate will observe
that it is guarded and restricted. There is a
proviso that not more than S2-3,000 shall be
expended on the building. I consulted with
the supervising architect of the Treasury on
the subject this morning, and he assured me
that a suitable building can be erected there
within the sum named. The building which
has just been erected at Wiscasset, Maine, forty
feet by sixty feet, which will be a building
! amply sufficient for this place. was built within
j the saw asked for here. §25,000. I hope the
■ amendment will bo adopted.
| Tho PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
; lion on the amendment, and declared that the
I noes appeared to have it.
| Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Clerk to read
\ the amendment again, so that Senators may
j understand it. I think it is amply protected
; against further appropriations.
! The Chief Clerk again read the amendment,
j Mr. WILLIAMS. Js Greenville the place
i where the United States court is held ?
! Mr. ROBERTSON. It is held there in ihe
month of August of each year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Vi hat is the size of the
place ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. About,three thousand
people, 'i he United States court is held there:
and they have got to depend entirely on the
county court for a place to keep their "records.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
I will again put the question on this amendment.
I The amendment was rejected.
! Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
! ment, to be inserted at the end of the first sec-
i tion of the bill f
| To enable the Secretary of War to defray the
. necessary expenses of the Bureau of Ordnance and
its officers, in connection with the court of inquiry
held in 1868 and 1869, and of which Major General
George H. Thomas was president, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider all the amendments which
have been offered, except the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations, when the
bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the payment for
transportation of public stores provided tor in tha
resolution for the relief of John -E. Reeside. passed
by the present Congress, shall be made to such per-
sons only as the Secretary of "War shall determine are
entitled to the same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that explained.
Mr. HARLAN. During the present Con-
gress the following law was passed:
"That the Quartermaster General is hereby author-
ised and directed to settle and pay, upon the bills of
lading, the accounts of John 1']. Reeside, for trans-
portation of public stores at the contract price, tor
the amount of public store3 actually transported
under his contract dated April 4, A. D. 1867, on route
No. 2, for Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico."
This was passed during the present Congress.
It was to enable the Secretary of War to cause
to be settled the cost of Army stores that were
actually transported at the contract price. The
contractor was compelled to surrender his con-
tract and give it up on account of Indian hos-
tilities and other difficulties, and this joint res-
olution was to enable the War Department
to settle with the parties who performed the
service. This little amendment is designed to
enable the Secretary of War to decide who are
entitled to it under this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand it
appropriates no money.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
seven, noes not counted.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill,
on page 17, after line three hundred and ninety-
nine, by inserting the following:
For repairing the stono piers belonging to tho
United States in the harbor ofjfev Castle. Delaware,
$2,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have an explanation of the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I am asked by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
explain this amendment. The United States
have owned for about eighteen or twenty years
past some stone piers in the harbor of New
Castle. They were built there for the protec-
tion of the commerce of the United States by
the Government of the United States. They
have been run into and injured considerably,
and during the past spiiug my personal atten-
tion was drawn to them by citizens of that
locality, who have memorialized Congress at
the present session. I am perfectly justified
in saying to the Senate that it would be judi-
cious economy that a sensible owner of prop-
erty would exerciso over his estate if these piers
were kept in proper repair. They were nut
there for a useful purpose, and have been use-
ful, and this sum of money is simply propo-'fd
to be expended upon Government pro'pem- for
the purooso of making it useful for the benefit
of the Government. I think it is a. judicious
and sensible expenditure, to be made of
under the supervision of the Secretary of War.
I trust there will be no hesitation in "adopting
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish now to offer the
amendment that I offered before. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] withdraws his
objection to it, having seen the statute to which
it refers. It had better come in as a proviso
