TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan u a it 12,
omitted to take an oath to support the Federal
Constitution. No man understands what I now
state tetter than the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The old constitution
and code of Virginia gave color to this charge.
The constitution adopted in 1851, and in force
when the rebellion broke out, contained no
specific allusion to any oath to support the
Constitution. of the United States. Section
nine of the schedule did require the members
of the Legislature to take the oath of fidelity to
the Commonwealth and the other oaths of of-
fice required by, the laws then in force. The
code of Virginia in force down to the outbreak
of the rebellion contained the forms of three
oaths to be administered to officers in that
State. The first was the oath of fidelity to tbe
Commonwealth of Virginia; the second was the
oath which related to dueling; the third was in
these words, 1' I swear that I will faithfully
perform the duty of my office to the best of my
skill and judgment: so help me God." No
where is the form of,<an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States to be found
in that code. It is true that the last section of
the chapter on oaths and bonds does provide
that an officer who neglects to take either of
the three prescribed oaths, or an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States,
shall, to use its precise,words, forfeit not less
than $100 nor more than $1,000. But, in the
first place, the oath was nota prerequisite to tbe
exercise.of the office; in the second place, the
punishment for omitting it, if ever inflicted,
was merely nominal; and finally, the chapter
is so arranged, I know not whether as the result
of stupidity or design, as effectually to conceal
the national oath. The chapter has this head-
ing, "What oaths officers generally take;"
and to this heading are prefixed references to
sections one, two, and three, and to no other
sections. These sections contain the three
prescribed oaths to which I have already re-
ferred. They contain no allusion to any oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States. Now, sir, what excuse could we give
for permitting this violation of the sixth article
to he made a pretext for a violation of the four-
teenth amendment ? Is one unpunished viola-
tion of the Constitution to be the means of
effecting another successful violation of that
instrument? If this charge is untrue, if no
civil officers in Virginia did before the rebellion
refuse or neglect to swear to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, then the peculiar
phraseology of the oath in the Georgia bill,
which I think we should adopt in this case, will
reach nobody who would not be also reached
by the oath if couched in the precise language
of the fourteenth amendment, and so nobody
will be harmed.
But suppose there is truth in the charge,
what then? Shall the people of Virginia avail
themselves of this, their own wrong, to evade
and nullify the third section of the fourteenth
amendment? Shall men be permitted to hold
office by swearing that they did not, after taking
an oath as State officers to support the Federal
Constitution, become traitors, if in fact they
became traitors after they had insolently tram-
pled on_ that Constitution by holding State
offices without swearing to support it? Is such
puerile work as this the "appropriate legisla-
tion" for the enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States? Is this trick to-succeed in this Capi-
tol? Has it defenders on this floor? Has it
even apologists on this side of the House? Is
the Legislature of Virginia to be permitted so
to spring beneath the fourteenth amendment
a mine charged before the rebellion began ?
Shall their contempt of the sixth article inure
to their exemption from the operation of the
fourteenth amendment? Can we he satisfied
when they in set phrase swear that they never
as State officers took the oath, if we know that
they held the offices and only failed to take the
oath because they were ignorant or careless or
case enough to violate that provision of the
Constitution which required them to take it?
Shall an oath which means nothing on their
lips satisfy you now because they laughed your
Constitution to scora before the war began ?
Mr. Speaker, we have a right to impose upon
the Legislature of Virginia such an oath as will
save the substance and spirit of the third sec-,
tion of the fourteenth amendment. Precisely
such an oath, sir, was that which we applied
to Georgia on the 21st day of the last month.
Precisely such an oath would I now propose for
Virginia if the issues of this contest were in
my hands. It is not the test-oath ; it is not the
iron-clad oath; it is not the oath of July 2,
1862 ; but it is based upon the third section of
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States. It is the appropriate
legislation for enforcing that section in Vir-
ginia; nothing more, nothing less. Sir, when
you come down to the oath in the bill now
under consideration, I can easily see why gen-
tlemen on this side of the House should object
to it as too weak, but how they can object to
it as too strong, I am at a loss to understand.
The loyalists of Virginia call for the iron-clad
oath. The Democrats, under Governor Walker,
demand to be exempt from all oaths whatso-
ever. I invoke the careful attention of the
House to the facts of the case, that gentlemen
may clearly understand what the consequences
will be if we impose upon that Legislature no
oath at all. The constitution of Virginia as it
came from the hands of the convention con-
tained two oaths to be administered to the
Legislature. The first was an oath promising
support of the Constitution and laws of the
United States and Virginia and recognizing the
civil and political equality of all men before the
laws. The second was the iron-clad oath of
1862. By our actof April 10,1869, we author-
ized the President, in his discretion, to submit
the section which contained this iron-clad oath
separately to the people for their ratification or
rejection. He did so submit it. It was rejected
by the people, as was also one other clause
which was separately submitted. The residue
of the constitution was ratified. The constitu-
tion, then, which they offer us to-day is on this
point essentially different from that which the
convention framed and which was first pre-
sented for tho approval of the Congress of the
United States. The Virginia constitution now
not only contains no iron-clad oath, but con-
tains no substitute for it. It is even destitute
of the oath based upon the third section of the
fourteenth amendment. No man is required
to swear that he has any qualification or is
exempt from any disqualification for office.
But, sir, by no action of this House have we
ever dircctly or indirectly pledged ourselves to
be content with anything like that. Look at
tho new constitutions of the other southern
States. In South Carolina every member of
the General Assembly must swear that he is
duly qualified according to the Constitution of
the United States and of that State to exercise
the duties of his office. In Arkansas he must
swear that he is not disfranchised by the Con-
stitution or laws of the United States or by the
constitution of the State of Arkansas; and by
the eighth article of that constitution all are
disfranchised who are disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States. In Florida he must swear that
he is entitled to hold office under the constitu-
tion of that State, which expressly disqualifies
for office all who are disqualified under the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States. In Alabama he must swear
that he is not disfranchised by the constitution
of that State or by the Constitution or laws of
the United States; and the seventh section of
the constitution of Alabama disfranchises all
who are disqualified for office by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States. In Texas every member of the Legis-
lature must swear, in so many words, that he
is not disqualified from holding office under the
fourteenth amendment ot the Constitution of
the United States. Iu Mississippi he must
swear that he is not disqualified from holding
office by the Constitution of the United States
or of the State of Mississippi. _
Mr. Speaker, for these provisions of the con-
stitutions of the States to which I have just
referred there is no equivalent, no substitute
in the constitution now offered for our approval
by Virginia. Why should there not be ? Why
should Virginia standalone? Stand alone, did
I say? No, sir; she does not stand alone;
Georgia stands by her side. She warns us by
her iniquity to shun in Virginia that mistake
which has proved so mischievous there. By
the constitution of Georgia her State senator:;
and representatives are required on oath
merely to promise to support the Constitution
of the United States and of that State, and to
declare that they have not secured their elec-
tion by money or other corrupt means. And
that is all the oath they are required to take.
This oath contains not the remotest allusion
to the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States or to any of its dis-
qualifications. And fearful is the penalty
which the country has paid for our temerity
in accepting such an oath, such a constitution.
Let us not repeat this mistake in Virginia.
I would have the members of the General
Assembly take the oath when the^ reassemble,
not as something heretofore required and still
undone, but as a new requirement necessitated
by the absence of any substitute for the oath
of their constitution which was submitted to a
separate vote and rejected by the people. I
would include this oath permanently among
the fundamental conditions, because there is no
other way to put Virginia on the same footing
in this regard with the other reconstructed
States unless we compel her to go through the
forms of amending her constitution by conven-
tion and subsequent popular ratification. I
would, if possible, avoid that burden and ex-
pense. But one thing or the other, the oath
by constitutional amendment or the oath by
fundamental condition, we must have.
I would not require the General Assembly
to act again upon the fifteenth amendment,
because the action already had on that amend-
ment was in strict conformity with. law. To
avoid all questions in the future I would pro-
vide that the choice of United States Senators
shall have the same validity as if previously
authorized by law.
But am I told that Congress cannot impose
fundamental conditions upon incoming States ?
Is that the meaning of the Attorney General
in his opinion of August 28 ? Sir, if there is
anything settled by the legislative history of
this Government it is that question. Funda-
mental^ conditions have been imposed upon the
admission of thirteen different States exclusive
of Georgia. And upon three of those States
they have been twice imposed ; once on their
original admission to the Union, and again upon
their readmission after the rebellion. Funda-
mental conditions were prescribed by Congress
for Missouri, Texas, Iowa, Arkansas, Califor-
nia, Florida, Louisiana, Kansas, Nebraska, and
Nevadaupon theiroriginaladmission, and upon
Arkansas, Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina,
South Carolina, and Alabama since their rebel-
lion. These are the precise words of the law:
" The State of Arkansas is admitted into tho Union
upon the express condition."
And the details of the condition follow. Ia
like manner—
The State of California is admitted into the Union
upon the express condition." * * * *
States of Iowa and Florida are admitted into
the Union on the express condition."
In the case of Louisiana the language of the
act of 1812 is:
Provided, That it shall bo taken as a condition
upon which the said State is incorporated into tho
union."
Again :
Missouri shall be admitted into this Union on an
equal footing with the original States in all respects
wnatever upon tbe fundamental condition."
