1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
of the United States declares that no amend-
ment to the Constitution shall be valid unless
propose by two thirds of each branch of Con-
gress, and unless ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the States. I assert that the.
Republican party, indorsing as I suppose they
do the views of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] whom they have put forward as
one of their leading lawyers and shining lights,
are before the world admitting that the Legis-
latures of those States were provisional; that
the people of those States were held by military
power, and had no civil governments at all, at
the very time they fastened the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments upon New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, and all
the other States. That is his doctrine, and
that I suppose will be held to be the doctrine
of the party. It certainly will be if this bill is
sustained.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me interrupt my
friend for a moment.
Mr. BECK. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not like to annoy
my friend by interrupting him. But I wish to
make a suggestion to him, simply because we
have heardso much of provisional governments
that it might lead some members of the House
and the people of the country to suppose that
such a thing as a provisional government was
recognized by our Constitution. I would like
to have the gentleman state the fact in his
speech in this connection that such a thing as
a provisional government is not known to our
Constitution, that it is a sort of creation out-
side of the Constitution, which has grown up
out of the state of society and condition of the
times rather than anything that has any founda-
tion in our constitutional Government.
Mr. BECK. Instead of repeating what the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
has said, I will say that I hope the reporter has
taken down his suggestions, which I will adopt,
because I believe them to be true. As I was
goingon to say, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] on yesterday sought to make
this House believe that the Senate had rejected
the Senators from Georgia at the same time that
we admitted Representatives on this floor from
the State of Georgia; at least his speech makes
that impression 011 the reader. Now, the fact
is that at the time Congress adjourned, in July,
18G8, after we had admitted Representatives
from Georgia, no Senators from Georgia had
been elected. If they had been, and had
presented themselves, there is no doubt that
they would have been admitted into the Senate
of the United States at the same time the Rep-
resentatives from Georgia were admitted into
this House. They would have been admitted
then just as Senators from the other southern
States were admitted, because by the common
consent of every branch of the Government,
the legislative, the executive, the judicial, and
the military, the State of Georgia had com-
plied with every requisition of every recon-
struction act as fully as North or South Caro-
lina, Florida or Alabama.
As has been stated here so often that it is
almpst folly for me to repeat it again, that the
credentials of those claiming to have been
elected as members of this House from Georgia
had been referred, with the credentials of mem-
bers-elect from other States, to the Committee
of Elections, and the chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Dawes] had reported them back
to this House.. The question has been asked
whether there was a report from that commit-
tee on those credentials. The Journal of this
House shows that the chairman of that com-
mittee reported upon the credentials of the
members from Georgia as upon the credentials
of the members from all the other States. The
chairman stated that he bad been instructed
by the Committee of Elections to report back
the credentials of Mr. Clift and Mr. Prince,
members- elect from the State of Georgia,'' that
State having ratified the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution) and in all other respects
having conformed to the requirements of the
law in regard to the admission of that State."
He then reported that those gentlemen will
take the oath prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862. The report of the Committee of Elec-
tions was agreed to, and Mr. Clift and Mr.
Prince appeared and qualified. That is what
your Journal records as the action of this
House in that case.
Now, what could be stronger? You had
declared that when these States did certain
things they should be admitted to represent-
ation in Congress. They did those things ; you
investigated the matter and decided that they
had done those things, did them not grudg-
ingly, but "in all other respects had conformed
to the requirements of tne law," and were,
therefore, entitled to be admitted to represent-
ation in Congress. You reviewed what you
had first declared they should do. After they
did do it you examined into their acts; you
approved them and admitted their Represent-
atives, and they sat here with you. And for
gentlemen now to get up and say that those
gentlemen were illegally admitted as Repre-
sentatives, were admitted by mistake or fraud,
is an after-thought to cover up what is now
proposed, namely, an illegal, unconstitutional,
; arbitrary, and despotic act of this Congress, if
{ this bill shall become a law.
\ Why, sir, the only objection the Senate had
to the Senators from Georgia when their cre-
dentials were before them in December, 1868,
, was that the Legislature of Georgia had wrong-
i fully expelled the colored members of that
| body, as the supreme court of the State of
j Georgia afterward decided. The majority of
• the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate
decided that because of the illegal acts of
that Legislature of Georgia "Mr. Hill is not
now entitled to his seat," putting emphasis
upon the word "now." They decided to in-
vestigate the matter further. They refused to
admit him to his seat then, not because the
State of Georgia had not been once fully recon-
structed, not because she had not fully com-
plied with all the reconstruction acts, but be-
cause the Legislature which had elected Mr.
Hill had, in the summer of 1868, after that
election, done an act which the Senate com-
mittee, or a majority of it, did not approve.
They therefore suspended him, and would no
admit him until that act of the Legislature
could be investigated. A minority of the com-
mittee, with its chairman [Senator Trumbull]
at its head, decided that the Senator from Geor-
gia was even then entitled to his seat. The
Senate, as snch, took no action on the ques-
tion, as I understand it.
What did the President of the United States
himself say in the message which he sent to
this Congress at the commencement of this
session ? I handed the message to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Parks worth] on yes-
terday, and he read it. I will read it again.
The President, in that message, says:
"Seven States which passed ordinances of seces-
sion bare been fully restored to their plaoes in the
Union. The eighth, Georgia, held an eleotion at
which she ratified her constitution, republican in
form, elected a Gover or, members of Congress, a
State Legislature, and all other officers required
The Governor was duly installed, and the Legislature
met and performed all the acts then required of them
by the reconstruction acts of Congress. Subsequently,
however, in violation of the constitution which they
bad just ratified, as since decided by the supreme
court of the State, they unseated the colored mem-
bers of the Legislature and admitted to seats some
members who are disqualified by the third clause of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, an
article which they themselves had contributed to
ratify."
Mark that. He is speaking of the same
Legislature which is now called an illegal body:
'' Under these circumstances I would submit to you
whether it would not be wise, without delay, to
enact a law authorising the Governor of Georgia to
convene the members originally elected to the Legis-
lature, requiring each member to take the oath pre-
scribed by the reconstruction acts, and none to be
admitted who are ineligible nnder the third clause
of the fourteenth amendment."
There, again, Was a full, unqualified admis-
sion by thvi Executive, in the message which
he sent to this Congress, that Georgia had in
all respects complied with the reconstruction
acts; that she was a State ; that she had duly
elected het Governor, her Senators, and her
Representatives, and had done all other things
that were required of her. And when, after
that message, we passed the act of December
22, 1869, the gentleman from Massachusetts
himself admitted yesterday that that act did
not of itself reduce Georgia to a territorial
form of government, nor make her Legislature
provisional, nor give the General of the Army,
Governor Bullock, or any one else, any right
so to treat her. It was, he said yesterday, the
previous acts, taken in connection with the act
of December 22, 1869, that authorized the
President to interfere and call Georgia again
a military district.
I admit that General Sherman, the General
of the Army, and General Terry, who was put
in command in Georgia, did attempt to treat
her as though she were a military district; but
I do not believe that the President of the
United States sanctioned the proceeding. If
he did it was a plain, palpable usurpation of
power, without even the poor plea of ignorance
to shield him. No man in this House will ven-
ture to assert that there is anything in that
law—the gentleman from Massachusetts him-
self said yesterday that there was not anything
in that law—to reduce that State to a territo-
rial form of government. If there is not, then
how did she come to occupy that position ? The
President had said to us in his message, on the
first Monday of last December, that the State
had complied with all the reconstruction acts
and was a State in full fellowship with all
others, and had ratified the fourteenth amend-
ment ; and' that it was because of her vote,
added to that of other States, that the four-
teenth amendment was ratified.
This being the fact, and the President know-
ing it, as he said he did in the message which
he sent us, and as the act of December gave
him no authority, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts admits, and as every intelligent man
on this floor knows, to change the condition
of that State or to do aught else than reassemble
the Legislature originally elected, to give them
a chance to purge their body—in view of all
these facts, if any gentleman on this floor will
get up and contend that the President has
reduced Georgia to a territorial condition in
violation of law, in violation of his own dec-
larations that she was a State, then I am ready
to announce to this House and to the country
that that act of the President was the most glar-
ing act of usurpation that ever was attempted
by any executive upon the liberties of a free
people. But I venture to affirm that no man
on the other side of the House will charge the
President with a crime so infamous or a vio-
lation of law so flagrant.
No, sir; General Terry went down there and
professing to act under orders from General
Sherman undertook to aid the Governor in car-
rying out his schemes. The Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, who have within the last
ten days fully investigated this subject, made a
report last Wednesday, Mr. Edmunds submit-
ting the report, which so far as appears i3 a
unanimous report, there being at any rate no
minority report nor any intimation of one; and
in this report the committee take the ground
that Georgia is a State—that she has complied
with all the reconstruction acts. They give the
orders of General Meade, the laws of Congress,
the indorsement by General Grant, his tele-
grams, Ac. All those things have been repeated
again and again upon this floor, and I myself
have twice read them before this House, show-
ing that according to the admission of all these
parties Georgia was a State.
I feel strongly inclined to read those laws,
orders, opinions, and telegrams again, though
I dislike to weary the House by so doing. I
know there is great force in what was said to be
a remark of Mr. Benton, as I bare no donbt
