1870.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
it was. that the finest figure of Bpeeeh in the
English language is ''ding-dong." Perhaps
the best way to make the Honse understand
this matter would be to "ding-dong" those
laws and orders into the ears of members until
no member could have any excuse for being
ignorant of the fact which every intelligent, can-
did man now knows that the position of the
Senate committee is right, and that Georgia is
and must be recognized as a State of the Union :
that there was nothing which authorized General
Terry to treat her aa a military district. I
believe on reflection that I will not read those
provisions of law, or the orders of the general
commanding. It would be assuming that mem-
bers of the House are ignorant of facts which
every intelligent man outside of these Halls
knows.
I hope every gentleman will get a copy of the
report of the Senate committee and read it for
himself. The committee go on to say that both
General Terry and Governor Bullock acted
illegally; that each acted illegally and that
they acted illegally in concert; that they acted
illegally in allowing a man by the name of
Harris, one of Governor Bullock's creatures,
to go into the Legislature and sit as presiding
officer and adjourn it when he saw fit, and
order it to meet when it pleased him; to act
as the autocrat of Georgia, not allowing the
Legislature of Georgia to organize itself and
to fix its own meetings and adjournments, but
compelling it to act in accordance with the will
of Governor Bullock. Here is what they say
in a few words:
"The law thus ascertaining the persons who were
to assemble then proceeds to direct that 'the said
General Assembly shall proceed to perfect its organ-
ization,' &c. No authority is conferred upon the
Governor todo it, nor upon the military commander.
The power and duty to perfect its organization is
conferred on the Assembly exclusively, by the very
words of the act. There is no room for inference or
construction."
They then go on to say:
"The members of the house of representatives
were caned to order by one Harris, not a member or
officer, but who had been designated for that, pur-
pose by the Governor. Some of the members* pro-
tested against this and attempted to elect a Speaker
pro tempore, but were prevented by said Harris and
bis assistants; and thenceforth, until the final organ-
ization of the bouse, Harris continned to preside
and to adjourn the body from time to time, accord-
ing to his own pleasure, without consulting the house,
and to determine what persons who had appeared as
members should be permitted from day to day to
take the prescribed oaths and take their seats."
They then go on to say that that was done
in violation of a plain provision of law.
"Upon this history the committee is constrained
to say, that in its opinion the before-stated action
of the military authorities was not authorized by
law.
" Hi* Legislature elected in Georgia under the acts
of Congress authorizing it was not a part of the gov-
ernment declared by the law not to be legal and to
be provisional, but it was a part of the new govern-
ment designed by Congress to take the place of the
provisional government as a permanent one. This
seems perfectly clear from the words of the law, and
this view of the subject was taken by the General of
the Army by his order to General Meade of March 2,
1868; (Meade's Rep., p. 24.) and again in tho same
way on the 29th of April, 1868, (Meade's Rep., p. 30,)
as follows:
" 'Washington, D. C., March 2,1868.
" 'The election proposed by the convention for offi-
cers under the new constitution I do not consider as
an election for officers under the provisional govern-
ment, referred to in section six of the aet approved
March 2,1867. It is clear to my mind that a proper
construction of section four of act approved March
Z>.1867, does not authorize district commanders to
fix or change the day of election after it haa been
designated by the convention.
U. 8. GRANT, General.
Major General Geobgk G. Meade,
Commanding Third Military Dittrict.'"
The committee farther say in this report that
the Governor was empowered to do one thing
only and that was to summon the members-
elect. Let me read:
"It has been suggested that the words in section
jonr entitled to compose such Legislature,' might
be construed to vest in the military commander the
Power to decide what persons were entitled to sit;
"yj it does not appear possible to do this in the face
ot the express prior provisions of the actgiving every
member the right of his own will to take one of the
oaths prescribed, and in the face of the subsequent
provisions declaring the interruption of any person
' elected as aforesaid' in taking the oaths and his seat
to be eriminal and punishable. But the clause in
question does not look to oonforring any authority,
but is only a definition or description of the persons
upon whom the law conferred the power to act, e.,
those who by Meade's proclamation were elected',
and who should swear in."
Then comes the other provision which I have
once already referred to in my colloquy with the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
"And in this connection, it is worthy of notioe that
when the act of December 22,1869, was under con-
sideration, this committee reported it with a pro-
vision making the Legislature ' provisional' until
the further action of Congress, and that provision was
rejected by the Senate."
The House will remember that we passed
the Senate bill without dotting an i or cross-
ing a t. In conclusion the committee report—
" Under the first-named resolution, that in the fol-
lowing respect, the organization of said Legislature
has not been warranted by law:
" 1. In the control and direction of its proceedings
by Harris.
"2. In the exclusion from taking the oaths and
from seats of the three members-elect, who offered
to swear in.
"3. In the seating of the persons not having a
majority of the votes of the eleotors."
They then wind up in these words, and they
are a more complete answer than I can make,
both to the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence:]
" In this eondition of affairs, inasmuch asthe errors
of the general in command, before stated, do not
appear to have worked any serious injustice in point
ot fact, and as the error in seating the minority can-
didates was committed by the house of representa-
tives^ the exerciso of a right ordinarily belonging
to it in the first instance; and inasmuch as it appears
certain that the term of office of the members of the
Georgia Legislature and of its State governmen t will
expire at the same time that it would have done had
the State been fully restored to its place in the Union
in July, 186S, and do not commence or run from tho
date of her future admission to representation, and
that without reference to what might bo the legal or
literal construction of the last clause of the second
subdivision of the first section of the third article of
the constitution of Georgia, in the following words:
' The General Assembly may by law change the time
of election, and the members shall hold until their
successors are elected and qualified,' any interpret-
ation of this constitution which should have the
effect to allow tho extension of the term of office
of the members of its General Assembly at their own
will and pleasure, an'd without a fresh expression
of the will of the people, would be contrary to
the essential principles of free institutions, and, if
carried into practice, subversive of a republican
form of government in that State, which would
authorize the constitutional intervention of the
United States to correct it; and it could not have
been the intention of the people from whose adop-
tion that-constitution derives its authority to confer
such a power as this construction would give, nor
could such have been the understanding of Congress
when it passed the act of June 25,1868; and inas-
much as the ehief body of those aggrieved by the
wrongs before stated is, upon the faith of this Con-
clusion of the committee in the respects last men-
tioned, willing to accept the existing state of things;
and as it appears to be of much importance to the
people of the whole country, as well as to the people
of Georgia, that the final and harmonious restora-
tion of all the States lately in rebellion to full rep-
resentation, privileges, and responsibilities as mem-
bers of the Union should be accomplished at the
earliest practicable moment, in order that the united
and friendly efforts of the whole people may be given
to the arts of peace and the means of true progress,
the committee feel justified in omitting to recom-
mend any further legislation on the subject of the
organization of the Legislature in Georgia."
While I do not claim that the unanimous
report of the Republican Committee on the
Judiciary of the Senate, composed of most of
its ablest lawyers, should control this House,
yet their conclusions should have more weight
and are entitled to more consideration than all
the loose assertions which can be made by the
gentleman from Ohio, and all special pleading
which has been attempted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] Butlmust
not dwell longer on that.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts
said he offered his amendment for the purpose
of preventing the members of the Georgia
Legislature from holding their seats longer
than the term for which they were elected, we
all knew that was not his object. His object
was to give a new lease of power, beginning
from the day this act takes effect, to Governor
Bullock and all his creatures, and to extend
the term of that Legislature which had been
illegally manipulated by General Terry and
Governor Bullock, so as to make them crea-
tures of their own, and that the Governor may
have the control of the finances of the State—
of its railroads, its stocks, its bonds, everything
that was subject of plunder ; that every com-
mittee of investigation which had been ordered,
and every attempt which had been made to
curtail the power of the Governor might be
suppressed, so that thev should have unbridled
license to ao as they pleased.
That is the meaning and the object of this
bill; and if the title of it was changed so as to
r?a<t' "A kill to give to Governor Bullock and
the Legislature of Georgia, as now organized,
absolute power over Georgia for two years
longer than the period for which the people
elected them j to free them from all respons-
ibility with reference to charges for past delin-
Suencies, and to give them a carte blanche to
o as they see fit"—if you gave it, I say, that
title, you would express the pith of it, for it has
that meaning and no other.
There is a remark in the report of the Senate
committee to which I desire to call attention.
The House will remember that the constitution
of Georgia provides that the members of tho
Legislature shall be elected for two years, and
senators for four years, and the Governor for
four years. All is distinctly prescribed. And
the only power given under the constitution,
which, according to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, makes a strange omission, is the same
as is given to every State in the Union. They
are to call an election on a certain day in
November 5 but they may by law change that
day. And the gentleman from Massachusetts
is fearful that the people of Georgia may suffer
great wrongs at the hands of the Legislature
now organized under the auspices of.Governor
Bullock and General Terry. He is afraid that
they will seek to perpetuate their power, and
he seeks to guard against that possibility by an
amendment. The people of Georgia ought to
be very thankful to him. As the Senate com-
mittee very well say, if the senate and assembly
of the State were to attempt to perpetuate their
own existence such an act would be—
"Contrary to the essential principles of free insti-
tutions, ana If carried into practice subversive of a
republican form of government in that State, which
would authorize the constitutional intervention of
the United States to correct it.
Yes, sir; and I say if such a thing were at-
tempted in Massachusetts—if any Legislature,
if any Governor, if any set of men, in violation
of the plain provisions of the Constitution, de-
claring that they shall be elected for two, four,
or six years, should refuse to make provision
for any future elections, and hold on to their
power and seek to maintain themselves in per-
petuity as the masters of Massachusetts—every
man in that State who is fit to be free, every
decent negro who had anjr appreciation of lib-
erty, would rise up and dfivfethern from power
and place; and, if it necessary to accom-
plish their purpose, they would hang them on
the limbs or evterv tree on Boston Common as
a warning to all future usurpers. And the peo-
ple of Georgia ought to do the same thing
if they have no other nieans of getting rid ot
those men, and my word for it they will, as
they have at least the spirit of men. On that
negroes and white men would all alike unite.
There is 110 danger on that score. It is a
mere pretext. This Legislature elected for
two years will surrender their authority at the
expiring of that period unless you give them
a new lease of power. The Governor of Geor-
gia will give up when his term of office expires
unless you give him a new lease of power. •
And the attempt to fasten that amendment upon
this bill was not for the protection of the peo-
ple, as it pretends to be, but was for the pro-
tection of the officers, against whose usurpation
it professes to guard, being designed to give
them the right to hold on, with all the chances
and opportunities they have, irresponsible as
they are, to control and deplete the treasury
