1876.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3607
What far the last five years has been the number
of letters annually mailed ?
Also, annual increase of money orders.
Also, annual increase of registered letters.
Also, annual increase of stamps and stamped
envelopes.
Also, annual increase in weight of mail matter as
returned by different railroads.
Also, annual increase of foreign letters.
Also, what is the proportion of letters to popula-
tion in th« United States daring the last year. What
in Great Britain according to the latest report?
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce
the rights of citizens of the United States to
vote in the several States of this Union, who
have hitherto been denied that right on account
of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Warner] to the substitute
of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator from
Maryland proceeds I will state that I hope we
may get through with this bill before we ad-
journ. I shall insist upon it so far as I am
concerned, and I shall ask my fellow-Senators
to stand by me.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, resumed
the floor, and concluded the speech he began
yesterday. [Itwill be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, as the Sen-
ate will remember, the honorable Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] addressed
yesterday, in the course of his speech, a per-
sonal appeal to me, with so much eloquent
earnestness that I am not permitted to- doubt
its sincerity; and I think courtesy requires
that I should respond to it in the same spirit.
He expressed his belief that I and thousands
of the children of my native land had come to
these shores for the purpose of enjoying the
blessings of liberty and self government: and
in arguing against this bill, intimated that
we would certainly consider it out'duty to do
all in our power to preserve and perpetuate
these inestimable blessings. In all these sup-
positions he was right 5 but I apprehend there
may be a serious difference of opinion between
the Senator frora'New Jersey and myself ag to
what those blessings of liberty and self-govern-
ment consist in, and as to the manner in which
they can and ought to be preserved and per-
petuated: and, inasmuch, as he has appealed to
me from nis point of view I think it is proper
that' 1 should appeal to bim and to his asso-
ciates from" mine.
I have listened to the arguments of Demo-
cratic Senators against this bill with mingled
pleasure and pain ; pleasure, when I noticed
Bow my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
TntfRMAN",] whose shrewdness on this floor
nobody is disposed to doubt, thought it proper
to confine himself to an attack on the details
of this bill, instead of launching into that gen-
eral denunciation of the constitutional amend-
ments and the legislation based thereon with
which Democratic Senators had made us so
familiar on former occasions. I might have
considered that a good omen had not some of
bis associates, less discreet and more impulsive
than he, hoisted the true colors of their party
and boldly declared that they did not believe in
the validity of the fifteeuth amendment, and
openly proclaimed their desire to see it over-
thrown. Then I could not but remember that
even the Senator from Ohio, in the opening
remarks of his speech, spoke of the fifteenth
amendmentasathingof only supposed legality,
though he, as a practical man, was willing to
base his argument upon that supposition, for
the reason that the ruling majority of the Sen-
ate were united upon that point. Well, sir,
this, it seems to me, opens to us a view rather
wider than the discussion of the technical points
which we have been listening to in the course
of this debate.
It brings back to our memories again the
fierce^ declamation hurled against all the con-
stitutional amendments by ourDemocraticasso-
ciates in this body; the bitter opposition raised
against all legislation designed to enforce them;
the vehement appeals in the name of liberty,
] of self-government, of State rights, and of all
j that is great and good, to leave the rights of
the newly-enfranchised class to the legislative
, action of the States exclusively; the acrimo-
nious charge that we were a revolutionary party;
. that we had already revolutionized the Consti-
i tution of the United States, and that we were
, about to subvert the whole system of self-
: government and all the political institutions to
which thiscountry owes so many of its blessings.
Now, sir, in responding to the appeal of the
Senator from New Jersey, and desiring to say
to him what I conceive to be the blessings of
1 liberty and self-government, and the manner
in which they ought to be sustained, preserved,
and perpetuated, I beg him to review with me
the field covered by the bill before us. We are
charged with having revolutionized the Con-
stitution of the country by the amendments
: recently ratified; and that charge is reiterated
so often that we have reason to suppose our
1 opponents must consider it a crushing argu-
ment. Well, sir, I do not deem it necessary
to enter a plea of " not .guilty." On the con-
! trary, I acknowledge the fact, and I suppose
| the Republican party is by no meails ashamed
of it. Yes, sir, this Republic has passed
| through a revolutionary process of tremen-
dous significance. Yes, the Constitution of the
United States has been changed in some most
essential points; that change does amount to
a great revolution, and this bill is one of its
legitimate children. Let us look those facts
in the face, and I think we may derive from
them some conclusions which may be of ser-
vice in the discussion of the provisions of this
bill. What was that constitutional revolution
which the Democrats denounce as so fearful
an outrage? In order to understand it fully,
we must cast & look back and. see what the
constitutional polity of the United States was
before the -civil war, according to the Demo-
cratic interpretation of the Constitution tben
prevailing.
Constitutions and constitutional construc-
tions do not spring from a mere process of
philosophical speculation and reasoning. They
grow out-of conditions, circumstances, events,
sympathies, prevailing interests. We all re-
member that the most powerful political inter-
est in this country for a long period previous
to the war was that of slavery. We remember
also that the slave power, finding itself at war
with the conscience of mankind, condemned
by the enlightened spirit of this age, menaced
by adverse interests growing stronger and
stronger every day, sought safety behind the
bulwark of what they euphoniously called local
self-government, and intrenched itself in the
doctrine of State sovereignty. , To be sure, it
made, from that defensive position, offensive
sallies, encroaching on the rights of the non-
slaveholding States, as for instance in the case
of the notorious fugitive slave law and the
attempt, to take possession of the whole terri-
torial domain of this Republic; but the doc-,
trine of State sovereignty was its main citadel,
its base of. operations. •
What was this dogma ? It was asserted and
accepted as a fundamental principle, as the
peculiarly democratic feature of our repub-
lican system of government, that the several
geographical and political subdivisions of this
Republic ealled the States should not only have
the right to govern and manage their own home
affairs, independent of all interference on the
part of ,the national authority, but also to de-
termine for themselves whether their whole
population, or only a part, and what part,
should participate in the management of their
common concerns, that is to say, in the func-
tions of self-government. In other words, the
doctrine was that the States had the right to
subject a large portion of their people to the
absolute dominion and despotic rule of another
portion, and to, determine at their discretion
by what means that despotic rule of man over
man should be set on foot and perpetuated,
no matter how flagrantly hostile those means
mightbe to the fundamental rights and liberties
upon which the whole fabric of free govern-
ment rests. That was the Democratic doctrine
of State sovereignty. It was called the princi-
pal safeguard of popular self-government, and
canonized with the name of true and genuine
democracy. And now look at some of those
monstrous political fallacies in which that doc-
trine of true self-government and genuine de-
mocracy resulted; and when I have stated them
you will at once discern their consanguinity
with the very arguments which have been urged
upon this floor against our constitutional amend-
ments and that legislation which is necessary to
enforce them.
It was held that true liberty implied the
right of one man to hold another man as his
slave. It Was held and believed that the United
States could not be a truly republican organ-
ization unless the several States had the power
to maintain and perpetuate undemocratic in-
stitutions. It was held that true self-govern-
me-nt consisted in the very fact that the several
States of this Union should have the power to
exclude any number, however large, of their
population from the exercise of all the func-
tions of self-government. In other words, you,
my Democratic friends, in the name of liberty
asserted the right of one man, under State law,
to deprive another man of his freedom ; in the
name of democracy you asserted the right of
one class of people under State law to rule
despotically over another class ; in the name
of self-government you asserted the right of
the States to exclude a large portion, some-
times even amounting to a majority of their
population, from all participation in self-gov-
ernment. Now, my friend from New Jersey
will permit me to say that I, and those who like
me left their old homes; did-by no means come
to this country lor the purpose of maintaining
and perpetuating such blessings, of liberty and
self-government.
Sir, you would search the history of the
aberrations of the human mind in vain for an
array of logical contradictions more glaring
and monstrous, for a structure of political fal-
lacies more bare-faced, more audacious, more
wicked, and more mischievous. There never
was a more transparent attempt to hide, the
most odious and arbitrary despotism under the
guise of democratic professions; and it is in-
deed surprising how such a tissue, of false pre-
tenses could ever have survived a moment's
unprejudiced scrutiny; but more surprising
still it is that even at this.day something akin
to it should find a voice on the floor of. the
American Senate.
Finally that structure of fallacies, still so
overshadowing but ten short y?ars ago, tum-
bled down. lt: fell after having heaped out-
rage after outrage upon the dignity of human
nature ; after having for generations befogged
the minds, corrupted thejogic, and debauched
the moral sense of the American people; after
having well-nigh poisoned our whole political
life; after having ijavolved this country in the
most irrepressible of conflicts. It fell; after
having arrayed man. against, man in bloody
struggle; after having devoured five hundred
thousand of the children of this Republic and
untold millions of our treasure. It was finally
overthrown by the shock of the great revolution.
Andwhat did, that revolution put in its place?
It gave us three great amendments to the na-
tional Constitution. The first ordains that no
State shall henceforth have the power to intro-
duce or maintain slavery or involuntary ser-
