1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4551
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. But that all heads of
Departments and persons connected with the
Departments and bureaus of the Government
here, with their clerks who now have the privi-
lege, so called, of franking, will still retain it.
Is not that the effect of it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not like that at all.
This so-called reform—a word that is applied
to a great many novelties in these days—is
based by its friends solely upon the abuse of
the franking privilege, and not upon the privi-
lege itself; not upon the expensiveness of the
so-called privilege; but upon the allegation
that the privilege is so far abused in the use of
it that the revenues of the Government are
seriously affected. It is the abuse, anrl not the
use, ofthe privilege ofwhich complaint,is made.
Now, sir, I shall not assert that Senators
and members of the other House of Congress
are more pure and upright in the use of this
privilege than other agents of the Government
who at present have it; but I shall be 'very
islow to admit that the whole fault ought to
fall upon members of Congress. I cannot
admit that this abuse grows solely out of the
use of the privilege by members of Congress.
I do not think we are the only guilty parties. I
think that other persons having this privilege
have abused it, certainly as much as members
of Congress or Senators.
We may safely assume that when a particu-
lar constituency elects a man a member of Con-
gress, or when a State Legislature elects a gen-
tleman a member of this body, they have ordin-
ary confidence in his integrity and honor; that
they do not presume that he will descend to the
low practice of abusing his franking privilege,
p.nd that we are at least as honest in this re-
spect as other men. I will not, therefore, single
myself out as a criminal party, knowing that
my use of the privilege has been honest and
fair. I will not voluntarily go before the peo-
ple and put in a plea of guilty to this accusa-
tion. I will not file a cognovit voluntarily, and
without any showing whatever against me.
This is going somewhat further than I suppose
it to be necessary to go in this matter.
Now, sir, I hope this amendment will not be
adopted. If we are to commence this so-called
reform let us strike at the root; let us abolish
the franking privilege according to the prayer
of the innumerable petitions which have been
sent to us from all parts of the country, signed,
as we are informed by the honorable chairman
of the Post Office Committee, by millions.
They do not ask for a modification of the frank-
ing privilege. They do not ask that it may be
taken away from members of Congress and
continued to other classes of persons who now
enjoy it. They ask for its abolition; that is,
its expurgation from the statute-books.
One word, sir, as to the amendment which
has just been adopted, I think, in the Senate,
offered by the honorable Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drake.] I voted against that amend-
ment, as I shall vote against the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont. ^ The
amendment of the Senator from Missouri has
the effect to retain in force a part of the second
section of the act of 1852, which provides that—
" Publisheis of newspaper and periodicals may
send to each other from their respective officer of
publication, free of postage, one copy of each pub-
lication ; and may alsosend toeach actual subscriber,
inclosed in their j^ublieations, bills and receipts tor
tile same, free of postage. Publishers of weekly
papers may send to each actual subscriber within the
county where tlieir papers are printed and published
one copy thereof free of postage."
Now, sir, have the persons designated in this
clause presented any remonstrance against the
utter abolition of the franking privilege in re-
spect to themselves ? No, sir; they have pre-
sented no such remonstrance. Not a single
name appears upon any paper presented to
Congress in the nature of a remonstrance on
the part of these gentlemen, the publishers of
county papers and others; and they kn&w just
as well as other classes in the community what
is meant by the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. They are willing, therefore, it is to be
inferred from their silence, that this measure
of reform shall affect them as much as it affects
any other class of the commuuity; and this
amendment about which I am speaking is a
mere gratuitous, unasked favor to the publish-
ers of newspapers.
Iam unwilling to grant it, and upon the same
principle that I am unwilling to extend the
same favor to the classes mentioned in the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
There has been no remonstrance from officials
of the Government anywhere against the abo-
lition of the franking privilege in regard to
them. They have said nothing about it, although
they understand the whole subject as well as we
do, and as well as any other class in the com-
munity do. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Vermont
will not be adopted. As I said before, let us
try this experiment.
Mr. MORTON. Clear through.
Mr. HOWARD. Clear through, beginning
at the root of the evil and destroying the
subject-matter itself, both the use and the
abuse. Then, certainly, there can be no com-
plaint. This is not what is asked for by the
petitioners. And, sir, I shall not now pledge
myself to vote any appropriation of stamps to
Senators or members of the other House to
take the place of the franking privilege which
they now exercise. I think that would lead to
a still greater abuse. It is not easy to foresee
the extent of the misuse which may be made
by members of Congress or other functionaries
of the Government to whom these stamps may
be granted by our statutes.
The petitioners must have foreseen, we must
presume, for we have a right to presume they
are sufficiently intelligent to foresee the exact
consequences that must follow from a total
abolition of the franking privilege — they
must have made up their minds that they no
longer need public documents sent to them
free through the mails. They know that mem-
bers of Congress cannot pay postage upon
them and send them in that way. They must
have made up their minds that they no longer
need contributions of speeches or any com-
ments made in Congress upi>n political sub-
jects, for it is equally impossible for members
of Congress to pay postage upon the vast
amount of this kind of matter which they will
be compelled to send. They know equally
well that very few members of Congress have
sufficient means to justify them in paying out
of their own pockets the postage upon all the
private correspondence which they will find it
necessary to hold with their constituents. They
must foresee all this. They do foresee it, I must
presume. They must foresee that when they
write to a member of Congress and expect an
answer they will not only be required to prepay
their own postage, but to cnclose to him a
stamp or stamps sufficient to pay the postage
upon the answer which they expect, as is the
case always in commercial correspondence. So
that the whole of this burden will be cast, not
upon members of Congress, but upon their con-
stituents, and upon the constituents alone.
They foresee all this. Sir, I take them at their
word. I go for uprooting the system as an
experiment, and J propose to lift it e radice,
pull it up by the roots. This is all I have to
say at present on the subject. Let us abolish
the franking privilege, and extend it to none.
Mr. NY14. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to call his attention to a fact right there?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The effect of this idea of re-
quiring stamps for the return letters is pretty
well illustrated by a ease which fell under the
observation of some of us the other day, where
it was shown that a man eighteen jears ago
had used a stamp that had been used before it
was sent to him ; and so it might happen if a
correspondent of my friend from Michigan
should send him a stamp that had been used
before it was sent to him, my friend would be
in the States prison the first thing he knew.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. Ishould not be surprised;
it would be just my luck. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. If the correspondent should send
you a stamp that had been used, you would get
the fetters on your own legs.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; we must take
the chances. Let us obey "the voice of the
people," [laughter,] for such is the voice of
the people, if my honorable friend, the chair-
man of the committee, is to be believed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. WARNER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fbxtox.] If he were present, he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea." I am also
requested to state that the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is paired with the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.] The Senator from
Ohio would vote "nay," and the Senatorfrom
Oregon would vote " yea" on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS —- Messrs. Carpenter, Edmunds, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, foreman. Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Conkling, Davis, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan. Howard, Howell, John-
ston, Mc-Creery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sehurz, Scott,
Spraguc, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton,Trumbull, Viclt-
ers, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fen-
ton, l^erry, Flanagan, Powler, Lewis, Norton, Pat-
terson, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Stockton, Warner, Williams, and Yates—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. Some Senators about me
have inquired whether there could be any pro-
vision made, at least for the Departments, by
which tliey could post their public correspond-
ence. I have here a bill on that subject, which I
will submit to the Senate if they choose to accept
it. It makes ample provision for that difficulty.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
support the report of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the bill read.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee reported
back the bill to abolish the franking privilege
without amendment. They insisted on report-
ing it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the honorable Senator
had insisted on the passage of the bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege without amendment
a long time ago, this measure might then have
been matured. It is now so late in the session
that perhaps it is necessary to make some pro-
vision of this sort here. At any rate, I submit
the amendment, and the Senate can accept it
or refuse it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Minnesota moves further to amend his amend-
ment 
Mr. RAMSEY. I submit it to the consid-
eration ofthe Senate first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it moved as
an amendment to the amendment?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to the Senator
that it would be just as well to offer it after the
vote on the pending proposition.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; but it can be
read now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When a proposition is
submitted to the Senate the rule requires that
that it shall be read before there is any debate
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
in doubt as to whether it was or was not sub-
mitted,
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator from
Minnesota had answered the Chair that it was.
