1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
266S
I have simply to say that when a free-trade
importer, having an interest in this subject,
writes a letter to a member to be read as a part
of his argument, charging the Committee of
Ways and Means or the friends of this bill with
some cunning contrivance to swindle thepublic,
and denounces what they say from the figures
from the custom-house and from the Treasury
report as slanders, that member is ill sup-
porting his argument by courtesy, however he
may think he is doing it by facts. I repeat now,
what I said before, that so far as this pafier has
been got up in order to contradict the regu-
larly made up returns from the Statistical Bu-
reau of the Treasury Department, derived from
the returns of the custom-house, I have record
evidence that it is a falsely-contrived, cunning
measure itself to impress people with that which
is not the fact. I trust I am understood.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will allow
me to reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
reply to him at this particular point myself. I
do not undertake to defend the character of
these importers. They are well known, and
their character is as good as that of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not put my char-
acter in comparison wilh theirs. It is not a
personal matter. I put the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury against this outside
statement, which is a very different thing.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio had been more charitable he
would have supposed that the official report
might not have been contradictory with the
report of Benkard & Hutton. The official
report is an average, and only an average. It
does not pretend to be anything more or any-
thing less than an average. Goods may be so
high in price that the duties on them may be
prohibitory, or goods may be so low in price
that the duties on them would be prohibitory or
almost so, and upon the poorer class of goods
they are. I hold in my hand an article of lawn
used by the poorer white people of the agricul-
tural districts, and used to a good degree by
the colored women of the South. This article
costs in gold 3 cents per yard. It is sold
in New York for about 10 cents a yard in gold,
or 15 cents retail. When it gets South it is
worth 20, 25, and 30 cents. Now, the duty on
that article is over 6 cents per yard, and the
cost ad valorem is about 100 per cent. Now,
Benkard & Hutton sell that class of goods and
import that class of goods intended for the
poorer classes, and they but state facts which
the custom-house returns will bear out and
which the experience of other importers will
bear out; and it is not a contradiction of them
to cite the average returns of the custom-house,
but it is a confirmation rather than a contra-
diction. BQth are consistent, both are true.
The policy of the manufacturers is, by a com-
plicated system of duty, an ad valorem, duty,
often a duty by weight, and then by a specific
duty of 5 cents per yard or more, not only to
cheat the public, but to cheat the members of
this House, so thai they may not know what
they vote for, and cannot know what they vote
for, unless they are experts or are manufac-
turers. Now, if the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] had been generous he would
not have thrown out these imputations. I will
indorse, and I can bring a hundred importers
of the city of New York who will indorse,
every word that Messrs. Benkard & Hutton
say ; and they will say also that there is not a
word of contradiction in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Tbearaendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "25," or any other num-
ber. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
is entitled to the full respect of members of
this House for his good-nature, for his urban-
ity, and for the manner in which he has con-
ducted this very troublesome debate. I have
no quarrel with him as to the manner in which
he has thus far conducted it; on the contrary,
only commendation.
But the gentleman must remember that when
I, in the first instance, introduced this paper
from these importers I did so for the purpose
of illustrating the complexity of this system of
taxation, showing, as this paper shows very
properly and honestly, how these duties were
levied, ad valorem, specific, by the square inch,
&c., so that it is impossible, as I demonstrated,
for any man not thoroughly accomplished in
commerce, or not a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to understand precisely
what is the real ad valorem duty on any par-
ticular article. More than that, as has been
shown by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] my colleague, there is an average
which is not considered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and which will perhaps
reconcile the statements of these importers with
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury. But
I do not complain of that; what I complain of
is, that without understanding this business
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schenck] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] have charged that
these statements were all a bugbear and a fraud.
Now, they have no right to endeavor to affix
a stigma upon people who give us information
upon this subject. They had no right to call
in the manufacturers of this country and take
their interested and partial statements upon
this subject, and then when an importer comes
here with his statement charge him with get-
ting up a bugbear and a fraud. And when the
importer says that such a charge against him
is slanderous I think I have a right to put on
record his refutation of that charge.
I know there is an attempt made here by
gentlemen on the Committee of Ways and
Means, and by others, to cast this sort of stigma
upon the importing business. And because
that business stands at the door of our country
and not in the interior, bringing things in and not
altogether sending things out, because, in other
words, they now and then make a profit of 10
per cent, instead of a profit of 100 per cent.,
because those engaged in that business ask no
stealing, no gratuity, no bounty, but are con-
tent to stand upon their well-established prin-
ciples and modes of business, they certainly
are not entitled to this reproach which is at-
tempted to be fixed upon them. When you
stop the importing business of this country
you in fact will.be putting stones in our har-
bors, as was done in some cases during the
war of the rebellion; you will be cutting off the
revenue of this country, you will be dragging
down our shipping interest and destroying
commerce, which is civilization, and making
our country of no consequence in the world.
The importer stands between the interior and
the exterior as one of the benevolent institu-
tions of the country, and no stigma should be
fixed upon them as a class because they do not
come here and ask for bounties to be taken
from the pockets of the people of this country,
as another class do. I speak what I believe to
be the truth in respect to this class of our peo-
ple. They are entitled to a fair hearing when
they furnish facts to ihe House; and their facts
can be reconciled with any statements by gen-
tlemen on the other side. If the truth of their
statements is doubted these gentlemen and
other importers ask that you will send a com-
mission of intelligent men to New York or any
other port where the foreign commerce of our
country is extensively carried on, and such an
investigation will satisfy any fair man that the
statements with reference to these excessive
duties are true in every particular.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. SCHENCK. Irisetoopposetheatnend-
ment; and in doing so I may as well take occa-
sion to reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] because I suppose
we must have these arguments outat some time.
In the first place, it is not a correct state-
ment of the fact to say that the Committee of
Ways and Means have listened to the manu-
facturers and not to the importers. Nobody
knows better than the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Brooks,] who is a member of the com-
mittee, that we have heard importers as well
as manufacturers, having had many of them
before us upon the various points in which they
have been severally interested. Hence it is
not true, but utterly incorrect, to aver that
there has been any attempt on the part of the
committee to obtain information from one
source rather than another, or to afford to one
class at the expense of another special facili-
ties for access to the committee. To prove
that I have no particular feeling in this matter
I want to remind the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] of a remark into which I was
drawn the other day, and by which I stand
now. I said that I knew nothing equal to the
selfishness of the manufacturer as developed
before the committee in its examinations, ex-
cept it might be the selfishness of the importer.
They have all proved themselves very human
in the strong bias which they have manifested
in favor of their own particular views and in-
terests.
Recurring to the subject which the gentle-
man has discussed, I repeat that this free-trade
document upon which he so much relies, who-
ever may have furnished it, is ingeniously
arranged for the purpose of making, in a good
degree, false impressions. Figures true in
themselves may often be made to lie. I will
explain what I mean by that remark. A
certain class of goods, for instance, is imported
at 2i cents a yard; and a duty of 3, 4, or 5
cents a yard upon those cheap goods, brought
to this country to be thrown upon our market,
may amount to 100 per cent, or more.
But what does that show? Simply that there
are certain mean, sleazy goods, made under
the system of pauper labor in Europe, and
imported into this country for the purpose
of underselling our better manufactures and
breaking down the domestic industry ; and
upon these goods, possessing next to no value,
any tariff based on a system of classification
such as we always have had and must have
will show a very large percentage of duty.
Any little matter of that kind is an excep-
tional case ; and in this document such cases
are selected and spread out with large notes of
exclamation, in order to attract attention, and
to give, with seeming truth, a false idea.
One of my colleagues on the committee had
read the other day what I will ask the Clerk
to read again, as it in some manner explains
this matter. It is an extract from a letter
received from a gentleman upon the other
side of this question—a gentleman of Mas-
sachusetts, for whom I believe my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Hooper] will vouch.
The Clerk read as follows :
"You perceivo that those articles which are marked
with so high a rate of duty when carried out to aper-
centage must be very mean, trashy goods. They are
fit only to sell, except that they arc mado to servo a
purpose by the free-traders and of use to them m
quoting. Thinli of ' mohair dress goods' costing as
low as 21 cents per yard, and' worsted lavelles'as low
as 1J cent. What if such shabby goods are made to pay
over 100 per cent., practically it is of no account, he-
cause but few would be imported, and for the inter-
ests of the consumers none ought to bo. When 6-1
French beaver cloths and Moscow coatings, weigh-
ing over 30 ounces per yard, arc Quoted at a little
over $1 cost per yard, it is because they are made ot
shoddy, and when the tariff was made it was eon-
ceded on all hands that shoddy goods ought to pay
a high duty."
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the vote is taken I
wish to say that if this amendment be adopted
