408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA—AGAIN.
Mr. MORGAN. As I desire, Mr. Speaker,
that the current of the remarks which I will
have the honor to submit to the consideration
of the House may. bet uninterrupted, I so an-
nounce at the outset, in order that there may
not be any appearance'of discourtesy on my
part in declining to yield to any gentleman
while I am on the floor. I understand that the
debate is to be as free and extended as may
be desired, and if any gentleman- should wish
to controvert any position which I may assume
he will have an opportunity to do so at a sub-
sequent stage of the discussion.
Mr. Speaker, thfe question before the House
is One of momentous character. A question
of graver magnitude could not be submitted to
the consideration of a legislative body. And,
sir, I approach its discussion with feelings of
solemnity, and shall endeavor to treat the mat-
ters upon which I touch with a spirit gf fair-
ness and candor worthy an occasion like the
present.
I am opposed to the passage of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Reconstruction,
of which I am an humble member, for the rea-
son that I regard the conditions upon which it
is proposed to grant representation to Virginia
as unwise, ungenerous, unconstitutional, and
void, and I favor the substitute offered by my
colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] for the reason that
it is in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States, and not for the reasons set forth
in its preamble.
It is true, sir, that Virginia has conformed
in every particular to what are cdtlled the re-
construction acts of Congress. It is true that
Virginia has done all that Congress required
her to do. It is true that Virginia has appeared
to forget the rights which are solemnly guaran-
tied to her by the Constitution, and has bowed
almost with humility to the undue and uncon-
stitutional demands of Congress.
_ And, Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of admit-
ting the State of Virginia to representation,
not because she has done all that Congress
demanded her to do; not because she lias in
every particular conformed to the requirements
of the reconstruction acts of Congress, but,
sir, because a law more potent and more grand
than any reconstruction act which has or can
be passed by this Congress, because the Con-
stitution of the United States, that fundamental
law of the land, declares in the second section
of the first article that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year by the people of the
several States. And, sir, the single question
which addresses itself to my mind, and it seems
to bo the only question fortius honorable body
to determine, is this: is Virginia a State or
not? If Virginia be a State, and this Consti-
tution has not been totally overthrown and set
aside, then, as a State under the provisions of
that instrument, she is entitled to representation
upon the floor of this House and upon the
floor of the Senate of the United States. That,
sir,^ is my reason for being ready to vote for
giving representation to Virginia, to restoring
Virginia to her rights under the Constitution.
But I am opposed to bringing her back into
the sisterhood of States manacled in chains ;
and hence I will not vote for the bill reported
from the Committee oil Reconstruction.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as a number of
gentlemen—what number I do not know—differ
with me as to this view of the subject, I pro-
pose to submit to their consideration some
reasons why they should vote for the admission
of Virginia untrammeled and free from man-
acles. I propose to refresh the memories of
honorable gentlemen on this floor as to the
eventsof the last nine years in connection with
Virginia. It is a fact which gentlemen seem
to forget that during the entire war of the re-
bellion Virginia had a State government, rec-
ognized by the Executive of the United States,
recognized by the Congress of the United
States, recognized by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and recognized by her sister
States-of the Union. What is the history of
the events which transpired in Virginia from
the 18th of April, 1861, when a body in the city
of Richmond, assuming to be a convention
representing the people of that State, by a ma-
jority of a single vote undertook to secede and
carry the State of Virginia out of the Union?
I call the attention of honorable gentlemen
to the fact that the condition of Virginia is
different from that of any other one of the
States which attempted to secede. The peo-
ple of Virginia were divided on the subject of
secession, and no sooner had the convention
which met in Richmond declared in favor of
secession than a considerable body of the
people in that State called another convention,
which organized what was called the restored
government of Virginia. That was in the
month of June, 1861. And that State govern-
ment fulfilled all the duties devolving upon a
State in all her relations to the Union and to
her sister States. On the 1st of July, 1861, a
General Assembly was held in the State of Vir-
ginia which elected Senators and Representa-
tives to Congress, and they were received like
other Senators and Representatives, and Con-
gress thus recognized the fact that Virginia
had a State government with the rights of all
other States within the Union.
And I propose to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to certain acts of the President and the
Supreme Court and the Congress of the United
States recognizing the existence of Virginia as
a State in the Union from 1861 until 1807, two
long years after the close of the war.
THE FACTS.
In November Jp8G1, a convention assembled
at Wheeling and adopted a constitution for
what was called the State of West Virginia, the
territory of the new State having been carved
out of the territory of the State of old Virginia.
But, sir, I need not tell this honorable body
that section three of article four of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides that " no
new State shall be formed or erected within the
jurisdiction of any other State" "without the
consent of the Legislature of that State as well
as of the Congress."
Then, sir, West Virginia could only become
a State with the consent of the Legislature of
old Virginia and of Congress. And if the State
of Virginia did not consent to the formation of
the State of West Virginia, then there is no
State of West Virginia in the Union, and she
is pot entitled to representation in Congress at
this time.
What are the facts ? On the 13th day of
May, 1862, the Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia, the Legislature which was recognized
as the Legislature of the State of Virginia by
the President of the United States, by the
chiefs of each of the Departments of the United
States, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States, by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and by the State3
adhering to the Union—that Legislature con-
sentedto the creation of the new State of West
Virginia. And Congress recognizing Virginia
as a State, and her legislative action as being
the action of the Legislature of the State of
Virginia, by a solemn act consented to the
creation of the new State of West Virginia ■
and on the 19th day of April, 1863, the Presi-
dent of the United States, recognizing Vir-
ginia as a State, and acknowledging the valid-
ity of the act of the Virginia Legislature, did,
by formal proclamation, declare West Virginia
to be a State of the Union.
Richmond being in possession of the insur-
gents, the capital of the restored government
of the State of Virginia was established at
Alexandria, with Francis H. Peirpoint as the
duly elected Governor.
In 1863, the term of Senator Willey having
expired, Lemuel J. Bowden was elected to suc-
ceed him, and Bowden dying on the b'th day of
December, 1864, Joseph Segar was chosen to
succeed him as Senator from the old State of
Virginia; and John C. Underwood was chosen
to succeed Senator Carlile, whose term was
to expire March 3, 186-1.
In the spring of 1865 the Legislature of the
State of Virginia ceded to the State of West
Virginia the counties of Berkeley and Jeffer-
son, and the act of cession was consented to
by the Congress and President of the United
States, thereby again recognizing Virginia as
a State in the Union, and this time after the
surrender of the confederate armies.
In this connection I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to another fact, to which I
shall again have occasion to refer before I close
my remarks. It is this : after the cession of
the two counties already named a question of
boundary as to one of them arose between
the States of Virginia and West Virginia, and
under the third article of the Constitution of
the United States, which provides that the
Supreme Court of the United States shall havo
jurisdiction in controversies between two or
more States, the State of Virginia commenced
suit in that court against the State of West
Virginia ; of which suit that court took juris-
diction, and the cause, which has been pend-
ing for several years, is yet undetermined.
Mr. Speaker, I now propose to call the atten-
tion of the House to the recognition of Vir-
ginia as a State by the Executive of the United
States during the period of the war and down
to the act of March, 1867, when the Congress
of the United States by an act of mere usurp-
ation took Virginia by the throat and drove
her Senators and Representatives out of Con-
gress, although she had been represented in
Congress not only all through the war, but for
two years after the war had closed.
THE PRESIDENT OP THE UNITED STATES RECOGNIZED
VIRGINIA AS A STATE IN THE UNION WHILE THE WAR
WAS GOING ON.
In his message of July, 1861, Governor Peir-
point announced to the people of Virginia that
President Lincoln had assured him of Federal
protection to the State authorities of the Statu
of Virginia.
Alter the ordinance of secession was passed,
the President recognized Virginia as being a
State in another and a very significant manner.
In 1841 an act of Congress was passed distrib-
uting among the States of the Union their
proportionate shares resulting from certain
sales of public lands, and the State of Vir-
ginia, nothavingreceivedherproportion, it was
given by the President and Congress to the
restored State government, of which Peirpoint
was Governor, long after the ordinance of se-
cession had passed.
But a more solemn and formal recognition
of Virginia as a State was made by the" proc-
lamation of the President under date of April
19, 1863, in which he announced that, by and
with the consent of the Legislature of the
State of Virginia and of Congress, West Vir-
ginia had been made a State of the United
States.
VIRGINIA RECOGNIZED AS A STATE IN THE UNION
DURING AND AFTER THE "WAR BY THE CHIEFS OF THK
VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS OP THE GOVERNMENT.
But, sir, Virginia was not only recognized
as a State within the Union by the President,
but also by each of the chiefs of Department.
By the Secretary of State.
It is not for me to tell the members of this
honorable body that the Constitution of the
united States can only be amended by the con-
current. action of three fourths of all the States
of the Union.
Well, sir, Congress by a two-thirds vote
recommended what are known as the thirteenth
a!;, amendments to the Constitution
°rfi?e tt States, and the Secretary of State
of the United States transmitted those amend-
ment to Francis H. Peirpoint, Governor of
the State of Virginia, for ratification by the
Legislature of that State, and when thev were
ratified the Secretary of State certified that the
