4552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The -Secretary
will repoit the proposed amendment.
The Si-cretaiy read as follows :
And be it farther enacted, That in lieu of the
franking privilege as now authorized'by law, there
shall ibo au allowance of annually for .post-
ages, from an'd alter the 1st day of July next, and
that tho President o-f the United States, the-heads
ox the several Executive Departments, the Secre-
tary of the Senate, and the Clerk of tho liouse of
Ilepresentatives b,el{and they are hereby, empowered
to purchase and u«exuoh amounts of postage stamps
and stamped envelopes as may be necessary for fche
transaction of the public business to them respect-
ively committed; and that they shall each kocp
an accurate aeeount'of the number, denomination,
and value of all postage stamps and stamped snvel-
ope&by tl,i©m respectively used, and shall .muudlly
present to Congress a full statement the! oof, together
with an estimate for postages for the ensuing lineal
yoiu-.
Sice. —. Ai^d- be it further enacted, Tho-tforthe fi^oal
year commencing on the 1st day of July ncxtt tho
following sums are hereby appropriated out of any
money in t.he Treasury not ot.hei wise appropriated,
for postages, to wit: ior the Secretary of the Senate
for the use of the Senate ai\d it* committees, ^10,000;
for the Clerk of the [douse of Representatives for the
use of the Jglousc and its committees, jplO.OQO; /or the
President and tiie executive office, $10,000; for the
Department of State, £100,000; for tho Treasury
Department, £250,000: for the War Department,
$200,000; for the Navy Department, §100,000; ,for tho
Post Office"Department, ^250,000; for the Attorney
General's office, £10,000; for the Interior Depart-
ment, $250,000.
Sjcc.—. And be it further.enacted, Th a,t t-h.o Postmas -
ter General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pro-
vide and furnish po&t^gc stamps an dt stamped envel-
opes, with such waterworks and devices, ami of such
denominations and vaJueas bem-aydireet.to Reused
exclusively to pay postages,on official correspondence
and other public matter; and if any person shall use
or attempt to use in prepayment of pptfUgeany such
otlicinl postage stamps or stamped envelopes which
biuill have been belore u.>ed fur a like pui pose, such
poiv'oii shall hn^nlject to a penalty of fihy dollars
lor every such ofictise, to bo recovered in the najno
of the Uni'ed States in any eo.urt of competent juris-
diction; ami any person who shall forgo or counterfeit
any such official postagestimp or s-tamped envelope,
or who shall counterfeit any die. plate, or engraving
thciefur, or who shall make oi print, or knowingly
use or sell, or have in his possession with intent to
u<e or sell iiuv such false, forged, or counterfeit die,
plate, engraving, official postage stamp or official
.stamped envelope, or who shall mako oor knowingly
use or sell any paper bearing the water mark of such
ollici il stamped envelopes, or any fraudulent jmit;i-
tnm ilieieoi, or who shall makco/- print or authoiize
or procure to be made or printed any such official
poM.age stamp or official stamped envelope wittiout
the especial direction of the Post Office Department,
or who, after Fuoh' official postage stamps or official
stamped envelopes havebecn prepared or punted,
shall, with intend to defraud the revenues, ol^ the
Pohi Officc Pepartuient. deliver any such official
postage stamps or official stamped envelopes to any
person or personsother than such as shall be author-
ized to receive the same by instrument or writing
duly excelled ui)4©r t]ie hand of tjbo Postmaster
General and the se'.il of the Post Office Department,
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of fel-
on v, and be punished by a tine not exceeding §000or
by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both
such fine and imprisonment.
Mr. MOttlMLL, of ^ainc. 1 make a point
of older on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On whatgvound?
Mr. MORIULG. of Maino. On the ground
that it contains an appropriation and has not
been referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall not offer that amend-
ment I think at present. 1 will wait until the
question is had on the other amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I undeistood the
Senator to say that he did offer it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was read simply for
information now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Maine makes the point of order that the amend-
ment involves an appropriation, and has not
been submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
his got any farther information on thi3 subject
i wish he would advise us of it. I do not pro-
pose to stny here in order to receive such
information.
Mr. RAMSEY. The information which the
Senate has already had is profitable, I trust,
fLti.i^hror ]
" The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Mmno-'ota <*uU>s that be does not at the pres-
eiii Tiu.ti out r the amendment.
Mt. SPENCER. Is it in order at the pres-
ent time to move an amendment to the original
bill to abolish the franking privilege?
TheVI-OE 'PRESIDENT.^ It is in order to
amend the amendment. It is not yet -incor-
porated in the bill. It is open to further
amendment.
Mr. SPENCE'R. I move to amend it by
striking out the words l< 1st day of Ju-ly,1870,n
and inserting "1st day of January, 1871."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment o-f the Senator from Ala-
bama to -the amendment.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and bei-ng taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21,nays 2(3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of MaryJjuid, Harris, Kellogg, Jtte-
Donald, Morton, Nye, Oaborn, Pool, Bawyer,
fcjehurz, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Xipton,
and Vickers—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Doremn-n, Brownlow, Cameron,
Ca^sorly, Cole, Conklmg, Davis.ilamiltoo o.f 'l'oxas,
llamhil, liarlan, flowa.ru, liowe, llowell, Johnston,
McOrcery, Morrill of Maine, P<>mc,roy, 'Pratt, llam-
scv. Rice, Scott, Sprague, Thumiau, Trumbull,
Willey, a.\id "Wilson—2(3.
ADSEN f—iUess.rs. Abbott, Anthony, Eayard,
Buckingham, Cnttcll, -Chandler, Corbett, Cragm,
Drako, Jfenton, 1 erry, ll lanagan, Powler, Lewis,
Morrill oi Yer-mont, Norton, Patterson, Re\«ets,
llo.beWson, SauKbury. Sherman, Stockton, Warner,
"Williams, and Yates—25,
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PltJSSIDENT. The que&tion
recurs ,on freeing-to the amendranut .of the
Senator from Minnesota as amended.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for tlieyeasand nays
on that question.
Mr, SUMNER. I move to strike out &U
after the enacting clause of Uie amend-meai
and to insert what i send to the Chair.
The words proposed toUeinserted were read,
as follows:
That the postage on letters, and. all mail matter
wj-iol-ly or partly in writing, except books in manu-
script aud corrected proofs; abo on all printed matter
so marked as to convey any other or further miorm-
atiou ti an is conveyed by the original printing;
also on all matterhcnf in violation ol 1q,w or regula-
tions of the Po.st'Office Depaitrnept; ami on all mat-
ter for which no specific rate of postage is lixed,
shall bo at the rate of one cent lor e^oh half ounui
or faction thereof.
Sk.c.—. And be it further enacted, 'lb at the postage
oji newspapers, magazines, and periodicals ; on man-
uscripts. intended for publication in book form, or
newspapers, or periodicals; on proof-sheets,,ami cor-
rected proofs parsing between authors and publ oth-
ers, editors, or printer." ; on pamx>hlets, maps, prints,
engravings, blanks, flexible patterns, samples and
sample cards, and photognvphs, photograph paper,
letter-envelope*, and wiappeis, caids, paper, and
transient printed matter in general, not otherwise
herein provided for, shall be charged one cent for
each tjiree ounces or fraction thereof, and all man-
uscripts and proof-sheets provided for above shall
be transmitted in the letter mails; but on newspapers
and other periodical publications, not exceeding
four ounccs in wpight teijt lioin a known olhoo ot
publication to regulaj* subscribers, postage shall be
charged quarterly, as follows: when issued once a
week, five cents, and five cents additional lor each
additional issue; or if publi-hod less frequently, at
the same proportional rate for each is*me on each
Four ounces or fraction thereof, payable at the office
of mailing; and such payment shall be made only at
the beginning of a quarrer, and foj- not less than a
quarter, extent that news-dealers may pay the post-
age on their packages of newspapers and periodicals
as received at the same rates thatactual subscribers
thereto pay quarterly in advance, and it shall be m
postage stamps, which shall be placed upon the bill
or receipt, and canceled by the postmaster collecting
the same: Provided, That the Pom master Genei.il
may, under fixed regulations, permit pubii.-dieis of
newspapers and periodicals to prepay the postage of
each entire issue of the paper wv periodical at the
office of mailing, at the rate of one cent for each
four ounces, gro>s weight, payment to be made by
placing stamps upon the bill or receipt, and cancel-
ing the same by the postmaster collecting the same,
and each parcel or package so paid shall bestamped
" prepaid,*' with the postmark of the office of mail-
ing. or in such manner as the Postmaster General
shall prescribe. Hut the publishers of weekly news-
papers may send to each actual subscriber -vyithm the
coumy where their papers are printed and published
one copy thereof free of postage.
SllC.—. And be it further cnurted, That books and
book packages shall'be charged at the rate ot three
copts for each four ounces or fraction thereof: Pro-
vided, That the same shall not exceed twelve pounds
in weight.
£si:o.—. And be \i farther emu-led. That the frank-
ing system is hereby abolwhed, but there shall be
furnished in lieu thereof stamps and stamped envel-
II opes prepared and issued by the Post Office Depart-
mont. which shall he -charged as?asnst the several
DopiKtorcfits and used 'by tuos? only entitled to
frank, the .same to ho designitca on thai, facoas
"StateDepartment,"-XroaburyDepartment," War
Department," &e„ " Senate," House of Eepresent-
atives " &o.: Provided, ®J t the majcumim
of franked or iiee jnailed iafl.rtex torwao-ded under
suuh stamps shall not exceed four omrees. except
public documents, publkiu-tiori^ ori-lerod by Congress-,
packages of cuttings, seeds, ood roots, whicb shall
bo Jixod by the Postmaster General-: And provided,
further. That tho Post Office Department shall pro-
vide for-theregiftered letter, money-order, and other
post ollice business euvelopes with proper printed
siyjeiftcriptions, which shall beu&ed'by the Depart-
ment for its business. mT
Seo,—. And be i>t farther enacted, That postage on.
all mail matter s>hail be propaid by stam-ps at the
time of mailing. If not fully prepaid, it shall bo
forwarded to its destination charged witfo double the
prepaid rates, to be ooflected on delivery, and such
postage shall be,collected by^pl-acing stajnps upon
the letter or other matter delivered, and canceling
tho same by the postmaster at the office of delivery.
Sec. —. A nd be it further enuctcd, 'I'h-at all letters or
mail matter deposited in any post office, for deUyery
wutiin tho Un;ted States, without being prepaid, by
stamp, at least a single rate, shall be returned to
tho wrilei or stridor, aaid double postage charged
thereo.n, to be paid by stamps placed upon the mail
matter so -returned and canceled by the postmaster
returning the same._
SivC. —. And be it further enacted, That all box
rents, all collections of postage insufficiently paid,
till fees for registered letleis, advertised letters, news-
paper postage, ship letters,and all collections in the
ordinary business of the post office, shall be made
and paid by postage stamps, which shall be placed
upon tho mail matter delivered, or uptin the proper
roceipt, bill, or vouchor, and canceled by the post-
master receiving such paymc-nt.
■See.—. Aiidueit farther eiuwtud. That all acts and
parts of acta inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Mr. 1'OMEIIOY. I move that p.t lialf past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being the'
alternate day, the Senator from Kansas moves
that the Senate at half past four o'clock take
a lvces-s until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
pvoceeij to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["Oh, no."] It is absolutely necessary
that we should have an executive session.
Mr. iiAMSEY. Before that question is put
I desire to move that the amendment I last
offered be referred ,to the Committee on Appro-
priations. ' •
The motion was agreed to.
KXECDTfTfS bB&SIGN.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
uutil half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. rn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill is bet'ore the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
MESS AG IS FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 2100) to amend the laws
regulating the assessments of taxes in ihe city
of Washington ;
A bill (II. II. No. 2224) making the 1st day
of January, the 25th day of December, the 4th
day of Ju ly, and Thanksgiving day holidays in
the District of Columbia ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2218) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to authorize the con-
struction, extension, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany into and within the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 5, 1870.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bills, with
amendments, in which it requested the coa-
, cum^iee/if the Senate :
li A bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a Zooks--
