2664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
I propose to move the adaption of a similar
provision with reference to the other silk man-
ufactures.
The amendment of Mr. Holma.it was not
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now offer the amend-
ment from the Committee of Ways and Means
to come in after that.
The Clerk -read as follows :
On page 12, lino two hundred and sevonty-eight,
insert these words: " On 11 ax straw, $5 per ton."
Mr. SCHENCIv. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
explain that will be followed by striking out
"including flax straw and all" in the next
paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is not that a
proposed reduction of $15 a ton on this bill as
it now stands?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no provision in
the present tariff for flax straw, but only for
flax and tow. Flax straw is the fiber before it
is pressed or broken from the straw itself of the
flax. It has been thrown away in our country
because of the waut of any protection on it—
vast quantities ofit. We were under the impres-
sion that none of it was imported, but we have
found since that a little is brought in over the
border from Canada. We propose to put it
down to So a ton. Gentlemen will find llax
is taken care of in the next paragraph.
Mr. BURCIIARD. I move to amend by
making it $10 a ton. If any duty be put upon
this it ought to be higher. Five dollars a ton
would not be one fourth of a cent per pound,
and that would not pay for transportation two
hundred miles. It seems to me that it would be
no practical protection to the flax-growers of the
country. If any interest is to be protected by
putting on this duty, it should be sufficient to
protect that interest. And I will add that I
am glad the Committee of Ways and Means
are beginning to recognize our agricultural
interest.
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Chairman, 1 under-
stand this matter, as I believe the amendment
has been moved on my suggestion to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and with the per-
mission of the House I will make a brief ex-
planation. Five dollars per ton is, I think,
high enough duty to impose on imported flax
straw. As the bill now stands, on flax, including
(lax straw, and all flax not hackled or dressed,
a duty is imposed of $20 per ton, which prac-
tically is a protection to the manufactured arti-
cle imported from Canada, the only place from
which flax straw can be imported into the
United States.
Along the Canada line, in the county of
Clinton, are several manufactories of flax, con-
suming this flax straw, which, as a raw mate-
rial, is imported from Canada. Now, while
flax straw is only worth from $12 to 515 a ton,
manufactured flax, fit for market, is worth $300
per ton, and it will be perceived at once by
every gentleman of the committee, to impose
the same duty of $20 per ton on the raw mate-
rial of flax straw and upon the manufactured
article fit for market will be in effect to protect
the manufacture and the laboring interest of
Canada, thus discriminating against the man-
ufacturer of flax among our own people. So
far as I can learn our manufacturers do not so
much object to the proposed duty of $20 per
ton on undressed flax fit for market, and worth
in that State, as I have said, about $300 per
ton, but they do think it unequal and unjust
to impose the same duty of $20 on a ton of
flax straw worth in that State only $12 or $15
per ton. The duty of $20 on undressed flax
is not, perhaps, unreasonable, and will suffi-
ciently protect the producer; but the same
duty on flax straw is simply uncalled for, and
indeed may be considered as entirely prohib-
itory. It will, to say the least of it, discourage
the investment of capital and the labor that
might otherwise be employed in the manufac-
ture of flax among our own people, I there-
fore hope the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means will be adopted.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Sohenck's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On flax, including flax straw, and all flax not
liackled or dressed, $20 per toll; on flax baoklcd,
known as " dressed lino," $40 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words_ "flaxstraw, and all," flax straw having
been inserted at a lower rate above.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On homp unmanufactured, $40 per ton.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out "40"
and insert "25." I do not object, Mr. Chair-
man, to the rate of duty; but 1 wish to call the
attention of the House to the fact of the differ-
ence between the duty on the atticle of hemp,
iu the two hundred and eighty-second line, and
that in the two hundred and eighty-fourth line.
The President called the attention of the House
in his annual message to the difference in the
present duty between Russian hemp and Ma-
nila hemp, and he puts the question whether
that difference is not a violation of the treaty
with Russia on that subject. These are his
words:
" Your attention is respoctfully called to the law
regulating the tariff on Kutsiun hemp and to tho
question whether to fix the charges on Itussian
liemp higher than they arc fixed upon Manila is
not a violation ot our treaty with Kussia, placing
licr products upon the same footing with those of
tlio lilo.~i flavored nations."—iidi-.nt'^ Message,
December 0,1809, page 12.
There are two distinct sections in the treaty
between the United States and Russia which
are indirectly violated by these provisions of
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means. In the sixth article of the treaty
of 1832 it is agreed botweeu the two countries
that the duties upon like articles shall be the
same:
"Art. VI. No higher or other duties shall ho im-
posed on the importation into the United States of
any article the produce or manufacture of Russia;
and no higher or othor duties shall bo imposod on
any importation into the empire of llussia of any
artielo the produco or manufacture of the United
States, than aro or shall bo payable on the like
article, (««)• leu mimes articles,) being the produco
or manufactureof any other country. Jfor shall any
prohibition bo imposed on tho importation or ex-
portation of any artielo the produce or manufacture
of tho United iStates or ltussia to or from the ports
of the United States, or to or from tho ports of tho
Russian cuu>iro, which shall not equally extend to
all other nations."--Treatii with lluisia, (ilk TJmm-
her, 1832; U. & UtiUaien, vol. 8, page 4Ki.
In the eleventh article of the game treaty it
is agreed, that if any favor or advantage is
extended to the commerce of any country with
the United States, that favor or advantage
shall be immediately extended to tho Govern-
ment of Russia:
"Art. XI. If either party shall hereafter grant to
any other nation any particular favor in navigation
or eommevco it shall immediately become common
to tho other party, freely, where it is freely granted
to such other nation, or yielding tho same compen-
sation when tli ogrant is conditional."—Ibid, pago 450.
Now, the duties here imposed make a very
material difference against Russia. One half
or three fourths—nearly thcee fourths—of the
hemp imported into Great Britain are imported
from Russia. Russia is the great producer of
that article; Italy comes next, and Spain or
Manila third.
Now, there is no reason why this Govern-
ment should select the Spanish product of
hemp for a differential duty in its favor of
over one half, or why it should impose a duty
nearly one half greater on tho same product
from Russia. Surely it cannot bo contemplated
by the House to make this distinction, unless
some reason, of which I am not aware, exists
to justify the difference.
Before the treaty of 1861 there were sixty
or seventy vessels engaged in the commerce
between this country and Russia. There are
now not more than two or three. The great
export from Russia is the article uf hemp, and
by this difference of duty by which we exclude
it from.this country we have almost destroyed
the commerce of the United States with the
empire of Russia. Aa regards hemp partic-
ularly, where we used to import 1,800 tons we
now import, I believe, only 100 or 200 tons,
and all the facts show that the difference which
exists is as injurious to the interests of this
country as it is to those of Russia. And I
especially urge upon the committee that we
ought to guard against any infringement of the
treaty between the two countries, which I sub-
mit is plainly and clearly violated by these
provisions.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The ar-
gument of my colleague [Mr. Banks] would
be a very sound one provided his facts were
correct in thia respcct, that these articles are
identical. It is an old claim this, which was
brought up some twenty-five or thirty years
ago—I think about the year 18-12—before the
State Department. It was claimed that the
article of Russian hemp was identical with
Manila or plantain bark, which paid $25 a
ton, whereas th$ Russian hemp paid $40. The
question was settled at that time so far as it
could be, and Congress has ever since sustained
the theory that they were different articles, that
they were not identical articles.
Recently the question has been started again
by the Itussian minister, and there has been
some correspondence with tlic Department on
that subject. The matter may not yet have
been concluded by tho Department. But the
question having come before the committee
they addressed an inquiry to the Secretary of
the Navy, whether Russian hemp was identical
witli the Manila. I send to the desk to be
read the reply of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington. January la, 1870.
Sin: Your letter of tlie 11th instant, inquiring
whethor Itussian liemp is identical with Manila, has
boon received. In roply I havo tho honor tifsubiuit
tho following statement, based on information fur-
nished by tlio Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
Tho article properly styled "hemp," giown prin-
cipally in llussia, Italy, and tho United States, is the
liber of the genus cannabis saliva, of the order t !3,
N. 199) Urticucem,commonly known astlio "nettle or
homp " ordor. it is ail annual plant, with a proper
stem or trunk, and is a native chiefly of temperate
regions. It is raised from the seed, (which is sown in
drills or broadcast,like oats;) docs not spontaneously
reproduce itself,(nor does it boar fruit,) but undergoes
special cultivation. The whole plant is gathered,
and requires various special processes of preparation
for uso, consuming considerable time.
The article (improperly eal ted hemp) from Manila
and other localities, is tho fiber of the genus nmia
1c.etih%, ol tho order (13. IN". 236) HiLsaceai, commonly
known as tlio " banana" ordor. It is not an annual
plant (in tho same sense as the abovo:) has no proper
stem or trunk; isanativa chiefly of tropical regions,
being rarely found inoro than about tweuty degroos
}i'om the equator. It is not raised from tho seed,
(but may bo by planting shoots,) and produces fruit
it allowed to do so. It requires 110 special cultiva-
tion. lhc leaves only, which iorm close to the root,
are cut at intervals of about two years, and aro re-
placed by a new growth. Nospecialprocessof prepa-
ration is required beyond drying lor a day and bea-t ■
ins and scraping to separate the libers.
lho two articles are therefore essentially dlfforen;
productions. Their regular uses are no less different,
the true lio.inp being mainly used for standing rigging,
whilo the Manila article is used mostly for running
rigging, the general use of wire rope for standing
rigKini? will faoparato them in their uses stilt more
distinctly.
The Itussian, or true homp, requires to ho tarred,
and makes a bard, heavy cordage, inconvenient to
handle, and sinking in water. Tho Manila artielo
does not require to be tarred; and, indeed, admits
otuuly il superlicial dressing of tar, makes a soft,
pliable rope, convenient to handle a.s cordage, and
which floats on the water; so that it is now used
almost entirely for running rigging, hawsers, and
warps.
'fho true homp, when worn out as rope, may bo
adapted to other naval uses, in the form of oakum.
• c' Inc Manila article is fit for second use only
in the manufactureof paper. (ConsultEncyc. Brit.,
articles liotany and liemp ; Royle's Fibrous Plants
01 India ; Squire's Tropica! Ii'ibors, &c.)
lno prices of the two articles, as purchased for
'•no -wavy, varied between 1810 and 18u), as follows :
1840—Russian, U t-G eouts jwi- pound: Manila, Gi
to 7 cents per pound.
_,«>ll—Russian, lift cents per pottad; Manila, K to
U cents per pound-
