706
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Loaos of the United States.
for his own use, free of duty, subject to such
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury as
before provided.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
word "saltpeter," as used in section seven of
the act of March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, allowing drawback of duty on for
eign saltpeter manufactured into gunpowder in
the United States, and exported therefrom,
shall be construed to mean the element of niter
so used, whether it be the nitrate of potash or
nitrate of soda.
Sec. 25. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsec-
tion fifteen of the act approved July fourteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An
act increasing, temporarily, the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," and section four
of the act in amendment thereof, approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
be, and the same are hereby, so amended, that
no ship, vessel, steamer, boat, barge, or fiat
belonging to any citizen of the United States,
trading from one port or point within the Uni-
ted States, to another port or point within the
United States, or employed in the bank, whale,
or other fisheries, shall hereafter be subject to
the tonnage tax or duty provided for in said
acts; and the proviso in section one hundred
and three of the "act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and to pay the
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, requiring an annual special
tax to be paid by boats, barges, and flats, is
hereby repealed.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That all
imported goods, wares, and merchandise which
may be iu the- public stores or bonded ware-
houses on tho day and year this act shall take
effect, shall be subjected to no other duty upon
the entry thereof for consumption than if the
same were imported respectively after that day;
and all goods, wares, and merchandise remain-
ing in bonded warehouses on the day and year
this act shall take effect, and upon which the
duties shall have been paid, shall be entitled
to a refund of the difference between the amount
of duties paid and the amount of duties said
goods, wares, and merchandise would be sub-
ject to if the same were imported respectively
after that day.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That all
provisions of existing laws whereby any tax or
duty is laid upon bequests or devises, or trans-
fers by deed, grant, or gift, made or intended
to take effect after the death of the grantor, of
any real or personal property, in trust or other-
wise, for public uses of a literary, educational,
or charitable character, or upon any real or
personal estate which may become subject to
any trust as aforesaid under any past or future
disposition, which, if made in favor of an indi-
vidual, would confer on him a succession, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed, and no taxes
heretofore levied thereunder, but not paid, shall
be collected.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where tobacco is required to be put
up in wooden packages, as provided by section
sixty-two of an act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes," approved July twenty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, it shall be lawful
for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
allow the same to be put up iu metallic pack-
ages: Provided, That they shall be no con-
structed with such corrugations for receiving j
and piotectingthe revenue stamp? as the Com- j
uiissioner may approve. !
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any merchandise, except wine, dis-
tilled spirits, and perishable or explosive arti-
cles, or articles iu bulk, imported at the ports
of New York, in the State of New York; Phil-
adelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania; Bos-
ton, in the State of Massachusetts; Baltimore,
in the State of Maryland; Portland, in the
State of Maine; Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan; New Orleans, in the State of Louis-
iana; and San Francisco, in the State of Cal-
ifornia, shall appear by the invoice or bill of
lading and by the manifest to be consigned to
and destined for either of the ports specified
in section thirty-five of this act, the collector
at the port of arrival shall permit the owner,
agent, or consignee to make entry thereof for
warehouse or immediate transportation, in
triplicate, setting forth the particulars in such
entry and the route by which such goods are
to be forwarded, whether by land or watev-
The entry having been compared with the in-
voice and duly sworn to, and such an exam-
ination of the goods and merchandise having
been made as will satisfy the customs officers
that the same corresponds with the manifest
and invoice, and the duties estimated on the
value and quantity of the invoice, and on the
execution of a bond as hereinafter provided,
the collector shall deliver the same to be im-
mediately transported to such port of destina-
tion, at the sole cost and risk of such owner,
agent, or consignee. And goods and merchan-
dise imported to any of the aforesaid ports of
entry, and designed for any port designated by
the thirty-fifth section of this act, the collector
of said port shall give priority in time to the
examination of said goods and merchandise
for the purpose of forwarding the same to their
port of destination, and said examination shall
not necessitate the transportation of said goods
and merchandise to the warehouse or apprais-
er's office; and such merchandise so entered
for immediate transportation shall not be sub-
ject to appraisement and liquidation of duties
at the port of first arrival aforesaid, but shall
undergo such examination as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall deem necessary to verify the
invoice and entry, and the same examination
and appraisement thereof shall be required and
had at the said port of destination as would
have been required at the port, of original im-
portation if such merchandise had been entered
for consumption or warehouse at such port.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That the
bond required by tho foregoing section shall
bo in a penal sum of at least double the invoice
value of the merchandise, with the duties added,
and in such form, and with such number of
sureties (not lass than two) as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and
the said sureties shall justify, by affidavit taken
before the collector of customs and attached to
the said bond, in an amount at least double the
penalty of the bond, and the said collector shall
certify to their sufficiency; and the said bond
may be executed at the port of final destination,
and transmitted to the collector at the port of
first arrival, as provided by the act of March
two, eighteen hundred and thirty-one.
Sec. 31. Andbeit further enacted, That mer-
chandise so entered for transportation shall be
delivered to and transported by common car-
riers, to be designated for this purpose by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and to or by none
others; and such carriers shall be responsible
to the United States as common carriers for
the safe delivery of such merchandise to the
collector at the port of its destination; and
before any such carriers shall be permitted to
receive and transport any such merchandise
they shall become'bound to the United States
in bonds of such form and amount, and with
such conditions (not inconsistent with law) and
such security as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall require.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That
merchandise transported under the provisions
of this act shall be conveyed in ears, vessels,
or vehicles securely fastened with locks or
seals, under the exclusive control of the offi-
cers of customs; and inspectors shall be sta-
tioned at proper points along the designated
routes, or upon any car, vessel, vehicle, or
train, at the discretion of the said Secretary,
and at the expense of said companies respect-
ively. And such merchandise shall not ba
unladen or transshipped between the ports
of first arrival and final destination.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That
merchandise so destined for immediate trans-
portation as aforesaid, except the packages
designated for examination, shall be trans-
ferred, under proper supervision, directly from
the importing vessel to the cars, vessel, or
vehicles in which the same is to be transported
to its final destination ; and if transferred from
the importing vessel to any bonded or other
warehouse, or to any other place than such
car, vessel, or vehicle, it shall be taken pos-
session of by the collector as unclaimed, and
deposited in public store, and shall not be
removed from such store without entry and
appraisement, as in ordinary cases. But the
Secretary of the Treasury may, in his discre-
tion, and with such precaution as he shall deem
proper, authorize the establishment of bonded
warehouses especially and exclusively appro-
priated to the reception of such merchandise
in cases where its immediate transfer to the
transporting ear, vessel, or vehicle shall be
impracticable. But merchandise remaining iu
such warehouse more than ten days shall bo
deprived of the privileges conferred by this
act, and shall be taken possession of by tho
collector as unclaimed, and held until regularly
entered and appraised.
Sec. 3-1. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe fomn
of entries, oaths, bonds, and other papers io
be required, and all needful rules and regula-
tions, not inconsistent with law, to be observed
in the execution of this act, which shall have
the force and effect of law.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That the
privilege of this act shall extend to the port?
of New York, in the State of New York; Bos-
ton, in the State of Massachusetts; Providence,
in the State of Rhode Island; Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania; Baltimore, in the
State of Maryland; Norfolk, in the State of
Virginia; Charleston, in the State of South
Carolina; Savannah, in the State of Georgia;
New Orleans, in the State of Louisiana ; Port-
land, in the State of Maine; Buffalo, in the
State of New York; Chicago, in the State of
Illinois; Cincinnati, in the St^te of Ohio ; Saint
Louis, in the State of Missouri; Evansville, in
the State of Indiana; Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin ; Louisville, in the State of Ken-
tucky; Cleveland, in the State of Ohio; San
Francisco, in the State of California; Port-
land, in the State of Oregon ; Memphis, in the
State of Tennessee; and Mobile, in the State
of Alabama; and to importations from or to
Europe, and from or to Asia, or the islands
adjacent thereto, via the United States.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That, at
each of said ports, for which an appraiser of
imported merchandise is not now provided for
by law, there shall be appointed an appraiser
of imported merchandise, at a salary of three
thousaud dollars per annum, and also such
number of weighers, gangers, measurers, and
inspectors as may be neccs-sary to execute tho
provisions of this act, who shall receive the
ordinary legal compensation of such officers.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That
any person maliciously opening, breaking, or
entering, by any means whatever, any car, ves-
sel, vehicle, warehouse, or package containing
any such merchandise delivered tor transport-
ation as aforesaid, removing, injuring, break-
ing, or defacing any lock or seal placed upon
such car, vessel, vehicle, warehouse, or pack-
age, or aiding, abetting, or encouraging any
other person or persons so to remove, break,
injure, or deface such locks or seals, or to open,
break, or enter such car, vessel, or vehicle,
