1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2665
1842—Russian, 102 cents per pound j Manila, 6}
cents per pound.
1813—Russian, 8} cents per pound; Manila, —cents
per pound.
1844—Russian, — cents per pound; Manila, Oi
cents per pound.
1845—Russian, — cents per pound; Manila, 61 cents
per pound,
1846—Russian, cents perpound; Manila,6j cents
per pound.
1847—Russian, 9j to 14 cents per pound; Manila, GJ
to 12 cents per pound.
1848—Russian. 9r to 10i cents per pound: Manila,
12 to 8f cents per pound.
1849—Russian, 8 cents per pound; Manila, 8} cents
per pound.
1850—Russian,—contsper pound; Manila, 91 cents
per pound.
1851—Russian, 8 cents per pound; Manila, 11 ccnts
per pound.
1852—Russian, 8 cents per pound; Manila, 11 cents
per pound.
1853—Russian, 9 cents per pound; Manila, lOi to
12v cents per pound.
1854—Russian, 145 cents per pound; Manila, 6j cents
per pound.
1855—Russian, 13 cents per pound; Manila, 11 cents
per pound.
1856—Russian, 145- to 11-} cents per pound; Manila,
8 to 10 V cents per pound.
1857—Russian, 10] to 1H cents per pound; Manila,
li to 8f cents per pound.
1858—Russian, 9 cents per pound; Manila, 1 cents
per pound.
1859—Russian, 9J cents per pound; Manila, Gi cents
per pound.
1800—Russian, 10';- to 11} cents per pound; Manila,
G? to 10i cents per pound.
The price of hemp proper has varied since tholast
of tlio above dates, from about 10 ccnts per pound in
1861, to 30 cents in 1864, and 22 cents in 1869; that ot
Manila, from 51 cents in 1861, to 18centsin 1SG4,1867,
and 1869.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &o.,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. II. C. iSciienck, Chairman Committeeof Ways ana
Means, House of Representatives.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. Mr. Chair-
man, the argument of the gentleman who has
just spoken on behalf of the committee in con-
nection with the communication from the Navy
Department, proceeds on a statement of fact
which does not exist. The language of the
treaty is, not that the duties on identical art-
icles shall be the same, but that like articles
shall be subject to the same duty.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will allow
me I would ask him a question. Do not the
Russian Government conduct their diplomatic
correspondence in the French language, and
use that language in the text of their treaties ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. And where the words
"the like" occur are not the corresponding
words in the Russian copy, " les mtsmes,"
"the same," of which our translation in the
American copy is " the like?"
Mr. BANKS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will get no advan-
tage from that statement. The language in
the copy of the treaty, which is the legal doc-
ument for us, is "the like" articles. And
although the expression in the French is " les
mtmes"—"the same," that does not mean
identical articles. X'he two phrases are dis-
tinct and entirely different and have no rela-
tion to each other. The treaty with Russia is
express that the duties upon "like" articles
shall be the same, and in the other clause of
the treaty it is yet more absolute that where
an advantage is given to one Government it
shall be immediately and freely given to the
Russian Government on the same articles.
Now, the communication which has been
read from the Navy Department follows the
Hue of argument which my colleague [Mr.
Hooper] has introduced, that this is not iden-
tically the same; but that does not show that
this is not a "likearticle" or that a difference
between $40 per ton in the case of Russia and
$2-3 per ton in the case of the Spanish colony
is not an advantage given to Spain. It does
not show that. Clearly there is an advantage
given to the Spanish colony in this regard.
Well now, sir, under the tariff of 1841-42,
the difference between 10 per cent, and 6J per
cent, was so slight a difference as perhaps to
attract no attention, certainly to excite no
comment. It does not appear that the Presi-
dent of the United States then called the atten-
tion of Congress to the subject, but when you
come to a difference between $40 per ton on
the part of Russia and $25 per ton on the part
of the Spanish colony it makes such a differ-
ence that we are compelled to take notice of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECIC. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I admit that this is one of the artieles
to which some protection is given that needs
it. The States of Kentucky and Missouri are
more largely interested than any others. Illi-
nois, Indiana, western New York, and Ohio
are perhaps more largely interested in flax.
In addition to the letter which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has, had
read, showing the marked difference between
Manila and hemp, I ask the attention of the
committee to a letter from the gentleman [Mr.
Hooper] himself to the Secretary of State,
which 1 think makes the case out clearly
against, the Russian Government. The letter
is as follows:
Bear Sik : Agreeably to your request I now re-
turn to you the copy of the translation of the note
from his Excellency M. Do Catacazy, of the Gf.]i of
December, relating to the duty imposed on hemp
imported into this country from Russia, also the copy
of the letter of tho Secretary of the Treasury on the
same subject,, dated tho 30th October Inst, which
you did me the honor to submit for iny perusal and
consideration.
M. De Catacazy refers in his note to tho English
version of the sixth article of the treaty of lb32,
which says that "no higher or other duties shall bo
imposed on tho importations into the United States
of any articles tho produce or manufacture ot Rus-
sia," " * '' * "than are, or shall be
payablo on the like articlc being tho produce or
manufacture of any other country;" and he claims
that tho tariffs which have imposed a higherduty.on
Russia lioinp than on Manila and on other hemps
from tho East Indies, aro an infringement of that
treaty, for the reason that tho articlo cailcd hemp
imported from tho East Indies and Manilla is a
'likoarticle"toRussianhomp. M.Do Catacazy adds,
however, in his note, " It is very truo that Russian
homp and Manila aro produced from difforent
plants." Admitting that botanieally they are not
"like articles," yet ho claims that " they aro abso-
lutely identical articles," for the reason "that they
aro used for the same purposes and quoted at tho
samo prices."
The articlo claimcd to be Manila liemp, and which
is now known by that name m commerce, was until
within a few years known as "plantain bark "and
as "Manila grass;'' an essential difference between
it nndliompis that tho fiber is light and solid; that
it floats on water and will not absorb tar, while tho
truo hemp absorbs tar and sinks in water.
It appears by tho inclosed copy of an official state-
ment from the Navy Department, made at tho re-
quest of the Committeeof Way and Means for their
information in considering proposed changes in the
existing tariff, that there is hardly moro identity in
tho purposes for which Russia hemp and Manila aro
used, or as to the prices at which they have been sold
in this country, than thoro is in their botanical char-
acter.
Tho word "like" isvery indefinite in its meaning
and may have a great, range iu its application. If I
am not mistaken tho Russian copy of the treaty of
1832 is in French, and the word "memes" is used in
it ascorrespondingtothoword "like" mthcEnglisli
copy of the treaty. I supposo tho French word
"mimes" could only be translated to mca-n "the
same." May not this French word be considered as
evidence of what was intended by the framors of the
treaty? And surely no onewould claim thatManila
was "tho same article" as Russian hemp, for no
other reason than because it could be used forsomo
of the purposes for which true hemp is used.
Since the namo of " Manila hemp " has been sub-
stituted for that of "plantain bark" or "Manila
grass," the question now presented by the Russian
minister lias been several times raised by merchants
importing hemp, and suits brought to recovor tho
excess of duty on Russian hemp beyond that im-
posed on Manila and sun hemp from India. When
R. J. Walker was Secretary of tho Treasury Mr.
Ernest Fuller had imported in the same vessel from
London a quantity of Russian hemp and of Bombay
sun hemp. A duty of $40 was assessed on the first as
"unmanufactured hemp" and415 on the sun hemp;
and Mr. I'idler claimed that by tho treaty tile Rus-
sian hemp should be assessed at the same rate as the
sun. and brought a suit to recover the difference.
After a trial, which lasted through ten days, Juilgo
Sprague, before whom the case was heard in tho
United States court at Boston, decided that it was a
diplomatic question which tho Government of Rus-
sia alone could raise, if it felt aggrieved, by bringing
it to the notice of tho State Department.
This question has been brought to the attention
of the Committee of Ways and Means by the recent
message of the President. In the proposed amend-
ments to the tariff in the bill reported by tho com-
mittee to the House of Representatives all "unman-
ufactured hemp" is subject to a duty of '|4d£er ton,
and - Manila sun and other substitutes for hemp"
of $25 per ton. It was proposed in the cowiiitttoe to
meet tho views of tho Russian minister by reducing
the duty on Russian hemp to $25; but those who rep-
resented the interests of the growers of hemp in Eon-
tacky and Missouri objected to any reduction of .the
duty as affecting injuriously the interests of those
States, while they would not object, so far as they
ate concerned, to Manila coming in free.
The reduction of the imports of Russian hemp lias
been caused by the improvement in the quality of
hemp grown in tho western States, and not, as sup-
posed by M. DeOatacazy, by the increased import-
ation of Manila.
With groat respect, I am, your obedient servant,
SAMUEL HOOPER.
I-lOn. li.imiiton Fish.
Secretary of State, Washington, D. G.
Hemp and Manila are not identical in any
particular. The one is an annual plant raised
by labor and cultivation. Manila, which used
to be called "plantain bark," is merely the
leaves of the plantain bush stripped off and
dried iu the sun. They are not the same in
any regard, except that both can be used in
making a certain sort of rope. Bat Manila
will not take tar, cannot be used for fixed
cordage, will not make oakiim, and is of no
value after its first use except to make inferior
brown paper. It is known in commercial cir-
cles as " Manila grass," instead of hemp.
I desire to say that this articlc of hemp is
worth 22 cents a pound, and a year or two
since it was worth 30 cents a pound. Twenty-
two cents a pound is_ $440 a ton, and the pro-
tection you give it is $40 a ton, or about 9J-
per cent. When it was worth 30 cents a pound
its value was $000 per ton, and the protection
was only CJ per cent. That is all the protec-
tion you are giving it to-day, while the protec-
tion to other articles—cottons, woolens, and
everything else—ranges from 40 per cent, up
to over 100 per cent., and the House the other
day was unwilling to put the protection on
woolens down to 100 per cent. This is one of
the few interests protected in the West, and yet
you complain because they are asking 10 per
cent, protection, which is all that is proposed
by this bill.
Let me say hero that this is tho samo pro-
tection which has been extended to this article
since 1842, under Whig, Democratic, and
Republican Administrations—$40 per ton.
Let me say further, that if you destroy the
home growth of this article it leaves us at
the mercy of Russia, as these gentlemen seem
to want you to be, and any nation that obtains
control over the ports of the Mediterranean
and the Baltic can shut us out from it as thor-
oughly as if there was not a pound of it in the
world. Destroy this interest, and it takes three
years to restore it, no matter how urgent the
necessity for it; and I admit you can destroy
it by reducing the tariff as proposed. Even
with this little protection we are now raising
hemp of such quality that, as the Secretary of
the Navy says, it is not the Manila hemp that
is keeping Russia hemp out of the country,
but the superior hemp of Kentucky and Mis-
souri, which our Navy are able to use and not
to depend upon the supply from Russia.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. BANKS. As the views of our Gov-
ernment upon this subject have been placed
upon record here, I ask that the views of the
other side be also printed in the report of our
proceedings iti the Globe.
No objection was made.
The paper referred to is as follows:
The treaty of commerce and navigation between
Russia and the United States, signed tho 6th of De-
cember, 18J2, andratifledthoUthol'May, 183a,stipu-
lates :
"Abtiole VI.
No higher or other duties shall be imposed on tho
importations into the United States of any article
the produce or manufacture of Russia; and no higher
or other duties shall beimposedon the importations
into the empire of Russia of any article the produce
or manufacture of the United States ihan are or
shall be payable on the like article being tho pro-
duction or manufacture of any otkor foreign ooud-
'ry* "Artiom XI.
-If either party shall hereafter grant to any other
