1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4553
gical Society in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act fixing the compensation for the
bailiffs and criers of the courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved February 22,
1867; and
A bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an Asso-
ciation for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Hou^e had passed the bill (3. No. 927) to make
legal a certain act of the councils of the city
of Washington.
SOo rilliPvX PACIFIC RAILIIOAD.
Mr. IllCE. I move that the Post Office ap-
propriation bill be postponed, for the purpose
of taking up the Southern Pacific railroad bill,
(S. No. (>47.) I think we can dispose of it to-
night without any trouble ; perhaps within an
hour. I do not know of any debate that is
going to rise upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves to postpone the appropriation
bill and all other orders, for the purpose of con-
sidering thp second special order on the Cal-
endar of special orders, the Southern Pacilie
railroad hill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the Senator should feel like insisting upon that
motion after what was said this morning, and
after the complication which has been produced
by the amendment to the bill relative to the
franking privilege. If the Senate intend to
make any progress whatever with the appro-
priation bills at this session, it seems to me
they will feel called upon to go on with the
Post, Office bill now, and finish it.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Arkansas will prevail. The
Southern Pacific railroad is a matter of great
national importance, particularly to the people
of the southern States. We have postponed
action upon it till a very late day in the ses-
sion, and as it has to pass the House in order
to become a law, it is important that it snould
be acted upon immediately. We can pass the
bill to-night; and 'I hope the Senate will take
it up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not troubled the
Senate for some time with any bill from any
committee, and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations notified me and notified
other Senators that he would yield to no bill
at all to-night; and with that understanding
I did not attempt to get the floor for the pur-
pose of calling up a hill from the Commutee
Oil Public Lands which I have ill charge. With
that understanding many Senators I presume
have not attempted to interfere with the appro-
priation hill On account of that understand-
ing, 1 shall feel bound to stand by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
although I am a friend of this Southern Pacific
railroad bill, and expect to support and vote
for it when it is before the Senate ; but as the
understanding has been that this appropriation
bill was to go on to-night, I think we had
better.go on with it.
Mr. SPJ3NCER. That is very libera! on the
part of" the Senator from Oregon. We have
passed all the legislation he has asked for, of
all kinds and descriptions, for his State, and
now he ought to stand by the South for this
bill.
Mr. STEWART. I think if the evenings
were devoted to the passage of some other bills
beside appropriation bills, and our dajs to the
appropriation bills, we could get the work
along about as well. I think there ought to
be a general understanding that we shall not
interfere with the appropriation bills in the
day-time. I am aware that, the chairman ot
the Committee on Appropriations had a si rug-
gle to day which he onglu not to have had. I
know that was veiy unplrasant tor him : but he
ought to have the day-time whenever he wants
it, and that is enough for the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think we can finish
that bill to-night. I do notsuppose there are
five Senators in the Chamber who imagined
it would be brought up here to-night. I trust
the motion will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not going
to struggle, every time I come into the Cham-
ber, to bring the appropriation bills before the
Senate. If it is the sense of the Senate of the
United States that when an appropriation bill
is in progress any gentleman who has a private
bill is at liberty to move to set the appropria-
tion bill aside and have the countenance of thfe
Senate, I need not say that it is utterly impos-
sible for "anybody to conduct an appropria-
tion bill. I have had to struggle with one or
two of those bills against measures of a public
character, which was a very great embarrass-
ment, as everybody saw ; but there was some
necessity for that. But I can conceive no
necessity whatever, when a bill like this is
under consideration, for the introduction of a
new proposition of a private character, because
a railroad bill is of a private character. I do
not mean to undervalue the measure which is
proposed. It is a Pacific railroad. I am in
favor of it, as I suppose. I know I am in a
general way, and I suppose the bill is of that
character that 1 shall favor it; but the idea of
bringing that hill up here to-night against a
general appropriation bill, and that bill already
loaded down by another measure, is a propo-
sition that I do not think 1 ought to be called
upon to encounter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
The question was put; and a division called
for.
Mr. I1ICE. I wish to say that this bill is a
I matier of very decided importance to us ; I do
not know that it is to anybody else. To those
who live at the South it is of considerable
importance. It has boon delayed from time
to time for one reason and another until it is
now time, if it is intended to be passed at this
session, that it should be taken up and passed.
I do not know that there is any disposition to
keep it from being passed when it is once up ;
but there seems to be a disposition to never
let it come up for action. I am willing, instead
of taking it up to-night, if the Senate will
unanimously ajree to take it up on Monday at
one o'clock, or Monday night, if I can get
unanimous consent, I am willing to take that
time.
Mr. POMEEOY. Suppose we agree upon
Monday night.
Mr. K1CE. I will agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Arkansas asks unauimous consent that the bill
may be considered on Monday night at half
past seven o'clock. The Chair hears no objec-
tion; and it is so ordered,
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator rise to objectV
Mr. FOWLER. I was oniy going to state
an additional reason why we should take up
that bill to-night in preference to the present
appropriation bill, it is ^because I am afraid
we shall not go through with the Post Office
bill with the section for the abolition of the
franking privilege upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate lifts
made an order, by unanimous consent, fortius
bill to- come up on Monday night at half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no sentiment of
opposition to the bill which the Senator from
| Arkansas has m charge, but I must say that 1
j am, upon general principles, opposed to con-
I senting to take up a bill of that importance m
I the evening; therefore 1 must object to setting
1 it for half past seven o'clock on Monday.
Mr. RICE. The objection, is too late, is it
not ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is too late; butt the Chair does not feel dis-
posed to rob any Senator of the right to object.
The Senator from California certainly rose after
the Chair had stated that there was no objec-
tion, when the Senator from Tennessee rose.
If the Senator from California states that he
rose in time the Chair will entertain that as an
objection.
Mr. RICE. I wish to state to the Senator
from California that the Senate have notice
now that the bill will come up next Monday
night; so that there is sufficient notice on the
subject:* I hope the Senator will not insist on
any objection, because we want to fix some
time for this bill. It is better to have it come
up then, with notice, than to try to push it now,
when there has been no previous notice.
Mr. HOWE. I beg to submit to my friend
from Arkansas that he do not attempt to an-
tagonize liis bill against appropriation bills, but
ask to take it up when we have not an appro-
priation bill before us. I dare say then the
Senate will give him all he asks; but if he
spends a night or two in trying to get unan-
imous consent 
Mr. RICE. I have got iL
Mr. HOWE. Is that so?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asked
if there was objection. • There were no objec-
tions. The Senator frotnTennessee then rose,
stating that he desired that this bill should be
taken up for action speedily. The Chair stated
to him that the Senate had unanimously con-
sented to take it up on Monday night. The
Senator from California then rose and stated
he felt the necessity of objecting, on account
of its being taken up at a night session. The
Chair submits it to the Senator whether he
thinks himself he was in time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Isupposed I was in time.
The truth is that it seems to me, with due re-
spect to the Senate, that the proceedings of this
body ought to he carried on with a certain
amount of deliberation. I do not think this
is a ward meeting, where everybody is to be
put to the stretch of his voice and the spring
of his muscles to jump forward and make an
objection when he has one. My general notion
is that when a Senator rises to make his objec-
tion, even although some Senator may have
sprung to the floor, and having the eye of the
Chair has the advantage of him, that objection
ought to be entertained, where it is a question
especially of unanimous consent.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from California 
Mr. CASSERLY. One moment; I wish to
get through with my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator torn
California insists on proceeding.
Mr. CASSERLY. IJiave to say for myself
that if there is to be a perpetual scramble for
the eye of the Chair or for the possession of the
floor I shall have to give it up. I do not pro-
pose to engage in it, and I do not believe that
it is the sentiment of the Senate that such an
idea should prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from California, after the
remarks he has made, that the Chair (lid not
submit the question with any precipitancy or
haste to the Senate. He did it very slowly.
He waited for objections. No Senator rose;
no Senator objected. The Chair did not see
the Senator from California if he rose. The
Senator from Tennessee rose when the Chair
was putting the question. He then asked the
Senator from Tennessee if he had any motion
to make in regard to it. After his remarks the
Senator from California rose. But the Chair
has not acted in any precipitate manner, as
is the case at ward meetings or elsewhere.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust the Chair will not
understand me as having the slightest relbenee
to the Chair in any remarks 1 made. What I
mean to say is this:'that it is quite impossible
