1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70 r
Latvs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
with intent to remove or cause to be removed
unlawfully any merchandise therein, or in any
manner to injure or defraud the United States :
and any person receiving any merchandise un-
lawfully removed from any such car, vessel, or
vehicle, knowing it to have been so unlawfully
removed, shall be guilty of felony, and in ad-
dition to any penalties heretofore prescribed
shall, on conviction, be imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years; and
any person swearing willfully false in any oath
prescribed in this act, or by the Secretary of
the Treasury in pursuance of authority to make
all needful regulations conferred upon him by
this act, shall be guilty of willful and corrupt
perjury.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That
sections twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-
two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-
six, and thirty-seven of this act shall take
effect on the first day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy.
Approved, July 14. 1870.
Chap. CCLVI.—An Act to authorize the
Refunding of the National Debt.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to issue, in a sum
or sums not exceeding in the aggregate two
hundred million dollars, coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, in such form as he
may prescribe, and of denominations of fifty
dollars, or some multiple of that sum, redeem-
able in coin of the present standard value, at the
pleasure of the United States, after ten years
from the date of their issue, and bearing inter-
est, payable semi-annually in such coin, at the
rate of five per cent, per annum ; also a sum
or sums not exceeding in the aggregate three
hundred million dollarsof likeboads, the same
in all respects, but payable at the pleasure of the
United States, after fifteen years from the date
of their issue, and bearing interest at the rate
of four and a half per cent, per annum; also
a sum or sums not exceeding in the aggregate
one thousand million dollars of like bonds, the
same in all respects, but payable at the pleas-
ure of the United States, after thirty years
from the date of their issue, and bearing in-
terest at the rate of four per cent, per annum ;
all of which said several classes of bonds and the
interest thereon shall be exempt from the pay-
ment of all taxes or duties of the United States,
as well as from taxation in any form by or
under State, municipal, or local authority ; and
the said bonds shall have set forth and ex-
pressed upon their face the above-specified con-
ditions, and shall, with their coupons, be made
payable at the Treasury of the United States.
But nothing in this act, or in any other law now
in force, shall be construed to authorize any
increase whatever of the bonded debt of the
United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to sell and dispose of any of the bonds issued
under this act, at not less than their par value
for coin, and to apply the proceeds thereof to
the redemption ofany of the bonds of the United
States outstanding, and known as five-twenty
bonds, at their par value, or he may exchange
the same for such five-twenty bonds, par for
par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall be
used for no other purpose whatsoever. And
a sum not exceeding one half of one per cent,
of the bonds herein authorized is hereby appro-
priated to pay the expense of preparing, issu-
ing, advertising, and disposing of the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
payment of any of the bonds hereby author-
ized after the expiration of the said several
terms of ten, fifteen, and thirty years, shall be
made in amounts to be determined from time
to time by the Secretary of the Treasury at
his discretion, the bonds so to be paid to be
distinguished and described by the dates and
numbers, beginning for each successive pay-
ment with the bonds of each class last dated
and numbered, of the time of which intended
payment or redemption the Secretary of the
Treasury shall give public notice, and the in-
terest on the particular bonds so selected at
any time to be paid shall cease at the expira-
tion of three months from the date of such
notice.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized,
with any coin in the Treasury of the United
States which he may lawfully apply to such
purpose, or which may be derived from the
sale of any of the bonds, the issue of which is
provided for in this act, to pay at par and can-
cel any six per cent, bonds of the United States
of the kind known as five-twenty bonds, which
have become orshall hereafter become redeem-
able by the terms of their issue. But the par-
ticular bonds so to be paid and canceled shall
in all cases be indicated and specified by class,
date, and number, in the orde[r] of their num-
bers and issue, beginning with the first num-
bered and issued, in public notice to be given
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and in three
months after the date of such public notice the
interest on the bonds so selected and adver-
tised to be paid shall cease.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized,
at any time within two years from the passage
of this act, to receive gold coin of the United
States on deposit for not less than thirty days,
in sums of not less than one hundred dollars,
with the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treasurer
of the United States authorized by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to receive the same, who
shall issue therefor certificates of deposit, made
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, and said certificates of deposit
shall bear interest at a rate not exceeding two
and a half per cent, per annum ; and any
amount of gold coin so deposited may be with-
drawn from deposit at any time after thirty
days from the date of deposit, and after ten
days' notice and on the return of said certifi-
cates: Provided, That the interest on all such
deposits shall cease and determine at the pleas-
ure of the Secretary of the Treasury. And
not less than twenty-five per cent, of the coin
deposited for or represented by said certificates
of deposits shall be retained in the Treasury
for the payment of said certificates ; and the
excess beyond twenty-five per cent, may be
applied at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury to the payment or redemption of such
outstanding bonds of the United States hereto-
fore issued and known as the five-twenty bonds,
as he may designate under the provisions of
the fourth section of this act; and any certifi-
cates of deposit issued as aforesaid, may be
received at par with the interest accrued there-
on in payment for any bonds authorized to be
issued by this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, lhatthe
United States bonds purchased and now held
in the Treasury in accordance with the provis-
ions relating to a sinking fund, of section five
of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the re-
demption or funding thereof, and for funding
thefloatingdebtoftheUnited States," approved
February twenty fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, and all other United States bonds
which have been purchased by the Secretary
of the Treasury with surplus funds in the Treas-
ury, and now held in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, shall be canceled and destroyed,
a detailed record of such bonds so canceled
and destroyed to be first made in the books
of the Treasury Department. Any bonds here-
after applied to said sinkingfund, and all other
United States bonds redeemed or paid here-
after by the United States, shall also in like
manner be recorded, canceled and destroyed,
and the amount of the bonds of each class
that have been canceled and destroyed shall
be deducted respectively from the amount of
each class of the outstanding debt of the Uni-
ted States. In addition to other amounts that
may he applied to the redemption or payment
of the public debt, an amount equal to the
interest on all bonds belonging to the afore-
said sinking fund shall be applied, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall from time to time
direct, to the payment of the public debt as
provided for in section five of the act afore-
said. And the amount so to be applied is
hereby appropriated annually for that pur-
pose, out of the receipts for duties on imported
goods.
Approved, July 1-1, 1870.
CiiAr. CCLVir.—An Act to require National
Banks going into Liquidation to retire their
Circulating Notes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every bank that has
heretofore gone into liquidation under the pro-
visions of section forty-two of the national cur-
rency act, shall be required to deposit lawful
money of the United States for its outstanding
circulation within sixty days from the date of
the passage of this act. And every bank that
may hereafter go into liquidation shall be re-
quired to deposit lawful money of the United
States for its outstanding circulation within six
months from the date of the vote to go into
liquidation; whereupon the bonds pledged as
security for such circulation shall be surren-
dered to the association making such deposit.
And if any bank shall fail to make the deposit
and take up its bonds for thirty days after the
expiration of the time specified, the Comp
troller of the Currency shall have power to seii
the bonds pledged for the circulation of said
bank at public auction in New York city, and
after providing for the redemption and can-
cellation of said circulation, and the necessary
expenses of the sale, to pay over any balancc
remaining from the proceeds to the bank, or
itslegalrepresentative: Provided, Thatbanks
which are winding up in good faith for the pur-
1 pose of consolidating with other banks shall be
! exempt from the provisions of this act: And
! provided further, That the assets and liabili-
] ties of banks so in liquidation shall be reported
by the banks with which they are in process
of consolidation.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Cii.vp. CCLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
the United States and Brazil Steamship
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
refund to the United States and Brazil Steam-
ship Company, outof any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, all sums here-
tofore collccted at the custom-house at New
York city by way of tonnage taxes upon the ves-
sels of said company employed in mail service
between the United States and Brazil, under
the provisions of the act of twenty-eighth May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An
act authorizing the establishment of oeean nia:l
steamship service between the United States
and Brazil," notwithstanding that such sums
were paid without due legal protest and appeal:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall be
produced to the said Secretary that at the time
the said taxes were imposed the said vessels
were in Brazil specially exempted from similar
