1870.
TgjS, GiLOBE.
8609
i mpossible, by a voluntary delegation of power.
It ceases to be true self-government as soon
as the powers of government are conferred as
an exclusive privilege on one portion of the
people and is withheld from the rest. And
now is self-government exercised? By the
right of suffrage. The representative system
knows no other instrumentality. Suffrage is
the means by which it lives and breathes.
To make self-government true, general, and
secure, therefore, the right of suffrage must
be made secure to the generality of the citi-
zens. You limit the right of suffrage by arbi-
trary exclusions, and just in that measure and
to that extent will you impair the integrity of
self-government. Protect every citizen in the
free exercise of the rigTit of suffrage .and you
do the thing best calculated to make self-gov-
ernment a general and living reality. 1 do
not express any opinion here of the policy of
restricting suffrage by an educational test, for
it will not affect the principle.
Andnowthe Democrats accuse us of destroy-
ing self government by the very means which
are instrumental in securing it in all the sub-
divisions of the Republic. I repeat, there
never was a more preposterous charge. Sir,
in a very large portion of this Republic that
which could justly be called self-government
of the people never existed. Now, at last, we
are establishing it there by placing the right of
suffrage on the broadest democratic basis, thus
making the people of all the States, in the true
sense of the term, self-governing bodies. And
it is for this that we are denounced by our
Democratic friends here, as the sworn enemies
of self-government and State rights. Sir, I
apprehend it is.not for self-government and
State rights that our Democratic associates are
standing up; but, drawing logical conclusions
from, the reasoning they have been indulging
in, it is for State wrongs they contend. It is
not for the liberty of all, but it is for the lib-
erty of one to restrict and impair the liberty
of another. It is not for true self-government
of the people, bnt it is for the government of
one part of the people over another part.
The time is past, sir? when, the cry of State
rights will serve as a guise for such pretensions.
I, too, am a friend and earnest .advocate of
State rights, as. far as State rights are the
embodiment of true local self-government.
True, I do not cling to those traditional no-
tions which an historical period now passed by
and absolved has brought down to us. I do
not cherish that sentimental—I might almost
say thai superstitious—reverence for individ-
ual Sta' 2S, which attributes to them as histor-
ical pei sons a sort of transcendental sanctity;
but I do-believe, that their value can hardly be
over-estimated as compact political sub-organ-
izations, .through which and in which the self-
government of the people is exercised, and
within which it.finds its most appropriate and
efficient organs. I am therefore in favor of
leaving to the States as large a scope of inde-
pendent action as may be consistent with the
safety of the Eepublic and the rights of the
citizens..
In fact, sir, in my opinion, true local self-
government is the great fountain from which the
popular mind draws its healthiest and most, in-
vigorating inspirations. It is notoaly a machin-
ery of political action, bat it is one of the most
efficient educational agencies of our social sys-
tem. There is nothing better calculated to make?
a man understand and protect his interests,
nothing more inspiring and instructive to the;
heart and mind of man than tfye independent
management of his own affairs, upon his own
responsibility; and there is nothing more in-
spiring and invigorating tQr.a commuaity of
men, than free cooperation for common ends
on a common responsibility, iawhich the in-
terest of each individual is involved.
. That, sir, is what puts men upon their own
feet. When thejr have accustomed themselves
to depend on their own wisdom or energy for
success, and to blame themselves and not others
for failure and mishap in'individual and oom-
mon concerns, then they will become, truly
independent beings, such as the citizens of a
democratic republic ought to be. Therefore,
? hi8h importance that as many respons-
ibilities as possible should be laid at the door
, of every citizen by local self-government.
We are apt to grow eloquent: in the praise
, of the educational systems established in many
J of our States. They are, indeed, praiseworthy:
and yet they are as such by no means superior
to the educational systems enjoyed in some
other countries. , ,
It may be said that in some German States the
system is even better developed than in the most
advanced States of New England; and yet we
perceive here a higher average of popular
intelligence. We find that the American is
generally quicker of perception, readier in the
comprehension of the practical problem* of
life, more vigorous and energetic in action,
than people formed by a better school system
elsewhere. Why is this so ? • Not because our
babies are born smarter here ; not because our
boys and girls learn to read, write, and cipher
better in our schools; not because their in-
: structioa in geography and natural science is
; more thorough ; but the reason is, that as soon
as the,young American issues from the hands
of his schoolmaster and enters the arenai of
; practical life, he finds in the rights and dallies
: and responsibilities of self-government a more
| powerful, incentive and, a large? field for the
j exercise ©f all his faculties and for theimmedi*
ate application of all his acquirements.. Thus
self-government and popular education aid,
inspire^ and complement one another; and
hence the great results we observe^
And now let me impress upon our Dem-
ocratic friends that for this very reason nothr
ing is more .important, nay, more necessary,
for the harmonious development of the social
forces of this Republic, as they now stand side
by side and have to work together, than. that
all,, even the lowliest classes of the people,
should be drawn within the circle of this be-
neficent combination of educational influences,
and that they, sho.uld be carefully protected in
their complete enjoyment. And if you study
our social problems without prejudice you will
find that just thiaig gnaof.tfee most valuable
results of that constitutional eevoluUon which
so sorely distresses the Democraiie mind.
But for the precise reason which I have just
indicated the revolution which is to protect
all American citizens in the exercise of self-
government ought not to be carried so far as
to encroach upon its legitimate scope. I am,
therefore, strenuously opposed to all unneces-
sary accumulation of .powers in the hands of
the General Government, and especially to any
«ndue centralization of administrative func-
tions. In my opinion^ atid I say this to my
party friends, it would be well for ns to bridle
that tendenoy which we have so frequently had
occasion to observe,, to. thrust the hand of the
nataonal Government into local affkirson every
possible occasion, and even to disregard and
throw aside the most fundamental safeguards
of popular eights for the correction of passing
ism:
I know it is fashionable to call that radical-
. but I apprehend it is false radicalism ia
tho highest degree. We ought not to accus-
tom ourselves, nor those who are to foHow ns
ia, these seats, to the employment of arbitrary
powers, and still less ought we to accustom
the people to look always to the national G ov-
eromeat for redreas whenever anything goes
wrong in their home concerns. ; Destroy their
nabit of holding themseivea responsible for
the management of their home affairs, deprive
them of the. great lesaofl of failure to be cor-
rected by. themselves, and they will soon cease
to study and understand the nature of the 6vils
under which they laborr as well a  the reme-
dies to be applied. Thus the educating power
of onr institutions will be fatally impaired.
There can be nothing more preposterous, in
ray opinion, than the system prevailing in some
foreign countries, where the people are per-
mitted to vote upon the greatest and most com-
plicated questions of general policy while they
are not permitted to manage upon their own
responsibility their home affairs at their own
doors; the great popular school of political
knowledge and experience, which consists in
self-government, being thus closed to them.
Certainly, it is not to be wondered at if in such
countries universal suffrage becomes a mere
instrument in the hands of despotism; an in-
strument which; indeed, may serve from time
to time to subvert one form of despotism, but
only to substitute for it another.
Therefore I am for State rights as the em-
bodiment of true and general self-government,
and I am convinced that this is the prevailing
sentiment among the American people. It
would be a sad day for this Republic if it should
cease to be so. It ia true the exigencies of the
civil war .have quite naturally developed a tend-
ency to. accumulate and centralize power in
the hands of the national Government, and
while that accumulation was necessary to save
the existence of the Republic, the people of
the United States willingly and patriotically
and cheerfully acquiesced in it; but as soon
as the pressure of necessity ceases, as soon as
it becomes1 apparent that the great problems
for the solution of which we are struggling
may be solved just as well by the simple oper-
ations of local self-government as by the inter-
| ference of the national powers then the tide
i will just as: certainly set in the opposite di-
I rection; I am sure the people of the United
States isMl never countenance an accumula-
tion of power merely for power's sake, and
the Republican party will do well to consider
whether it is not better far their usefulness and
ascendency to direct than to resist that tide.
For this reason I earnestly deprecate those
hazardous interpretations which have been
applied to.that clause of the Constitution which
makes it the duty of the United States to guar-
anty to every State a republican form of govern-
ment. I certainly recognize that duty asa great,
solemn, and saored one; but I deny that it con-
fers upon the national Government the power
to do all within the riu>ge of the human imagin-
ation. ; Ideny that itawthorizes or enables us
to Use thfe arra of tbe national authority for
the purpose of realizing by force what o®aoep-
tion each of as may etatertain ofthe " ideal
republic."
In whatever way political philosophers may
define theterm a republican form of govern-
ment," it seems to me that, the Constitution
of the United States in its amended, or-, as our
Democratic' friends woald have it* in its revo-
lutionized state; has provisions which give a
fair index o# the powers conferred upon Con-
gressby the guarantee claase. There we read
that Congress shall see to it that no State es-
tablishes or maintains slavery or involuntary
servitude; there we read that Congress shall
see to ifcthal every man bom upon this soil or
■aturahzed, and therefore a citieen of the Uni-
ted States, shall be protected-in all the rights,
privileges, and immunities of citizens in every
State of this Union; there-we read that Con-
gress shall see to it that every citizen of the
United States shall be protected in his right to
the ballot, irrespective of race or color.
Bat tbe constitutional revolution has enlarged
the powers of Congress for the purpose of es-
tablishing and securing ttue aftd- general self-
government in all of these States, not for the
p«rpose of circumscribing its scope and func-
tions within Hammer limits. It has indeed
overthrown what' I call State wrongs; but it
was not designed to abolish' what I would call
the' legitimate sphere of geate rights. And I
vemtttre to say-^attd I eaafcot repeat this warn-
ing too often-—t&e p«#ty -which would attempt
to carry thatrevolotioiv much farther in the
dirfectioK.of Bfrttadve centralization of power
would ran against a popular instinct fAr stronger
than party allegiance has ever proved to be,
