1870.
THE CONGKESSIONA.L GLOBE.
5497
aware of any facts peculiar to Kansas that do
not apply to other sections ; and I know there
is an anxious desire generally to increase these
appropriations, and if we depart from the bill
in one instance, I do not see how we are to
adhere in others. I suggest to my friend
whether it is worth while to move an increase
of $10,000.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a matter of great
importance. I can state to the Senator from
Maine, and to the Senate, that the lands in
the State of Kansas are being taken by settlers
with most unparalleled rapidity. I remarked
several days ago to the Senate that we had
evidence of our population increasing a thou-
sand a day, going on to the public lands, and
the Senator knows, because he is familiar with
this question, what embarrassment it is to go
on the lands before the surveys. Two settlers
will be on the same Quarter section ; and then
there is a contest, often a law suit. One of
them gets it finally, and the other is left out.
It deranges the settlement of a new State
incalculably. As the Government has got
to survey these lands, as it cannot dispose of
them till they are surveyed, why not give us
the customary amount we have had year by
year, and such as the Secretary of the Interior
recommends and urges? My own impulse
would lead me to move for $60,000 ; and I see
that up in Dakota, for the benefit of a railroad
company, the House has put on over ninety
thousand dollars. I think that is right; it
ought to be done; but here are three or four
roads pressing out from the State of Kansas,
talcing emigrants with them by hundreds and
by thousands, and the land is not surveyed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, letus vote ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Seo.—. And be it further enacted. That the heads
of the several Executive Departments be, and they
are hereby, authorized to allow, and thereshall be
paid from any proper appropriation, to officers and
employes ot the United States who failed to take the
oath proscribed by the act approved July 2,1862, such
sum or sums of money as may be found due to them,
respectively, by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department, tor the services heretofore actually
rendered, at the rates prescribed by law or the reg-
ulations of the proper Department: Provided, That
beloro any such compensation shall be allowed or
paid, it shall be made to appear that said oath was
duly taken after the rendition of such services, or the
person chtiinin!? the same shall subscribe and take,
before some competent ofliecr, and file, with the
acjount, the oatii or affirmation prescribed by tho
actrequiimg an o ith of allegiance and to support the
Constitution of the U.uted States, approved August
fi, 1S61; and if any person entitled to compensation
under this act sh,:li have died before the passage
thereof such oath or affirmation may be waived.
Mr. SUMNER. That is an old customer,
which has been considered again and again,
and then again and again, and then again and
again—it, is difficult to count the number of
times—and always m some way or other de-
feated. I have known it certainly for four or
five years, and I have always taken the ground
that, these parties should present a bill against
Mr. McCulloch and Andrew Johnson. It is a
private account. They undertook those ser-
vices in violation of law, which positively
required that this oath should be taken before
they could enter upon the service. It was
done, to be sure, at the instigation of the late
Secretary of the Treasury and the late Presi-
dent, and I consider that they are responsible.
The Senate has substantially at other times
taken that view. At any rate, it has refused
to make the appropriation over and over, and
j hope there will be no attempt to fasten it
upon this appropriation bill. Should the Sen-
ate, on proper consideration, pass it in a bill
by itself, that would be another thing.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
reminds me that it is a private claim, it is a
private claim, of course. It is not under any
existing law. They acted in violation ot law.
It is under do law; therefore, against law, in
violation of law, and, as my friend from Ver-
mont says, it is a private claim. They come
here in order to get pay for something they did
in violation of law.
Mr. SAWYER. I am quite well aware 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Massachusetts to
raise a point of order?
Mr. SUMNER. I object to it, of course, in
overy form.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say that the
amendment is offered by the consent of the
Committee on Appropriations. Notice was
given of it.
Mr. SUMNER. That cannot help it.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator insists on
the point of order I cannot go on.
Mr. SUMNER. I insist upon every point
against it.
Mr. SAWYER. Is the point of order debat-
able? ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. An appeal from
the decision of the Chair will be debatable
when the Chair makes his decision. When a
point of order is made the Chair must decide
it. Although this amendment is submitted
with the assent of the Committee on Appro-
priations, that does not remove it from the
operation of the thirtieth rule. There are four
ways in which amendments can be proposed
making additional appropriations. First, "to
carry out the provisions of some existing law,"
which this certainly does not do ; second, "or
some actor resolution previously passed by the
Senate during that session;" or, third, " moved
by direction of a standing or select commit-
tee of the Senate;" or, fourth, "in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some one of
the Departments." " And no amendment shall
be received whose object is to provide for a
private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipu-
lation." The title of this amendment when
originally offered as a bill, was "xlbill author-
izing payment to be made for certain services
rendered to the United States in the late in-
surrectionary States," and the Chair thinks it
comes within the prohibition of the thirtieth
rule.
•Mr. SAWYER. Then I understand the
Chair rules that it is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
under the thirtieth rale, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SA WYEIl. Pro forma, I take an
appeal from that decision.
The ViCEPPuESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina appeals from the decision of
the Chair. The question is, "Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Senate?"
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say a few words
in reference to the merits of this claim. I was
quite aware, Mr. President, that this was an
old acquaintance, and I anticipated thai,every
possible point, would be made against it by ray
honorable friend from Massachusetts, i was
also quite aware that my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, in his private capacity, would by
no means ever be guilty of such unutterable
meanness as tho Government of the United
States is in not paying these claims.
I am aisoaware, that although this is alleged
to be a private claim, the officers v/hom i t is pro-
posed to pay by this amendment were officers
through whose means and agency millions—
yes, sir, millions, I had almost said by scores—
came into the Treasury of the United Status ;
and if these men are not entitled to compensa-
tion for their services in thus bringing into the
Treasury of the United States these millions
then the Uniled States stands confessed a re-
ceiver of stolen goods ; tho Government of the
United States stands confessed as having gone
without authority of law, and filched from its
citizens that which belonged not to it by any
warrant of law,
Mr. President, these men have, performed
service to the Uniled States faithfully, honora-
bly, uprightly; andbecause, forsooth, they were
faithful, honorable, and upright men, and would
not stoop to the base and low act of perjury,
they stand here to-day claiming at the hands
of the Government of tho United States com-
pensation for services which should have been
paid for five years ago ; and the Senator from
Massachusetts stands up here as the defender
of that policy, which I say he is utterly incapa-
ble of in his private person or in his private
business,
Mr. President, it is well understood that at
the time these officers were appointed to the
offices they so well filled, it wrs absolutely
impracticable to find competent men in many
localities in those States to fill them who could
honestly take the test-oath. It is perfectly
well known that you could in the localities
where these officers performed their duties find
men willing to accept the offices if you would
consent that they should do so. There were
plenty of men who were willing to take the
test-oath, but they were men who could not
honestly and truthfully take it, or they were
incompetent to perform the duties, or they
would not accept office. Yet hundreds of
those really disqualified men were appointed;
they have been paid, and there are many of
them who to-day hold office under the United
States Government, having taken the oath of
July 2, 1862, and to their payment my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts makes no
exception, though it is well known to the com-
munities in which they reside that the emolu-
ments of office thus received are the rewards
of perjury.
Mr. President, it was simply a question of
whether the Government of the United States
would or would not collect the revenues of the
United States; andthethen Administration, in
perfect harmony at that time with Congress,
having no divergence of policy, no difference
of opinion having been developed, did the best
they could under the circumstances, and ap-
pointed the best instruments to carry out the
great object of the collection of the revenue
which they could find in the then existing state
of the country. These appointees said to the
Government of the United States, "Weare
unable to take the oath of office." The rec-
ognized organs ofthe Governmentofthe United
States, the Secretary of the Treasury, then in
complete political harmony with my friend from
Massachusetts; the President of the United
States, then in as complete harmony with my
friend from Massachusetts, none so Radical as
he, appointed these men, and said, "Undoubt-
edly Congress will relieve you from the neees
pity." The Government of theTJnitedStates,
through its recogniztd organs, iiliowed them to
go on and petform the duties, assess the taxe3
and collect (he taxes, and the Government of
the United States received the money thus col-
lected, and gave credit to the official acts of
every one of those men ; the courts based judi-
cial acts upon their official acts; and the Gov-
ernment never discovered that they were not
good officers of the United Stales until they
presented their claims to payment for service
honestly rendered.
I say the United States became a receiver
of stolen goods when it, received the revenue
collected by these men to whom you would deny
payment. These men wore officers of the Uni-
ted States, or tho* were not. If they were not
officers of the United States every dollar of
taxes which they aided in putting in the Treas-
ury is wrongfully there, and a suit, should be
brought by the parties who paid it. to recover
it back, either in tho Court of Claims or in these
Halls. If they were officers of theUnited States
for one purpose, I submit they were officers of
the United States for another purpose, and I
cannot believe that the Senate of the United
States is willing here, five years after the per-
formance of this service, to say it will do so
mean a thing as to put off the payment or to
refer them to Hugh McCulloch or Andrew
Johnson for relief.
