2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
nation any particular favor in navigation or com-
merce it shall immediately become common to the
other party, freely where it is freely granted to such
other nations, or on yielding thesame compensation
when the grant is conditional.'*
These stipulations were violated by an act of Con-
gress, approved the 5th of August, 18G1, and which
provides, (12 Statutes-at-Large, page 292:)
"Section 1. That from ana after the passage of
this act, in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by
law on the articles hereinafter mentioned, and on
such as may nowbeexemptfrom duty, there shallbo
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and
merchandise herein enumerated and provided for,
imported from foreign countries, thefollowing duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:"
On unmanufactured Russia hemp, $10 per ton.
On Manila and other hemps of India, $25 per ton.
This provision of said act of Congress had for its
immediate result nearly the complete elimination of
llussia, hemp from the American markets. The
importation of that article fell from 1,800 to 225 tons,
whereas tho importation of Manila heuip increased
from an insignificant amount to 17,000 tons.
If in 1861 the Russian Government did not protest
against this legislative act of Congress, or adopt
retaliatory measures, it was entirely in view of the
fact that tho United States were ongaged in a civil
war whose successful issue was nowhore more sin-
cerely desired than in Russia, and because his
Majesty the Emperor Alexander preferred to sacri-
fice temporarily the commercial interests of his own
country rather than to embarrass by the creation of
new difficulties thoso with which the Federal Gov-
ernment had then to contend. But now that the
cause of the Union has triumphe-dthe Russian Gov-
ernment can no longer refrain from vindicating its
rights. Those facts having been represented by the
Russian minister to the competent federal author-
ities, tho President in his annual messago most
kindly recommended tho consideration of this ques-
tion to tho serious attention of Congress.
Nevertheless, the new tariff bill reported by tho
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means to
both Houses of Congress, instead of remedying, ag-
gravates and perpetuates the evil. The duty of $40
per ton on unmanufactured hemp ismaintained. with
this difference, that tho word 4* Russia" is struck out,
and that all other hemps are designated as "substi-
tutes''" tor hemp.
These mere lexical subtiltics do not justify tho
flagrant infraction of the 1 reuty of 1832.
It has been argued that Manila hemp and Russia
hemp are not ' like articles," and this theory has
been confirmed by tho honorable Secretary of tho
Navy, to whom the Committee of Ways and Means
referred the question.
With all due deference for tho opinion of that dis-
tinguished Cabinet officer, his decision cannot out-
weigh the affidavits of twenty-one American citizens
engaged for years past in thehemp trade, who unani-
mously affirm under oath that Russia hemp and
Manila hemp are "like articles."
A partial quotation of two of these affidavits will
bo sufficient for all purposes.
Mr. Bourno Spooner, treasurer of tho Plymouth
Cordage Company, of the State of Massachusetts,
deposed under oath belore C. W. Tuttle, United
States commissioner, that—
" Both Russia and Manila hemps are manufactured
by deponent's said company into rope and cordage;
that there i& no commercial purpose for which Manila
hemp is used that Russia hemp has not been and
cannot be used: that Russia and Manila hemps are
4 like articles,' both being known in trade and com-
merce as 'hemp,' and by no other name, and being
used for the same purposes, namely: tho manufac-
tured rope and cordage."
Mr. William Marshall, of the New York firm of
Lawrcnco Waterbury & Co., deposed under oath
before F. C. Niebuhr, notary public, that—
"Roth Russia hemp and Manila hemp arc, and
have been for years past, imported into tuis country
under the name and designation of" hemp/and by
no other name or designation; that Russia and
Manila hemps are, and have been for years past,
bought and sold and known in this and other mar-
kets of tho United States as 'hemp,' and by no other
name or designation whatever; that both Russia and
Manila hemps are manufactured by deponent's said
linn into rope and cordage; that there is no com-
mercial purpose for which Manila hemp is used that
Russia hemp has not been and cannot oe used: that
Russia hemp and Manila hemp are'like articles,'
both being known in trade and commerce as 'hemp/
and by no other name, and being used for tho same
purposes, namely, the manufacture of rope and
cordage."
As has already been stated, there are nineteen
other affidavits made by persons of unimpeachable
character, who testify to the same effcct.
It has also been argued that Manila hemp and
Ru.-sia hemp are not "like articles," becauso their
botanical origin is different. Thedifferenee oftheir
botanical, origin cannot be contested, for Russian
"flora"diffcrs from the Indian '*fiora"as much as
the climate of Russia differs from that of India. But
the term "like articles" does not imply that they are
entirely similar articles. Like articles are those
whose chemical properties are analogous, which serve
substantially for the samepurposes, and whoso aver-
age price is nearly on a par.
Such is positively the case with Russia and India
hemps, both being usedforropeaud cordage, and both
being sold at an average price of from 13 to 15 cents
apound.
It has been further asserted that the maintenance
of the duty on Russia hemp is necessary for the protec-
tion of the hemp grown in the State of Kentucky.
Without presuming to interfere in a question of
local and domestic interest, may it not be respect-
fully queried that if protection must necessarily be
extenaed to Kentucky hemp, why should it operate
solely against Russia hemp, and not against Manila
and other India hemps?
Divesting tho question of all itslocal and technical
bearings, it can be placed on an international ground
in the following terms:
A treaty has been signed and ratified, with the
avowed purpose of protecting reciprocally Russian
and American articles against the privileged com-
petition of foreign producers.
Hemp, a Russian article, has been eliminatedfrom
American markets by the privileged competition of
India hemp.
Consequently, tho treaty has been violated; and,
therefore, in all equity, tho duty on Russia hemp
ought to be placed on tho same footing as the duty
on Manila hemp; that is to say, at $25 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving that the
committee rise it is but fair that I shall give
notice to gentlemen that to-morrow I shall
endeavor to get the House to go into Commit*
tee of the Whole as early as possible after the
expiration of the morning hour; and then I
shall ask for an evening session. Therefore,
members can proceed to make their testament-
ary dispositions accordingly. [Laughter.] I
now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wiieelkr reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
order of the House, had h(\d under considera-
tion the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (II. R. No. 1008) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five'o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
-The following petitions, &c., were presented
under tho rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ASPER; The remonstrance of Jay
M.Potter and 5 others, citizens of Arrow Rock,
Missouri, against the passage of the funding
bill.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: Resolutions of Mor-
ris Canal and Banking Company, in favor of
making Jersey City a port of entry.
By Mr. FINKELNBLTRG : The petition of
Bradhurst Schiefleliti and others, citizens of
New York, asking for a constitutional amend-
ment prohibiting the use of public funds for
sectarian or religious purposes.
By Mr. JONESi of" North Carolina: The
petition of Captain Henry A. White, of North
Carolina, asking for pension.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Chester
C. Toiman, for relief in case of lost evidence,
and for renewal of patent.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of George
W. Steele, late first lieutenant of company F,
second New York veteran cavalry, for relief.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Joseph A.
Davis, a citizen of Guilford county, North Car-
olina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of W. R. B. Lindsay, of
Rockingham county, North Carolina, for the
removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of Joseph A. Houston, of
Guilford county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Charles
Dennis and 500 others, for aid to navigation
i n te r e s ts
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of R. T.
MeLain and 30 others, i'or the abolishment of
the income tax on salaries.
Also, the petition of N. Crous and 26 others,
citizens of Waynesborough, Virginia, for pay-
ment of losses during the war.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of A. M.
Mercer, John A. Vanliorn, and others, citizens
of Ohio, praying Congress to repeal all laws
authorizing national bank notes, and to issue
$500,000,000 in greenbacks; to require the
Secretary of the Treasury to cancel all matured
bonds deposited by the banks, and redeem in
greenbacks the bank notes issued on said bonds,
and pay off $200,000,000 of the five-twenties;
to destroy all bank notes received for taxes,
and substitute greenbacks therefor; to make
all duties, imposts, and other taxes payable in
specie orgreenbacksatthe option of the citizen.
Also, to the same effect from J. W. Bigelow
and others, citizens of Ohio.
Also, to the same effect from W. D. Nutter,
A. J. .Ellis, and others, citizens of Ohio.
Also, to the same effect from John G. Wal-
lace and others, citizens of Ohio.
Also, from .Robert Stone, W. Spencer, and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, from Royal Kasson and others, citi-
zens of Ohio, to same effect.
Also, from Nelson Yannatta and others, cit-
izens of Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
memorial of Morton McMichael, William
Strong, Caleb Cope, Edward Sliippen, Joseph
W. Drexel, John Farnurn, Edwin W. Lewis,
W. II. Rhawn, Henry G. Morris, J. B. Lip-
pincott, and others, in behalf of the National
Homestead at Gettysburg for the orphans of
soldiers and sailors of the United States.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Philip
Ogei, of Washita county, Arkansas, for the
removal of disabilities.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Apetition of chief clerks
and clerks (200) of Interior Department, with
accompanying bill, asking Congress to provide
l'or equalizing the tax on incomes and salaries.
_ By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petition of Wil-
liam Edge and others, praying for a repeal of
the income tax.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 14, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mast, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of Typographical Union No. 101, of
Washington, District of Columbia, asking Con-
gress to establish a postal telegraph system;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERUY presented a memorial of citi-
zons of Stamford, Connecticut, protesting
against the reenactmcnt of the income tax
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
D. Matthewson, of Murray county, Kentucky,
praying tho, removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on tho Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Wil-
liam A. Hughes, John A. Spinkel, John E,
Page.^William Brook Smith, John T. Holt,
and Edward M. Nulty, of Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of John W. Garrett, president of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,
and P. G. Van Winkle, president of the Park-
ersburg Branchy Railroad Company, praying
that the duty on iron and steel rails be reduced
instead ol increased, and that there be no in-
crease of duty upon other varieties of iron and
steel used in the construction and maintenance
<>f, railroads; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Downington, Pennsylvania, who state
very briefly that tlioy, "feeling aggrieved at
the inquisitorial mode of assessing the income
tax, and which was promised ns to live only to
