m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
the earlier and more glorious days of our coun-
try's history. I speak of the time when the
to%n of Boston was occupied by British troops,
" when the people of Massachusetts had arisen
in response to the soul-stirring- appeals of
James Otis and-Samuel Adams, when Massa-
chusetts called upon her sister Colonies for
assistance; and a citizen of Virginia arose in
his place in the House of Burgesses and de-
clared that he was prepared to raise a regiment
at his own expense to march to the relief of
the town of Boston.
I need not say to this honorable body, I need
not say to-gentlemen of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, that that citizen of Virginia was
named George Washington1 I need not re-
mind them that afterward that same citizen of
Virginia did go to the relief of Massachusetts,
and that it was while he was in command of
the American troops, in which Virginians and
New Englanders fought shoulder to shoulder
in a common cause, that the British were driven
from Boston.
Let me refer to an event a little earlier in
our history. When the question of British
domination and British oppression was agitated
in the Colonies, when the question was put to
the people whether they would submit to taxa-
tion without representation, which two of the
Colonies stood in the advance ground in favor of
American independence? Massachusetts and
Virginia. In Massachusetts Samuel Adams and
Otis by their eloquence and by their dauntless
courage aroused the people of Massachusetts to
proclaim in favor of American independence.
What colony stood side by side with Massa-
chusetts ? The colony of Virginia; and while
the voice of Otis and the voice of Samuel
Adams were heard in the colony of Massachu-
setts, the soul-stirring appeals of Patrick Henry
resounded from the mountain-tops and amid
t he vales of old Virginia; and Virginia came for-
ward sustaining and supporting Massachusetts
in the determination to achieve American in-
dependence.
A Congress of the Colonies was called. A
Congress of the Confederated States of Amer-
ica was formed;'and a citizen of Virginia,
Thomas Jefferson, penned that great instru-
ment known as the Declaration of American
Independence. Who, sir, was first and fore-
most upon the floors of Congress in urging the
adoption of that declaration? John Adams, of
Massachusetts^ In fact, sir, through all those
hours of trial in our early history Massachu-
setts and Virginia were twin sisters. John
Adams has been justly called the colossus of
the Revolution, while Jefferson, the son of
Virginia, was recognized as its genius. And
again, when a general was to be chosen as com-
mander of the armies of the Confederated
States, it was upon the motion of Adams, a son
of Massachusetts, that Washington, a son of
Virginia, was made Commander-in-Chief. And
I ask gentlemen from Massachusetts whether
the hearts of her people have grown as hard
and cold as her granite hills that she can forget
these memories? I appeal to them by the sacred
recollections of the past, I appeal to them bv
ail that is to be hoped for in the future, "l
appeal to them as Americans, as my country-
men, as patriots, to rise above mere party dic-
tation and party trammels and act upon this
occasion in a manner becoming American legis-
lators engaged in the discussion and determin-
ation of a momentous question.
Mr. Speaker, the idea has gone forth—I do
not make the charge; but every gentleman
within the sound of my voice is aware that the
idea has gone forth throughout the land that
the legislation of this Congress is governed
alone by the desire of perpetuating party
power, without regard to the Constitution or
the well-being of our common country. I do
not charge that such is the fact; but I do declare
what every man of intelligence knows, that
such has become the conviction ofa large part of
the American people. I ask whether at this
hour, five years after the last hostile gun was
fired in behalf of the rebellion, it is not time
that the legislators in this Hall should rise to the
level of the grave responsibility which rests upon
them ? I ask gentlemen whether country is to
be sacrificed upon the shrine of party ? Sir,
if the time has come when the legislation of
this country is to be conducted simply for the
purpose of party aggrandizement and party
power the days of this Republic are numbered,
and before we who are now living shall have
passed from off the stage we shall see our free
institutions overthrown and forever.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio to move, not that we
adjourn, but that the House take a recess until
half past seven o'clock this evening, as there
are a good many gentlemen who desire to speak
on this bill and I wish to reach a vote on it at
as early a period as practicable.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If that be the general
wish of the House, I will very cheerfully yield
to the gentleman to make his motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois, who always has opposed the
pressure of the previous question upon these
important measures of the reconstruction and
who has been willing to afford the most liberal
opportunity for discussion, not to throw the
debate upon this question into night sessions,
but to allow the bill to be discussed freely and
fully during the day time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
one of the parties in this House will hold a
caucus this evening, and I will not, therefore,
press my motion at this time.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 92) in
addition to the act entitled " An act to in-
corporate the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Steam Packet Company;" when
the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. LAWRENCE,
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number
of citizens of Pine Grove, Clark county, Ken-
tucky, praying that the franking privilege be
abolished.
By Mr. BUCK: A petition of the Mobile
Medical Society, in behalf of the medical staff
of the Navy.
By Mr. CHAVES: The petition of the heirs
of Jose Mirabel and Antonio Fernandez, pray-
ing for the confirmation of a tract of land
granted by the Spanish Government under the
title of the Rancho del Iiio Grande.
_ By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: A peti-
tion of citizens of Northampton county, North
Carolina, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
_ By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizens of Washburn, Grant county; also of
Merrimack, Sauk county, Wisconsin, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CREBS : The petition of Norton,
Slaughter^ Co., and 16 others, of New York
city, praying for the protection of the national
commerce through naval discipline.
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition of several hun-
dred citizens of Buffalo, New York, for the
abolition of duties on coal.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Edward
Edwards, George Barber, Charles Atwood, and
53 others, of Newago, Michigan, praying for
the repeal of the duty on hides.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of the
Medical Society of the District of Columbia,
praying for an act to accord to the medical
officers of the Navy their proper rank, author-
ity, &e.
Also, a petition of the Medical Society of
Venango county, Pennsylvania, praying for an
act to accord to the medical officers of the
Navy their proper rank, authority, &c.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of 47 citizens
of Warren and Henderson counties, Illinois,
praying for the passage of a law abolishing the
franking privilege.
By Mr. HILL: The remonstrance of D. B.
Grant, president of the Grant Locomotive
Works, and three othermanufacturing associa-
tions at Paterson, New Jersey, against the
granting of the petition of George H. Corliss
for the extension of his letters-patent of March
10,1849, for improvements in the steam-engine.
Also, the remonstrance of J. P. Huntoou,
and 6 others, of Paterson, New Jersey, against
the granting of the petition of George II. Cor-
liss for the extension of his letters-patent of
March 10, 1849, for improvements in the
steam-engine.
By Mr. HOAR : The petition of H. E. Mor-
tonvali, of Oakdale, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege. -
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Hon.
William Herod, D. F. Long, llalph Hill, Wil-
liam MeEwans, and 94 others, citizens of In-
diana, in favor of the remission of the duties
on the importation of hides.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Richard
Blaloek, a soldier of the war of 1812, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the memorial of Nancy C. Marlette, for
additional pension.
By Mr. KNOTT : A petition of certain citi-
zens of Kentucky, asking Congress to accord
to Cuba belligerent rights and to recognize
her independence.
Also, petitions of certain citizens of Bloom-
field and Elizabethtown, Kentucky, asking
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition, with accompanying
papers, of the Louisville and Bardstown Turn-
pike Road Company, for compensation for cer-
tain bridges destroyed by the Army of the
United States during the war.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Francis
McDonald and others, citizens of Maine, asking
the repeal of duties on coal.
By Mr. McGREW: A petition of 51 citi-
zens of Berkeley county, West Virginia, asking
compensation m money or land for property
destroyed during the rebellion.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of P.
Neff and SO others, citizens of Cass county,
Illinois, asking compulsory prepayment of do-
mestic postages except on such matter as may
be entitled to free delivery by special enactment.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of G. W.
Standifer, of Tennessee, praying compensation
for services in the United States military tele-
graph department.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: The petition
of John Patten and47 others, citizens of Bath,
Maine, remonstrating against the proposed
increase in rank of the staff officers of the Navy.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of John
A. Wicker and 33 others, citizens of Knox
county, Indiana, praying the compulsory pre-
payment of postage on printed matter in certain
cases.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of 202 citi-
zens of Valparaiso, Indiana, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Iowa Hill, California, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of George H. Greenman and others, of Gro-
ton and Stonington, Connecticut, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
_ By Mr. TOWNSEND: A petition of divers
iron manufacturing companies and manufac-
turers, asking Congress to inquire into Com-
missioner Wells's data concerning the manu-
facture of pig-iron.
Also, a petition of the Delaware County
