4554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
for gentlemen on this side of the Chamber,
which, as it includes the minority, is not the one
to which naturally gentlemen look (whether in
the chair or on the floor) for motions or for
propositions, to make their objections, unless
there is reasonable time allowed even after
the (Jhair shall have scanned the Senate on
the other side, or shall have got his mind oc-
cupied with gentlemen directly in front of him.
J say, unless there is reasonable time allowed
for deliberate movement, we shall never be
able to get an objection in on a question of
unanimous consent. I suppose unanimous
consent means that and nothing else, and it
does not mean precisely the same sort of pro-
ceeding which is involved in the previous ques-
tion in the other House. I should be very
glad to proceed with proper deliberation; but
if it is to be a question of springing on the
moment by clamor, by gesticulations, to direct
the attention of the body, of course I shall
have to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair must
state to the Senator from California that there
did not seem to bo, in this instance, any scram-
ble for the lloor; but after the remarks of the
Senator the Chair understands now that the
Senator claims that he objected in time. That
is quite sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the regular
order of the evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of the
evening is the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WARNER. If I may be allowed, I deem
it but justice to the Chair to say that, sitting
near the Senator from California, I heard the
Chair ask for objection very distinctly, and saw
him look this way and east his eye all around
the Chamber. 1 noticed it very distinctly, and
he waited, for some seconds at least, before
objection was made. The Senator from Cali-
fornia may not have been observing at the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill is before the Senate, and the
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. IilCE. I understand that there was a
motion pending to postpone this bill, and a
division was demanded, and I rose after the
division was demanded, before the division
took place, and I still insist on that division,
if unanimous consent is not given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
stale to the Senator from Arkansas that instead
of insisting on that motion he withdrew it or
waived it, and asked unanimous consent, after
which a colloquy ensued.
Mr. RICE. 1 make the motion now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to renew the motion. The Senator
from Arkansas moves to postpone the present
and all other orders, which embraces only
one, because there is only one special order in
advance of the Southern Pacific railroad bill,
for the purpose of considering the Southern
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish the Senator from
Arkansas would withdraw that motion. I think
we shall attain the point a great deal sooner
by withdrawing it and occupying the time next
week.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that would be better.
Mr. RICE. I am satisfied that if this is not
antagonized against an appropriation bill or a
tax bill it will never pass this session, because
gentlemen are ready with one or the other
every day.
ilr. WARNER. Will the Senator from
Arkansas allow me a moment? The Senator
from California will withdraw his objection.
Mr. FOWLER. I have not yielded the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think, under the cir-
cumstances, I would prefer to waive my objec-
tion to the suggestion that was made for Monday
evening.
Mr. RICE. Verv good.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that objection
is not renewed, it is the order of the Senate,
by unanimous consent, that the bill (S. No.
647) to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to
San Diego, California, with branches and con-
nections, shall be taken up on Monday even-
ing at half past seven o'clock. Is there objec-
tion to that? The Chair hears none.
BALTIMORE AND POTOSIAC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCOTT. A bill has been reported from
the House of Representatives substantially
the same as one reported this morning to the
Senate by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I move to proceed to its consider-
ation, and hope consent will be given. It is
the bill (II. R. No. 2218) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to authorize the construc-
tion, extension, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia,'' approved
Februarys, 1870. I presume it will not meet
with objection, and it will take but a moment.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator will
not object.
Mr. VICKERS. Let us go on regularly.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate.
post office appp.opmation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (Ii. R.
No. 1828) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal j'ear ending June 30, 1871, the question
pending being on the amendment of Mr. Sum-
ner to the amendment of Mr. Ramsey.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment that I have
offered is in the nature of a substitute, and it
is mainly the bill which I brought forward some
time ago, which was thus entitled, "A bill to
simplify and to reduce the rate of postage, to
abolish the franking system, to limit the cost
of carrying the mail, and to regulate the pay-
ment of postage." Such was its title, and in
the title you will find the substance of the whole
bill.
It proposes to simpliiy and reduce the rate
of postage ; to abolish the franking system ; and
also to regulate the payment of postage. It
takes advantage of the present pressure for the
abolition of what is sometimes called the frank-
ing privilege, but which I insist should be
called the franking system, by providing cheap
postage for the benefit of the people. I am not
content merely with cutting down the franking
system. I wish to benefit the people by pro-
viding a substitute, or, if you please, a commu-
tation ; and here let me say that I do not accept
the term " franking privilege." Whatevermay
be the proper term in England, this term is
not proper in our country. I call it the frank-
ing system—a system which has become a part
of our public policy, and almost a part of our
educationalad vantages. Our people have grown
up under it and have accommodated themselves
to it, and cannot part from it without a substi-
tute.
I do not speak of members of Congress, of
Senators or Representatives, nor do I speak
of the Departments. I speak of the people
themselves, who, through this system, are
brought into close intimacy with Senators and
Representatives and with the Departments.
Therefore, I think I am right when I speak of
" the franldng system" and not of " the frank-
ing privilege."
I think all will agree that there were three
different modes of dealing" with this question.
One was a mature proposition recommended
by the Post Office Department; another was
a similar proposition from the Committee on
Post Offices in the Senate. Those two failing,
as unhappily they have failed, it only remains
that individual Senators should take up the
work and try to do what the Post Office De-
partment and the committee of the Senate each
has failed to do.
I say, sir, it is not becoming that we should
legislate on thij question without having a
complete system on which to act. I submit
such a system ought to have been laid before
us, either by the Post Office Department or by
the Post Office Committee of this Senate. But
this has not been done. You have nothing but
the simple proposition of abolition, without any
substitute or any commutation. Therefore do
I say it devolves upon individual Senators, it
devolves upon us all, to endeavor, so far as we
can, to find that substitute or that commuta-
tion.
In my humble way I have applied myself to
this endeavor. The result is the amendment
now before you, which, though perhaps open
to objection and to criticism, is in itself some-
thing like a system, to a certain extent at least,
if not in all respects complete. That amend-
ment is in eight sections.
The first section provides that "thepostage
on letters and on all mail matter wholly or in
part in writing, except books in manuscript and
corrected proofs; also, on all printed matter-
so marked as to convey any further or other
information than is conveyed by the original
printing; also, on all matter sent in violation
of law or regulations ofthePost Office Depart-
ment; and on all matter for which no specific
rate of postage is fixed, shall be at the rate of
one cent for each half ounce or fraction
thereof."
I need not say that the most important part
of this section is what relates to letters, fixing
the rate of postage for them at one cent for
each half ounce. In completing a system,
however, it was necessary to go further, and to
provide for other things which by the postal
law are assimilated to letters; and this is the
reason for the introduction of these other topics
in this first section.
The second section provides for postage "on
newspapers, magazines, and periodicals; on
manuscripts intended for publication in book
form, or newspapers, or periodicals; on proof-
sheets and corrected proofs," "pamphlets,
maps, prints, engravings, blanks, flexible pat-
terns, samples and sample cards, photographs,
photograph paper, letter envelopes, and wrap-
pers, cards, paper, and transient printed mat-
ter in general not otherwise herein provided
for." By this section the rate of postage on
all these is one cent for each three ounces or
fraction thereof. Here is a change from the
existing law.
Newspapers you will remember are now two
cents for four ounces. I think all will agree
that this is an inconvenient rate, two cents for
four ounces. Why not, if you please, one
cent for two ounces ; that is, if you keep the
existing rate of postage ? 1 have preferred a
still lower rate, in order, if possible, to amplify
the advantages to the people, so that they
may receive newspapers, periodicals, and other
printed matter cheaper even than they now do.
My proposition is that the rate shall be one
cent for each three ounces; and I took one
cent for each three ounces, because I desired
that the rate of one cent should cover any
known newspaperin the country. Now, a large
double newspaper of New York, say the Trib-
une or the Independent, is more than two
ounces, though 1 believe it does not come up
quite to three ; but it does not seem to me that
we ought to require a double postage from any
newspaper notwithstanding its size; in other
words, that the difference in size among news-
papers cannot justify a difference ia rate. I
submit this proposition to Senators. I may be
mistaken ; but it is the result of some reflec-
tion on my part and conversation with others
intimate with the working of the postal system.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds]
reminds me that the opinions of some of the
Postmasters General has been in an opposite
direction, and he meptions Mr. Cave Johnson ;
but the Senate will remember very well that
