5498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
I know that the Congress of the United States
would have objected if at that time the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had refused or neglected
to collect the revenue; they would have cen-
sured that Administration in the most severe
terms.
But, Mr. President, on the question of order,
I submit that if this amendment is not to carry
out the provisions of an existing law I do not
know what such an amendment is. In the
first place, there was a law that certain officers
should be appointed; then there is a law that
when such officers are appointed they shall be
paid, and these officers have not been paid.
Now, I raise the question that they were offi-
cers of the United States; that they performed
official functions as such officers; that they
were recognized by every Department of the
Government as officers of the United States
until they got to the accounting officers of the
Treasury, who refused to pay them their sala-
ries; and that this amendment is an amend-
ment intended to carry out that provision of
the law which requires that men holding the
relation they did to the Government of the
United States shall be paid. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BAYARD. I respectfully ask whether
the ground put by the Senator from South
Carolina has been considered by the Chair?
It was not stated by him at the time he pro-
posed this amendment; it is now, as I under-
stand it, that this is an appropriation to carry
out an existing law, that these men were law-
fully appointed officers of the United States
and did their duty under proper authority. If
that be the case does it not change the prin-
ciple on which the decision was based?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from Delaware and the
Senator from South Carolina. The act to pre-
scribe the oath of office, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 22, 1865, states—■
" That hereafter every person eleetedor appointed
to any ofiieo of honor or profit undor the Govern-
ment of the United States, either in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval departments of the publio service,
excepting the Presidont of the United States, shall,
before entering- upon the duties of such office, and
before being entitled to any of the salary or other
emoluments thereof, take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath or affirmation."
Being the iron-clad oath. This amendment
states distinctly that these parties did not take
that oath which the provisions of the existing
law required them to take, and therefore the
amendment, instead of carrying out the pro-
visions ofsome existing law, does to that extent
repeal the provisions of the existing law. The
Chair is therefore sustained by reference to the
law.  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Irose to reply to my friend
from Delaware upon this point of order, which
is the only question now before the Senate, and
to suggest to him and to the Senate that the
decision of the Chair is so plainly right, but the
Chair has so much more clearly and concisely
slated the reasons than I could do myself that
I do not need to add a word.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not anything to say
about the decision of the Chair ; but I want to
say, in a word, that there is an equity in regard
to paying these people which ought not to be
overlooked. I say that the Government did
employ these men, and it was not their fault
that they could not take the oath.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 object to any
further debate on the merits.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
fSouth Carolina will withdraw bis appeal, for
the decision of the Chair is right.
Mr. SAWYER. Before I withdraw it I
wish to remark that every one of these men
held the commission of the President of the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But in direct violation
of law.
Mr. SUMNER. It was held at the time
that the employment of these men under
the circumstances was a grievous blow to
the Unionists in the communities where they
resided.
Mr. SAWyER. I beg the Senator's pardon ;
he never made a greater mistake in his life.
Mr. SUMNER. And designed as a blow at
the Unionists.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from South Carolina, as
he still challenges the decision, that the law
provides that " every person shall, before en-
tering upon the duties of such office and before
being entitled to any of the salary or other
emoluments thereof, take and subscribe" that
oath. If this is to carry out the provisions
of that act the Chair does not understand the
language of the law.
Mr. SAWYER. Before withdrawing the
appeal, which I will do in a moment, I wish to
suggest one word. I differ entirely with the
Senator from Massachusetts about its being in
fact a blow at the Union men of the South;
and I differ entirely with him about its being
intended to be a blow. At that moment, at
the time when it was done, there was no divis-
ion between the Administration in their senti-
ment and the Senator from Massachusetts or
any other member of the Republican party. 1
withdraw the appeal.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Territories:
Sec. —. And be it further cnaeled, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to ascertain, orcauso to be ascertained, the
amount of expense necessarily incurred by the ter-
ritorial authorities ofMonranaforarmsandsupplies
of the volunteer forces called out to suppress Indian
hostilities in the Territory of Montana in tho year
1867.
Sec. —. Anil be it farther enacted. That the Secre-
tary of War, if he approve tho claims, shall pay tho
amounts therein specified to tho person or persons
legally authorized to receive the same; and thesum
ol $300,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
is hereby appropriated ior the purpose ot enabling
the Secretary of War to carry out tho provisions of
tliis act.
The facts on which tho amendment is based
are simply these : in I8C7 a force was organized
in the Territory of Montana to resist an expected
invasion of the Indians. There seems to have
been some irregularity in the manner in which
the troops were got in the field. The then
Governor, Governor Meagher, of Montana,
was very anxious to do it; and finally, upon"a
telegram from the Lieutenant General of the
Army, General Sherman, these troops were
mustered in. Claims were presented to the
amount of about twelve hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars. After a careful examination of
the whole matter—and my colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] gave it bis personal attention for
some weeks—-we came to the conclusion that
there were about three hundred thousand dol-
lars due to the persons who furnished the sup-
plies for that army. That is exactly the case;
and the papers, vouchers, and evidence that we
took very fully and clearly show that fact.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Does not this come
under the head of private claims? It speaks
of " person or persons."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that claims of this character for repelling inva-
sion, where troops have been called out by
Governors, even though somewhat irregularly,
have not been held to be private claims by his
predecessor in this Chair; they stand on an
entirely different footing.
Mr. NYE. I wish the Senator from South
Carolina to understand that I voted for his
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. In reply to that I will
say that I did not hear a single vote on that
side except " no." [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I voted for your $25,000.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If that amendment
had been offered by Senators from any of the
New England States, or from any of the north-
western States, or from the western States, I
do not presume there would have been half a
dozen votes against it; but because it came
from the South it was not considered. I am
firmly convinced that the South has not been
recognized on the floor of the Senate ; and I
mean to call for the reading of the thirtieth
rule on every amendment offered, to see
whether South Carolina and other southern
States—I am here in the interest of one State, .
South Carolina—shall have an equal voice with
the other States of this Union. I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada, does this amend-
ment come from a committee or from him-
self?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He said that it
came from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories
directed me to report it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish
to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair; but I never understood the rule to which
the Chair refers to be so broad as I believe the
Chair now construes it. This is not the claim
of a State. I have never known the principle
to be applied to a Territory. This is a claim
which a Territory makes for expenses supposed
to have been incurred in Indian hostilities.
Now, the Territory does not sustain that inde-
pendent relation to the Government of the
United States which puts it in that attitude of
public character which relieves it from the
category of private relations.
Mr. NYE. Perhaps a word of explanation
will enable us to understand each other. It is
not an appropriation in the higher sense of the
term at all; it is a conditional one. The Com-
mittee on Territories, after a long and tedious
and careful examination of vouchers and oral
testimony, have come to the conclusion that
there is about this amount due persons who put
in their money in 18G7, and have never received
a farthing. The last section of the amendment
provides, as a matter of additional safety to the
Treasury, that the Secretary of War shall care-
fully scrutinize and examine these claims, and
if he shall find anything due upon them, if he
shall agree with the Committee on Territories,
then up to that amount he shall pay. It seems
to me that it is hardly a private claim, and I
think it is a claim that takes itself to the con-
sciences of Senators, for the money is justly
due. Several individuals there put in every
dollar they had,*a«d they have.never received
the first farthing back.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It would seem
then that here are private claims, in the name
of the Territory, which I think aptly illustrates
the proposition which I have suggested.
Mr. NYE. I will ask the opinion of tho
Chair on that question. If I am wrong I do
not desire to occupy a moment's time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. -If the Senator
from Maine insists upon it, the Chair will sub-
mit the question to the Senate. It has been
ruled repeatedly that the claim of a State for
protection against invasion is not to be regarded
as a private claim. It does not come within
the strict language of a private claim. The
Chair thinks by parity of reasoning, where
troops are called out by the Governor of a
Territory, however irregularly, for the defense
of the people, it cannot be considered as the
claim of some person coming here asking five,
ten, or fifteen thousand dollars for some loss
or damage. The Chair has endeavored to rule
stringently, as it is desired he shall do, against
private claims, but he thinks this is not a
private claim. If, however, the decision is
doubted by the Senator from Maine, the Chair
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a single observation to the Senate. My ho:i-
ora'olefriend from Nevada concedes that tlete.
to say the least, are so many private claims.
That is to say, many of the prominent, v-i;-
iznns put in their money to aid the Teiriuiry
in the prosecution of these Indian hostilities
H't'relore to that extent it is certainly a pri-
vate claim, a claim of individuals prosecuted
1 in the name of that Territory. I submit to my
