1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Medical Society concerning the rank of the
medical staff in the Navy.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of John M.
Hughes and 69 others, citizens of Cuyahoga
county, Ohio, that pensions be granted to the
survivors of the war of 1812 and the widows of
deceased soldiers of said war.
Also, the petition of Robert Hanna and 64
others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Hazen Hughes and 67
others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Luther
Clapp and 41 others, citizens of Chatham,
Medina county, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. H. Riddington and
41 others, citizens of South Amherst, Lorain
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of David M. Hess and 41
others, citizens of Baughman township, Wayne
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Donivan &
Ferfullick, J. S. Werrell and others, of St.
Louis, Missouri, to admit free of duty soda-ash,
caustic soda, sal-soda, bicarbonate soda, bleach-
ing powder, and chloride of lime.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: The petition of
William P. Early, corporal Captain H. Lyon's
company Georgia mounted volunteers, for pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of William Brantly, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, for invalid pension.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of 153
citizens of Butler, De Kalb county, Indiana,
praying for the passage of a law for the pre-
payment of all domestic postage except such
as may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Mary Lee, mother of Thomas Conley, com-
pany D, second battalion United States in-
fantry, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 13, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects. The Secretary will continue
the reading.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
Journal.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution of the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below :
A bill (H. R. No. 249) concerning the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district
of Iowa—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 785) to provide for fur-
nishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 787) for the relief of David
Sergeant—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) amend-
atory of the joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, approved July 26,
1806—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
dks moines kivkr.
The bill (II. R. No. 790) repealing so much
of the act of August 8, 1816, as declared the
Des Moities river, m the then Territory of Iowa,
a public highway was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 hope the Senate will
consent to have action taken on that bill now.
It is in pursuance of a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Iowa j and no one in the Senate, I am
sure, will object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported in full, after which the Chair will ask for
objections to its considerations if there be any.
The Secretary read the bill; which proposes
to repeal so much of the act of August 8, 1846,
entitled " An act granting certain lands to the
Territory of Iowa to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Des Moines river, in
said Territory," as makes the river a public
highway.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that ought to go
to a committee. 1 believe it refers to the Des
Moines rapids.
Mr. HARLAN. It does not refer to the Des
Moines rapids. It is in relation to the Des
Moines river itself,which the State once attempt-
ed to improve and make a navigable stream
of; but since then that improvement has been
abandoned, and the Legislature has memorial-
ized Congress,'asking to have the act declaring
it a navigable stream repealed. The water of
the river is now being used for machinery and
for no other purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will a delay of three or
four days make any difference ?
Mr. HARLAN. It will not; but the bill has
passed the other House and litigation may arise,
and we may as well dispose of it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
will not object. I do not want to get the rep-
utation of being too much of an obstructionist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of December 9, 1869,
information in relation to the present condition
of the United States branch mint at New
Orleans, Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present the memorial
of J. Ross Browne, our late minister to China,
in which he represents that he has not received
his salary for three months and twenty-three
days, and that it has been decided that under
existing laws he cannot receive any compen-
sation for those services. He also represents
that he has been subjected to extraordinary
expenses, which altogether have made his losses
during the nine months that he was in that office
about twelve thousand dollars more than he
actually received; and he asks for relief. I
think the memorial shows very strong equities
for the claim of Mr. Browne, and I commend
it to the favorable consideration of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to which I move
that it be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Sarah E. Wilson, widow of William H. Wil-
son, late acting surgeon United States volun-
teers, praying to be allowed arrears of pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
William Cook, of Kentucky, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ABBOTT presented three petitions of
citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina, pray-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a post
office building suitable for the accommodation
of the increasing postal business of the city,
and also praying in connection therewith the
erection of United States court-rooms and
custom-house; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of
officers of the Mobile Medical Society, pray-
ing the enactment of a law which shall perma-
nently accord to medical officers of the Navy
such rank, material privileges, immunities, and
accommodations, as well as such definite pro-
tection to their authority, aa may be deemed
proper and needful in the premises; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying an appropriation for the
construction at the United States navy-yard at
Mare Island of one or more first-class vessels
for the Government of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition
of Mrs. Eleanor O. Wren, of the city of Brook-
lyn, in the State of New York. The petition re-
cites that she is a person advanced in years and
poor; that in 1861 she with her four sons enlisted
in a regiment, she as matron, and rendered ser-
vices which are set forth, and which seem to
have been remarkable. Appended to the peti-
tion are letters from many humane and well-
known persons, andsheasks, for reasonswhich
are stated, that the sum of $10,000 be appro-
priated to her in compensation for her services.
I move that the petition be referred to the Com-,
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petitions of
Mary A. Kingsbury, Michael McGinniss, and
William Pray, of Massachusetts, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented seven petitions
of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON. I am also requested to
present a petition signed by twenty of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812. These twenty per-
sons have lived the united period of fifteen hun-
dred and ninety-two years. The oldest among
them is ninety years of age, and the youngest,
I believe, seventy-two. I know some of these
old men. I remember when they were full of
vigor and full of youthfulness. Most of them
are now poor as well as very old. They ask
for some recognition of their services. They
believe, as I believe, that when they volun-
teered to serve the country in the war of 1812
they were as much needed to save the country
as men who have received large pensions since.
They offered their lives. Many of these men
I know lost their fortunes. In presenting this
petition I desire to ask for it not only the
earnest but the careful attention of the Com-
mittee on Pensions. I trust that these few old
men will be taken care of now before they die.
In a few years more none of them will be left,
and I think we can render no more fitting com-
pliment to the patriotic men of the country
than by giving a small pension to these sol-
diers. 1 move that the petition be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
Reuben Goodrich, receiver of public moneys
at Traverse City, Michigan, praying that he
may be allowed in the settlement of his ac-
counts the sum of $1,277 71, in consequence
of the payment of that amount by him to Mor-
gan Bates, the then register of the land office
at Traverse City, whom President Johnson had
attempted to remove from his office. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Claims, and I commend it to the careful
attention of that committee, for I believe it to
be a very meritorious claim.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present also the petition
of Horatio Ames and Clifford Arrick, who
complain of certain irregularities that took
place in the proceedings before the recent
court of inquiry respecting General Dyer, chief
of ordnance. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
