1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5499
honorable friend whether that does not make
it clearly a private claim.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that it is not a
private claim within the meaning of the rule.
Here is a Territory in danger and they call
upon persons to supply their armies that are
going out, and these persons put their supplies
in in accordance with the direction and in ac-
cordance with the advertised rules of the Gov-
ernment. Now, I trust that this is not a pri-
vate claim within the meaning of the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend will see how dangerous a policy this
would be for a Territory, remote on our bor-
ders, to assume that a state of hostilities exists
which would justify them in unlimited expend-
itures, independent of the judgment of the
General Government. But I do not wish to
argue it.
Mr. NYE. There is no expenditure here
but what was authorized by the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
draw the attention of the Senator from Maine
to an amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations to this very bill, "to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay outstanding lia-
bilities incurred in fitting up the branch mint
at Carson City since its completion." They
are liabilities to certain persons.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Those are lia-
bilities authorized by the agents of the Gov-
ernment, not liabilities of individuals, not
expenditures made by individuals, but expend-
itures made in behalf of the Government of
the United States by its recognized agents. In
that instance the expenditures were made by
the superintendent of the mint.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to t.he amendment reported by the
Senator from Nevada from the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. BOREMA.N. Being a bumble mem-
ber of the Committee on Territories, I feel it
to be my duty to say a word in favor of this
amendment. As has been remarked by the
chairman, the committee spent a great deal
of time in investigating the subject, and came
to the conclusion that the Government owed
a considerable sum of money, I do not recol-
lect the precise amount, for supplies furnished
to the militia who were called out for the pro-
tection of the people of the Territory of Mon-
tana. The militia were called out by Governor
Meagher under the sanction of the Secretary
of War and by order of General Sherman by
telegram. There was authority from the Gov-
ernment here, the Secretary of War, and the
general in command. Several hundred mili-
tia, I forget the exact number, were actually
called out, and a regular officer of the Army
was ordered to the seat of government of the
Territory to superintend the organization of
the militia. He was there when the supplies
were furnished for which this claim is set up,
and it was done under his eye, with his assent
and approval; so that we have the permission
of the officers of the Government here to the
authority for calling out territorial troops; we
have this expenditure of money under the eye
of another officer, who was ordered there for
this purpose. The evidence showed that the
gentlemen who preferred this claim had ex-
pended their ail in order to aid the Govern-
ment in supplying these troops with various
matters that were necessary. It is certainly a
public matter like all other moneys that are
owing to individuals for public services ren-
dered to the Government. It would seem to
me :hot it would be a very strict ruling if it is
to be ruled out as a private claim. I deem it my
duty to say that the claim itself is meritorious.
The precipe amount I cannot now recollect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
.Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 call for the yeas and
navs. t want to know whether the Senate will
vote $300,000 to a Territory, and not §25,000
for the benefit of the people of a State,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Cor'octt,
Drake, Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice.Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Y/illey, Wil-
liams, and Y ates—28.
NAYS—Messrs.Casserly,Cole, Davis, Fowler, How-
ell, Johnston, Morrill ot Maine,-Pratt, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Sponccr, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Cragin, Edmunds, Kenton, Perry,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Howe, Lewis, MoCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Revels, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, and Trumbull—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF JURORS.
Mr, CARPENTER. I desire to submit a
report from a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin rises to make a report from a com-
mittee of conference, which, under the rule
adopted to-day, is privileged. Under that rule
conference reports are privileged until the end
of this session.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 93ti)
entitled "An aet to provide for the compensation of
grand and petit jurors in the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other purposes,"
having met, after full and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows, to wit:
First. That the House concur in the 6rst amend-
ment of the Senate on page 1, section two, line four,
striking out the word "peremptory."
Second. That the Senate recede from its second
amendment, by which it added a third section, and
that said third section be struck out.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
W. M. STEWART,
A. G. THURMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
JOilN COCUItN,
P. VAN TRUMP.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in the report of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to state where the word "peremp-
tory" occurs that is stricken out, and how the
bill reads now that it is stricken out?
Mr. CARPENTER. It occurs in saying
that certain things shall be cause of challenge.
The House bill said " peremptory challenge,"
and we moved to strike that out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So as to make it chal-
lenge for cause?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Challenge for cause or
challenge for favor, as the case may be ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
The report was concurred in.
CIYir, appropriation BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 21155) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the jear
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now offer an amend-
ment, which the Senator from Maine, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, has
on his files, of which I gave notice on Friday.
I ask that it may come in immediately after
the amendment adopted on the motion of the
Senator from New Jersey:
The sum of >15,000 is hereby appropriated for con-
tinuing the system of protecting human liie from
shipwreck, as heretofore established by lite-boats and
other means on thecoa-st of Massachusetts, to be ex-
pended bv the Human e Society of the Commonwea lth
of Massachusetts, under the direction and control of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
I think the amendment needs no explana-
tion. The Senate understand that this vener-
able society has for three quarters of a century
been occupying itself with the saving of human
life at sea or when east upon snore, and has
saved many hundreds and thousands of lives ;
and it has been the habit of Congress once every
ten or fifteen years to make a small appropri-
ation for the repair of their houses of shelter,
boats, &c. The-society itself has considerable
funds contributed by private benevolence, and
no officer of the society receives any compen-
sation or award whatever. The head of the
society is David Sears, of Boston.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask whether the
thirtieth rule does not apply to this amend-
ment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On whatground?
Mr. ROBERTSON. That it is not recom-
mended by a committee, and makes an appro-
priation.
Mr. ANTHONY. It com6s from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and notice was given
of it last Friday; and it was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, all according to
the rule. My friend from South Carolina need
have no objection whatever on that score.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
comes within the rule.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is it not a private
claim?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not a claim at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend from South
Carolina will not object to this.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I know my friend from
Massachusetts will have no objection to an
amendment which I propose. I move to amend
the amendment by addding $10,000 for South
Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is certainly
not a private claim. It has no element of a
private claim at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from South
Carolina certainly should not object to my
amendment. I voted with him for his amend-
ment.
Mr. R.OBERTSON. It is very strange that
all Senators say they voted with me, and yet I
got beaten by about four to one. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina insist on his amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina moves to amend the amend-
ment by adding South Carolina.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
press that.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is any society in
South Carolina that is disinterestedly engaged
in the saving of human life I certainly should
be glad to aid it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will promise to get
up one there. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. When they get up one I
will agree to vote an appropriation for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, and
the amendment will be read as it will stand
if amended.
The Chief Clemc. The amendment, if
amended as proposed, will read :
The sum of $15,000 is hereby appropriated for con-
tinuing the sjstein of protecting liumau life fiom
shipwreck, as heretofore established, by life-boats,
and other means, en the coasts of Massachusetts and
South Carolina, to be expended by the Humane
Society of the Commonwealths of Massachusetts and
South Carolina, under the direction and control of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ROBERTSON. From the very kind
relations existing between the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself I hope he will not
object to that. I assure him that I will go
home and assist in getting up such a society in
South Carolina, which wilino doubt addgreatly
to the welfare of our citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. I think my friend, the
Senator from South Carolina, is not informed
precisely with regard to the character of the
society in Massachusetts. It is an old time-
honored society, which has been in existence
now for some two generations, and which has
a character for humanity and benevolence
which will compare with that of any society in
the country. It devotes itself exclusively to
services of humanity. It-has life-boats, houses
on the beach, on the rocks, along our rock-
bound coast, for the shelter of shipwrecked
