1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
constitution and laws of the State the tenure
of the officers who exercise under that consti-
tution and those laws the power of that State ;
to extend by act of Congress the tenure of the
members of the Legislature and of the senate
of that State for another full term; to extend
by act of Congress the tenure by which the
Governor of that State now holds his office,
under the constitution and laws thereof, also
for another full term. In other words, this
vicious bill asserts the alarming principle that
Congress may at its mere pleasure or whim
suspend the constitution and laws of a State,
give immunity to usurpers who disregard them,
and their obligations and oaths of office under
them, and extend the terms of officers elected
for two years to four, and of a Governor
chosen for four years to eight, and thus ren-
der it impossible for a disgusted, oppressed,
and outraged people to relieve themselves of
wicked, tyrannical, aud hated rulers. Could
a more monstrous proposition be suggested
under a representative Government? Could
one be suggested that touches more vitally
the most precious and cherished principles
of free institutions? There can be nothing
in the situation of Georgia to justify such
usurpation. It is a reckless attempt to over-
throw the governmentofaState without regard
to consequences or precedents, and merely to
attain a temporary and supremely unjust parti-
san ascendency. It makes the Congress the
open and cruel ally of bad men to retain them
in power, to prolong their ability to oppress
and plunder the people, and to suspend and
defer the practical enjoyment of self-govern-
ment for weary years of suffering and wrong
to the people of Georgia.
And let it be remembered that by precisely
the same kind of legal logic it is competent
for this Congress to perpetuate its own tenure:
it is competent for us to prolong our official
existence without a return to the people from
whom we have derived our right to sit here.
On the same principle we can declare by act
of Congress that this Forty-First Congress
shall continue to be a legal and constitutional
Congress of the United States until the 4th of
March, 1880. That is the logic which is con-
tained in this bill. Do the Representatives of
the people want to indorse it? Do they approve
it? Will the country approve it?
Mr. Speaker, if it had not been my fortune
to be a member of Congress during the last
five years, I would have said, and would have
hazarded my existence on the statement, that
this kind of a bill could never be enacted into
a law in this country. It violates so many and
such sacred principles of fundamental law
that I would have felt safe in venturing my all
upon such a prediction. But to-day, with the
experience of the past, with my recollection
of the conduct of this body during the last five
years, I am prepared to believe that we are
now upon the threshold of a new career of
aggressive, reckless, and abominable legisla-
tion which may lead this country God only
knows where.
Pass this bill, inaugurate this system, sap-
ply to yourselves out of your own usurpations
a precedent for future usurpations, and to-mor-
row there may come into this body a proposition
to disrobe the Commonwealth of Tennessee
of her constitutional authority, and on the fol-
lowing day there may be another proposition
to take its original and God-given right of self-
government from some other Commonwealth
in this Union; until in the early future this
sisterhood of States will be reduced to the con-
dition of abject, miserable, and most pitiable
dependence upon a great central republican
despotism, having its seat in this Capitol,
and from here with the strong hand of power
destroying every franchise, every guarantee,
every limitation upon power hitherto held
absolutely inviolable and sacred, and beyond
the control of any power in this country, ex-
cept tho power of the people exercised in
the making or the changing of their constitu-
tions.
Mr. Speaker, a word more and I have done.
In this connection I desire attention to the
second proviso of the bill, which is proposed
also as a fundamental condition:
Second. That it shall never be lawful for the said
State to deprive any citizen of the United States on
account of his race, oolor, or previous condition of
servitude of tho right to hold office under the con-
stitution and laws of said State, or upon any such
ground to require of him any other qualifications for
office than such as are required of all other eitiiens.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have in this proposi-
tion another departure in the career of congres-
sional reconstruction. Hitherto it has never
been decided that the fifteenth amendment, the
fourteenth amendment, the thirteenth amend-
ment, or the original Constitution requires that
the right to hold office shall be possessed by
all the citizens of this country; neither has it
been judicially decided that they do possess that
right. It has been so decided in the State of
Georgia under a sort of congressional coercion;
but that decision had reference primarily to the
constitution and laws of Georgia.
It may be so held there with entire propriety
under the constitution and laws of the State of
Georgia, while in another State, under a differ-
ent constitution and laws, it might be held other-
wise, and correctly so held. I hold that in the
Constitution of the United States, and in the
amendments to that Constitution, there is no
provision which in terms declares that the right
to hold office inheres in or constitutes an essen-
tial element of mere citizenship of the United
States. The right to hold office under the
United States may well be prescribed and de-
fined by the Constitution and laws thereof; but
on the same obvious principles the right in the
States should be regulated thereby, in subordi-
nation of course to the Constitution ofthe United
States. To what extent the right to hold State
offices is an incident of citizenship of the United
States or is affected by the fifteenth amend-
ment, is a judicial question, and should receive
judicial determination. It is an outrage on
just principles of constitutional government to
attempt in this way to inject constructions of
the Constitution of the United States under the
name of fundamental conditions into the laws
or constitution of a State. The making of such
conditions can give no value whatever to them
as limitations on the powers of the States; they
violate the sacred principle of State equality.
The States of this Union must be always equal—
equal in rights, powers, and dignity. The op-
posite theory destroys the very idea of Union.
This fundamental condition is therefore, like
the other, a monstrous wrong, and ought to be
rejected with emphasis and indignation. Let
no such humiliation' be added to the wrongs
already suffered by Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, it was solely from a desire to
enter my solemn protest against these new and
alarming provisions that I have occupied the
attention of the House at all, and I now sur-
render the floor.
And then, on motion of Mr. CALKIN, (at
three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AT WOOD: The petition of George
Knapp and 58 others, citizens of Aztalan,
Jefferson county, Wisconsin, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of
George McMillan and many others, citizens of
Detroit, Michigan, against the continuance of
a tax upon incomes.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Shippensville, Clarion county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HAY: The memorial of P. Boll, of
Greenville, Illinois, praying Congress to enact
a law providing for the appointment of agents
by the President of the United States to visit
Europe to aid, stimulate, and encourage emi-
gration to this country, and also to protect
emigrants from Europe against fraud.
By Mr. JUDD: The remonstrances of F. D.
Gray and others, against the proposed change
of the tariff on sugars for the benefit of the
refiners.
Also, a petition of cigar-makers, for restor-
ation ofthe old tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. TILLMAN: The memorial of Joseph
B. Stacy, asking removal of political disabili-
ties.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 7, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. NfiW-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb,
late a private in company G, eighth regiment
Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (H. B. No. 1410) granting a pension
to Sarah R. Dick ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1411) granting a pension
i to Robert H. Brown, of Champaign county,
! Illinois.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Charles Town Smith, formerly an attach^ of
our legation at Madrid, asking for compensa-
tion for services rendered some time ago, for
which he has never yet received compensation.
I move its reference to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition of
David G. Cotting, of the city of Atlanta, State
of Georgia, setting forth that he was appointed
an assistant assessor in Georgia shortly after
President Johnson succeeded to power, and
that be did not take th6 oaths required by law,
and on that account he has never received
compensation. He asks to have compensa-
tion paid to him. I present the petition, and
ask its reference to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to lie on the
table. We have reported a general bill for the
relief of that class of persons, and the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has always
opposed it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have always opposed it;
and I was going to say in^^fetitlng this peti-
tion that I doubt vefy serfotisty whether Con-
gress ought to nfokfe compensation to such
parties.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have reported a bill.
Mr. SUMNER: Let the petition lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present also a petition
from Nicholas P. Trist, who negotiated the
treaty between the United States and Mexico
known as the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, by
which peace between these two Powers was
established, and, among other things Califor-
nia was secured. It sets forth that he has
never received proper compensation for his
services on that very important and historic
occasion. He now asks that Congress shall
consider his case. I move the reference of his
petition to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and, considering its character and the
importance of having the facts before the Sen-
ate, I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
