4556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
before the Senate. But I confess that while T
offer this substitute as complete ill itself, as
being something in the nature of a system,
■which the pendingproposition clearly is not, the
point which 1 have at'heart, and withoutwhich
T should be silent to-night, is, that it provides
cheap postage for tht  people by the reduction
of the rate of letter postage to one cent. I have
already discussed this proposition at such length
in this debate that 1 hesitate to say a word
upon it now. But I am determined that this
occasion shall not pass without giving the Sen-
ate an opportunity of voting at least on a propo-
sition which I consider of infinite importance
to the country. You propose to abolish the
franking system. I insist that the people shall
have a substitute in cheap postage. My friend,
the Senator fromlndiana, [Mr. Morton*,] said
this morning, members of Congress will take
care of themselves. Sir, I wish them to take
care of the people. To me it is,a matter of in-
difference whether you make any provision by
which my postage shall be paid or not. Do as
you please in that regard ; but 1 insist that at
this time, when you are making this consider-
able change in the posta1 service, you shall do
something for the people You propose to cut
them oft' from facilities they now enjoy. I
insist upon giving them another franking sys'
tern as a substitute for the old. I give them
one-eeul postage. That is so che'ap, so com-
paratively small, that you inay say the whole
country will have the power to frank. It will
no longer be a privilege. It will be a power
belonging to every person on our soil. I
I have selected as the rate one cent for what
seemed to me good and sufficient reasons ;
and if I can have the attention of the Senate
for a moment, 1 believe that 1 can satisfy them
that in making this selectiou I have not erred.
In the first place, the rate of one cent for a half-
ounce letter is as much as the transportation of
the letter is worth. It is more than freight or
other transportation would pay. It is more than
the freight on a barrel of flour or on any article
of commerce that yon may name. And, now that
I may not say this on my own authority, I offer
the testimony of one who, in this discussion,
must be beyond question. It is that of the
Quartermaster General of the United States,
from whom but a day or two ago I received a
letter which is so interesting and instructive
on this point that I ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
War Department,
Quartermaster Geskkal'-s Office,
WASsmoroN, JJ. C., June It, 1870.
My Dear Sin: i have just read yours-pcer-h on the
reduction of i>o*taj?e to a uniform rato of one coat
throughout tbo United States.
i trttfct th:it you will circulate this speech so that it
may coino within the ken of every family in tho
United .States, X cannot doubt that whatever may
be the fiitc of the mensure now it will continue to be
dismissed, mid within a very fnw years it must be-
come the law.
Then those, who doubt and oppose will find them-
selves in the condition of those who scouted llowland
Hill's and S. F. B. Morse's preaf inventions of penny
postage and electric telcglaphs.
As icgaids tianspoit, my position gives me some
knowledge of its cost and difficulties on the remoter
routes*
We now transport a pound of.any military sup-
plies, ^rain, leather, machineiy, from San Francisco
l>y ocean and Gulf of California and Colorado river
to Yuma depot, th"n by wagon over a desert to
'I'uci-un, Arizona, at a contract price of eight and
three eighths cents.
A more difficult route is scarcely to be found.
At one cent per half once a pound of letters trans-
ported by the post office over the same route will be
chaiged tliirty-two cents, nearly four tini'sasmuch.
I am, \ oiy respectfully, your friend and servant,
M. C. MlilGtS,
Quarterhias/er General,
JJrevft Major General United Stales Ari)>y.
Hon. Charles Scmmje, (Jnitcd folates Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. You will see that the
Quartermaster General says that this measure
must become a law, and he further says, from
his experience as Quartermaster General in
transportation on a large scale, that the rate
of or.e cent is ample for the half ounce letter.
I have already, when I had the honor of ad-
dressing the Senate before, demonshated lhaf,
one cent postage is ample fur a half-ounce let-
ter, and everything over a cent that you make
such a letter pay is a tax on correspondence,
which I humbly submit you ought not to im-
pose. Keep your taxes for something else,
but do not impose them on the letter-writers
of the country. Why do you not tax your
public schools? Why not tax the child with
■his satchel going to school? You might as
well tax a child with his satchel going to school,
you might as well tax the school itself, as the
letters of the country. Correspondence ought
to be encouraged, stimulated, because through
it business and all the activities of the country
are increased. There is nothing which is not
benefited by correspondence. There is nothing
in science, in literature, in art, in politics,
which is not advanced by this little messenger
which we know as a letter, and yet by the
absurd system which now prevails you tax it.
There is another reason why I select one
cent. I have said, following General Meigs,
that one cent is as much as the transportation
is worth. But there is still another reason,
and it is this : that the cent is the lowest unit
of coin in our country, and therefore it is in
itself the most convenient. On that account
it should be selected as the rate of postage for
a letter. Is there an answer to that? Can
any Senator give me a reason? I should like
to have the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads give
me an answer to this allegation.
Mr. RA MS MY. When the Senator is through.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but 1 will ask
the Senator to consider well before he opposes
a proposition iu itself so intrinsically benefi-
cent. I hope that my friend will not, in the
earnestness of his advocacy of an imperfect
measure, seek to put down a proposition which
is ill itself calculated to bo a fountain of
good.
But, I come back to the proposition that the
true and natural rate of postage is the lowest
unit of coin. This was the rate selected iu
England under the auspices of that great ben-
efactor Rowland Hill, when the penny was
made the universal rate throughout the king-
dom, the penny being the lowest unit of coin.
Mr. CAMERON. Have they not got a half
penny?
Mr. SUMNER. A half penny is not a unit;
Mr. CAMERON. 1 know it is not; but it
is a coin.
Mr. SUMNER. I am speaking of the low-
est unit of coin iu calculations.
But it is said that three cents with us is sub-
stantially the equivalent of the penny in Eng-
land. How so ? My excellent friend, the Sen-
ator from Indiana, argued this the other day,
and other Senators. I think my friend, the
chairman of the committee tooK the same
ground—that three cents with us was the equiv-
alent of a penny in England. Why, do not
Senators know that in England the scale of
everything in the way of salary or tax is higher
than with us? Begin with the compensation
of tho queen and put it against that of your
President.
Mr. RAMSEY'. Commence with the Wages
of the laborer, and how is it then?
Mr. SUMNER. Begin, I was saying, with the
compensation of the queen, and put it against
that of your President. Take the compensa-
tion of the cabinet ministers or of the judges
of the land, and regard them in comparison
with the compensation of our own judges. The
chief justice of England has £8.000, $40,000
a year. An associate judge has £5,000, §25,000
a year; and so if you go through the whole
English scale of expenditures you will find
that it ranges above ours. Therefore do 1
insist that our postal service should be below
theirs. They have the penny, which is in the
natural line of succession, if I may so say, with
the pound and the shilling; and it harmon-
izes with their superior scale of expenditure.
To be equal with diem, taking our two systems
together, our postage should be one cent only
and not three cents. And I submit that one
cent is the proper equivalent for the English,"
penny. I put the cent against the penny.
Sir, I am mortified to be obliged to argue
this. Is there any Senator who is willing to-
say that our postal service shall be inferior to
that of England, or that it shall be no bettet
than that of England? Does it not belong to
us to have the best postal system in the world?*
Should not the service among us be the cheap'-'
est in the World ? Show me any country where
the rate is a penny, and I insist that our rate
shall be lower. And if the rate in another
country goes below the penny, then I insist
that ours shall go lower, if possible. Am I
wrong in this? Is it not according to the genius
of republican institutions that all these facilities
should be supplied to the people at the cheap-
est rate? Can you afford in the administration
of this Government to tax the people on letters
more than they are taxedtitider a monarchy?
Mr. HOWE. I did not have the pleasure
of listening to tho Senator from Massachusetts
the other day, and therefore I do not under-,
rtand whether or not he means to contend that
the effect of this reduction of postage would
increase the number of letters, so that there
would be no diminution of revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. The point to which the Sen-
ator calls my attention I discussed at length,
:tt least an hour and a half, the other day. I
tvas very sorry indeed that I had not the advan-
tage of the Senator's presence. It would give
me great delight to go through this subject with
him, and if I could have his sympathy I should
be very happy.
Mr. IIO U E. I only want to understand the
Senator's position. I shall not ask him how
he feels afterward. I want to know if he in-
sists that the reduction of the rate of postage
to a third of the present rate will treble the
amount of mail matter transported?
Mr. SUMNER. According to my calcula-
tions, the first year it would be about one hun-
dred per cent.
Mr. HOWE. Of increase?
Mr. SUMNER. Of increase. I think it
would take some time, how long I cannot say,
before the Post Office with one cent postage
would yield as much as it now yields with three
cents postage. But my argument is that the
letter should not pay for carrying the free
matter and the heavy printed matter; that one
cent is more than enough to pay for the trans-
portation of all the letters;-all of which I
demonstrated. If the Senator will be good
enough to read the speech, I think he will find
the figui'es and the statistics complete on that
point. 1 am satisfied myself that they cannot
be answered. And this leads me to say in
reply to my friend, what indeed I have already
urged, that our present system; so far as re-
gards correspondence, is unjust and inequit-
able.
Mr. HOWE. Does not the logic of the Sen-
ator's theory require him while reducing the
postage on letters to put up the postage on
printed matter?
Mr. SUMNER. No; the logic of it would
be that the national Treasury should bear Uie
additional burden of the printed matter. I
would take from the letter the tax now imposed
upon it. As it i^ now, the letter carries the
franked matter and the printed matter on its
shoulders.^ I wish to relieve this little mes-
senger of that heavy weight. This is my object.
I wish the Senator would help me.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know butthat I should
be induced to consent to do that much} but,
then j I want to know where to put the burden
we take off the letter. Where would the Sen-
ator put it?
_ S[f. feUMNER, I have already said, several
times over, oil the national Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. That is to say, take it from
him who reads the printed matter, and gets il,
and who is now charged with the cost of* trans*
portation, and put it upon him who does not
get it.
Mr. FOWLER. That is it.
