1724
TEE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. HOWARD. I present the memorial of
several persons who were marine engineers in
the district of Detroit, asking certain relief in
regard to taxation and an amendment of the
law respecting the qualifications of members
of that corps. I move its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
Abigail Barton, widow of Aaron Barton, sec-
ond United States dragoons, a late, deceased
pensioner of the war of 1812, praying the
enactment of a law granting her a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Annie M.
Wright, widow of corporal William T. Wright,
late of company H, first regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, praying the enactment of a
law granting her a pension and his arrears
of pay and bounty; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented resolutions adopted by
the St. Aloysitis Total Abstinence Society of
Washington, District of Columbia, signed by
George Savage, first vice president, and John
Hogan, secretary, praying the passage of the
bill now before Congress prohibiting the sale
of intoxicating liquors in the District of Co-
lumbia ; which were referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
lie also presented four petitions of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing Congress to pass a taw prohibiting the sale
as a beverage of all intoxicating drinks in the
District of Columbia; which were referred
to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. HARLAN presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Iowa, instructing
the Senators and asking the Representatives
of that St^te to favor an act for the relief of
Peter J. Kaapp, private of company H, fifth
Iowa iutautry volunteers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of Iowa, in favor of remov-
ing the capital ot tlie United States, and op-
posing any appropriations for public build-
ings in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kentucky, praying the establishment
of additional Federal courts in that State;
which was referred ^o, th$ Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON presentedpetitio na o f citizens
of New England and New York, praying for the
repealofthe statute imposingdutiesonimported
lumber; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance. . -
He also presented resolutions of the Boards
of Trade of the cities of Oswego, New York,
and of Buffalo, New York, asking that Con-
gress make an appropriation for the improve-
ment of Maumee bay; ifhich were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.'
Mr. REVELS presented a petition from the
colored membecs of the General Assembly of
Alabama, in behalf of Hon. Samuel F. Bice,,
of Montgomery county, Alabama, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the abolition of the
frankiug privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. COLE. I present,a petition signed by
Macondray & Co. and Also?& Co., and con-
taining a large number of other name? of lead-
ing business houses in San Francisco, asking
Congress to take steps for the improvement
of the vacant portion of the custom-house block
in that city. This block is in the central part
of the city, and for the last eighteen or twenty
years has been unoccupied, except by some
repulsive shanties, and is really and has been
during all that space of time a public nuisance.
They set forth that the United States Govern-
ment are paying rents to the amount «f some
$70,000 for offices for the use of the officers of
the Government in its various departments in
that city, and that it will be a matter of economy
for the Government to improve this property
by erecting a building upon it for the accom-
modation of the various Government officers
in that part of the State. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William Bennet, Norfolk, Virginia; of H. A.
Morrison, Seott county, Virginia; of John J.
Stacks, Alleghany county, Virginia; of A. S.
Narment, Wise county, Virginia; of John P.
Sharitz, Wythe county, Virginia; of John G.
Wood, Scott county, Virginia; of L. C. H.
Finney, Accomac county, Virginia; of B. B.
Ewell, Accomac county, Virginia; of John A.
Parker, Dinwiddie county, Virginia; of W. H.
Parker, Accomac county, Virginia; of Benja-
min Cooley, Carroll county, Virginia; of John
E. Farmer, Carroll county, Virginia; of James
L. Mitchell, Carroll county, Virginia; of Wil-
liam S. Lyon, Carroll county, Virginia; of Rev.
Lee C. Brown, Hillsville, Virginia; of Thomas
Wood, Wythe county, Virginia; of Nicholas P.
Oglesby, Wythe county, Virginia; of John M.
Bunts, Wythe county, Virginia; of Joseph C.
A. Newton, Scott county, Virginia; of William
Eggleston, Giles county, Virginia; of John W.
C. Catlett, Gloucester countyrVirginia; ofD.
F. Womack, Prince Edward county, Virginia;
of John H. Hoye, Bland county, Virginia; of
John B. Bridges, Wythe county, Virginia; of
John W. Holland, Danville, Virginia; of
Thomas M. Hunley, Matthews county, Vir-
ginia; of David Barber, Pittsylvania county,
Virginia; of John T. Sea well, Gloucester eounty,
Virginia; of C. A. McCauley, Roanoke county,
Virginia; of Joseph M. Alsop, Spottsylvania
county, Virginia; of J. A. Taylor, Lunenburg
county, Virginia) of John Trout, Roanoke
county, Virginia; of Thomas R. Hey wood,
Caroline county, Virginia; of John G. Witcher,
Pittsylvania county, Virginia; of William R.
Denny, Winchester, Virginia; of A. J. Brent,
S. B. Burgess, and T. Edwin Belt, Northum-
berland county, Virginia; of Robert K. Bibb,
Nelson county, Virginia; of S. R. Edwards,
Southampton county, Virginia; of Thomas L.
Hunter, King George county, Virginia; of
William E. Clopton, New Kent county, Vir-
ginia; of Alboa A.Arthur, Bedford county,
Virginia; of R. G. Mosby, Powhatan county,
Virginia; of James M. Harris, Bedford county,
Virginia; ofC. W. Litchfield, Northumberland
county, Virginia; of Joseph C. Terry and James
D. Hawkins, Halifax county,Virginia; of 8. P.
Bayly, William F. Turner, 8. H. Turner, and
James P. Turner, Fauquier county, Virginia;
of Waddy Street, Lunenburg county, Virginia;
of Douglass Pitt, Middlesex county, Virginia;
of Charles S. Hutchison, and Theodoric M.
Roberts, Charlotte county, Virginia; of Wil-
liam G. Wortham, Middlesex county, Virginia;
of E. R.Teller, Scott county, Virginia; of John
J, Jones, Culpepper county, Virginia; of J.
Marshall Homes, Stafford county, Virginia;
of James M. Davis, Orange county, Virginia;
of Hugh A. Corley, Tallahassee, Florida; of
G. Troupe, Fernandina county, Florida; of
Thomas M. Wrenn, Loudon, county, Vir-
ginia; of Herbert C. Fairfax, Fairfax county,
Virginia; of A. W. Stark, Norfolk, Virginia;
of Henry W. Daingerfield, Essex county, Vir-v
ginia; of William M. Cabell, Buckingham
county, Virginia; of Robert B. Mooreman,
Roanoke county, Virginia; of Charles G.
Jones, King George county, Virginia; of
Joseph M. Lean, Alexandria, Virginia; of
Charles T. Green, Fauquier county, Virginia ;
of David R. Duncan, South Carolina; of J.
B. Anderson, Louisa county, Virginia; of W.
S. Terrell, Prince William county, Virginia;
of T. S. D. Massey, King George county, Vir-
ginia ; of S. P. Hackett, Louisa county, Vir-
ginia ; of 0. B. Finney, Accomac county, Vir-
ginia; of P. W. Gruppy, Richmond, Virginia;
ofS. H. Morison, Scott county, Virginia; of
Ephraim Hickam, Scott county, Virginia; of
Joseph A. Nunn, Louisa county, Virginia ; of
Joseph C. A< Newton, U. F. Hickam, John
Hickam, and William W. Bell, of Scott county,
Virginia; of George W. Hansbrough, Salem,
Roanoke county, Virginia; of Felix G. Sitton,
Colquitt, Georgia; of James L. Wilson, Isle
of Wight county, Virginia ; of Thomas J. Lut-
trell, Washington, District of Columbia ; of
Patrick Henry Aylett, Richmond, Virginia;
of David Collar, Carroll county, Virginia ; and
of V. T. Conway, Stafford county, Virginia;
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of C.
T. O. Ferrall, Rockingham county, Virginia;
of Robert Johnston, Rockingham county,
Virginia; of John M. Gregory, Charles City
county, Virginia; of Joseph H. Prince, South-
ampton county, Virginia; of Edward Wilcox,
Charles City county, Virginia; of Thomas H.
Wilcox, Charles City county, Virginia; of
Granderson Mosely, Buckingham county, Vir-
ginia; of P. B. Williams, Frederick county,
Virginia; of John Buckholder, Virginia; of
James G. Field, Culpepper county, Virginia;
of L. H. Chandler, in behalf of J. D. Haly-
burton, of Henrico county, Virginia, and also
in behalf of Edward Wilcox, Thomas H. Wil-
cox, Edward Waddill, and John M. Gregory,
Charles City county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
W. R. Smith, Tuscaloosa, Alabama; of James
M. Lee, Sumter county, Alabama, and of
John A. Winston, Mobile, Alabama, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Alabama, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, asking for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Starke, in Bradford •
county, to Lake City, in Columbia county,
Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Thomas C. Bowen, of Albemarle, Virginia,
indorsed by John R. Woods, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition from citizens .of Royalton, Windsor
county, Vermont, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of A.
& H. Strassburger and Gay & Hardie, and
other merchants of Alabama, praying the pas-
sage of a law at an early day requiring that all
the taxes on spirits distilled within, the United
States may be collected at the distillery or dis-
tillery warehouse, increasing the tax, if need
be, to cover the separate and minute taxes on
the same spirits now otherwise collected, and
that no further tax shall in any form be required
to be paid for or on account of said spirits;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Edward Droragoole, of Brunswick county, .
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
