3612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
in this bill as well as in that of the House. It
seems not to have struck those who drew either
of the two bills that the prevention ofthe exercise
of the right of suffrage was not the only or the
raaiu trouble that we have upon our hands. Sup-
pose there shall be an organization of individ-
uals, or. if you please, a single individual, who
shall take it upon himself to compel his fellow-
citzens to vote in a particularway. Suppose he
threatens to discharge them from employment,
to bring upon them the outrages which are being
perpetrated by the Kuklux organizations, so as
not to prevent their voting, but to compel them
to vote in accordance with the dictates of the
party who brings this coercion upon them. It
seems to me it is necessary that we should
legislate against that. That is a more threat-
ening view of the subject than the mere pre-
venting of registration or of entering men's
names upon the assessment books for taxa-
tion or ot depositing the ballot in the box. I
think the bill cannot be perfected to meet the
emergencies of the occasion unless there be a
section which meets that view of the case.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
asks whether I have drawn an amendment to
that effect. I have, but I cannot offer it at
this time, for the simple reason that there is an
amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
Mr. POOL. It has been printed, and I send
it to the desk to be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Pool, nsfollows:
Insert after section four of the Senate bill the fol-
lowing sections:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
unlawful lor any person, with intent to hinder or
influence tbe exercise of the right of suffrage as afore-
said. to coerce or intimidate, or attempt to coerce or
intimidate any of the legally qualified voters in any
State or Territory. Any person violating the pro-
visions of this section shall be held guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined
or imprisoned, or both, in the discretion of theeourt:
the fine not to exceed $1,000, and the imprisonment
cot to exceed one year.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That if two or
more persons shall band or eonspire together, or go
in disgnise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen with intent to prevent or hinder
his free exercise and enjoyment of any right or priv-
ilege granted or secured to him by the Constitution
or Taws of the United States, such person shall be
held guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof shall
be fined and imprisoned; the fine not to exceed $5,000
and the imprisonment not to exceed ten years; and
shall, moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and dis-
abled from holding any offiee or place of honor, profit,
or trust created by tho Constitution or laws of the
United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That if in the act
of violating any provision in either of the two pre-
ceding sections, any other felony, crime, or misde-
meanor shall be committed, the offender may be in-
dicted or prosecuted for the same in the courts of the
United States, as hereinafter provided, for violations
of this act, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished for the same with such punishments as are
attached to like felonies, crimes, and misdemeanors
by the laws of the State in which the offense may be
committed.
Strike out section twelve and substitute therefor
tho following:
And be it further enacted. That the Prcsidentof the
United States, or such person as be may empower
for that purpose, may employ in any State such part
of the land and naval forces of the United States, or
of the militia, as he may deem necessary to enforce
the complete execution of this act: and with such
forces may pursue, arrest, and hold for trial all per-
sons charged with the violation of any of the provis-
ions of this act, and enforce the attendance of wit-
nesses upon the examination or trial of such persons.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from North Carolina yield to the Senator
from Delaware?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It has been my inten-
tion to address the Senate on this bill 
Mr. POOL. I meant to yield only tempo-
rarily. I thought the gentleman desired to
ask a question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I will suggest
to the Senator's legal mind a proposition, and
I should like to hear him discuss it. The
fifteenth amendment provides that Congress
shall by appropriate legislation enforce it. I
should liko to hear the Senator from North
Carolina upon that question. That legislation j
is not appropriate which is prohibited. The I
Constitution of the United States provides
that upon application of the Governor, when
the Legislature i3 not in session, or of the
Legislature when in session, the President may
use the military force of the country in a State.
This bill provides that the President, of his
own motion, without application eitherfrom the
Governor or the Legislature of a State, may
use the military force of the country. I wish
the Senator from North Carolina, who is a
clear-headed man in his advocacy of this
measure, to demonstrate to the Senate the con-
stitutional right of the Congress ofthe United ;
Stutes to make such an enactment as this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me?
Mr. POOL. 1 believe I am entitled to the
floor. I will yield for a moment to the Sena-
tor from Maine if he desires to ask a question.
PROPOSED KECESS. ;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to ask
consent to make a motion that at half past four
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks consent to submit a motion that at
half past four o'clock to-day the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. The ques-
tion is on the motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine what business he pro-
poses to consider this evening ?
Mr. STEWART. To finish this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. This alone?
Mr. STEWART. This bill alone. I am
informed by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that to-morrow at one
o'clock he wants to cail up the appropriation
bill.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the i
yeas and nays. |
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope my friend will
not press the motion. There are a number of
Senators who desire to be absent this evening
for a reason that if stated would be satisfactory
to the Senate. It is not right to ask them to
come out to-night and sit this bill out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think debate is about
exhausted. I wonder if we cannot finish it by
half past four o'clock ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
a recess is not debatable except by consent.
Mr. SHE RMAN. I ask my colleague whether
he knows of any Senator who desires to speak ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not now ; but I do
not know when a vote can be had.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to be heard.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casserly] also desires to speak.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make this
motion with a view of giving an opportunity
to close this debate, for I believe that to-mor-
row at one o'clock it is my duty to urge the
Senate to consider the appropriation bill which
has been suspended for nearly a week.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to remain
here until we have a final vote upon this bill,
without adjournment or recess; but I have
never seen any particular use in an evening
session after a recess. I prefer, so far as I am
concerned, to stay here until we get a vote, and
I shall vote against a recess and for remaining
in session.
Mr. STEWART. It is entirely immaterial
to me. I want to dispose of this bill to-night,
and am willing to go straight on ; but if a
majority think it is best to have a recess, very
well.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
! the Senator from Maine is that at half past
four o'clock tho Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senate have
already passed an order that we shall hold au
evening session every other evening next week.
We passed that order yesterday or the day
before. It seems to me that will be quite suffi-
cient, and quite as much as we shall be able to
endure. I doubt very much whether we gain
anything by holding an evening session. Gen-
tlemen become fatigued; they are out of their
seats engaged in other business ; and I fancy
we shall make just as much progress by having
our dinner at our usual hour and adjourning
over until to-morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carponter, Colo, Corbett, Cragin. Drake, Gilbert,
llamlin, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nyo, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels, Robertson,
Ross, Sohurz, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Warner, Willey, and Williams—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Davis, ronton,
Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Mc-
Donald, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer,
Spraguo, Sumner, Tliurinan, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Cameron, Cattell, Conkling, Edmunds, Fow-
ler, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Patterson. Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stockton, and
Wilson—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from North Carolina proceeds, as the Sen-
ate has been so closely divided on the resolu-
tion as to final adjournment, the Chair desires
to remind the Senate that that resolution will
come up to-morrow immediately on the close
of the morning business. The Senator from
North Carolina will resume.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a re-
port at this time for the purpose of having it
printed. The Committee on the Judiciary,
who were by a resolution of the Senate in-
structed to inquire whether any corrupt or
improper means have been used or attempted
to influence the vote of any Senator in respect
to the bill relating to the admission of Georgia
to representation in Congress, have instructed
me to submit a report in writing, accompanied
by the testimony taken by the committee. I
will say, in submitting the report, that the
committee recommend that the entire testi-
mony which accompanies it be printed. In
moving that the report and testimony be
printed, I will state that the report is unani-
mous, except in so far as it is modified by a
statement ot two members of the committee
which is attached to the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the report
accompanied by any resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the report
will be laid upon the table; and it, with the
accompanying evidence, will be printed, if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection to that course. It is so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 198) authorizing the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the commis-
sioner of quarantine, or other proper author-
ities of the State of New York, the Steamer
Illinois, for quarantine purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint res-
olutions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 786) authorizing the sale
of certain arsenals and property of the United
St&t6S*
A bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1871;
