2668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
gati, in conformity with the act of Congress
approved May 28,1830, submitted an advi t-se
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I am also directed by the
Committee on Claims to report adversely on
the petition of Solomon Stover, who makes
claim a,gainst the Government for the occupa-
tion of certain premises in Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, by the Union forces during the war and
up to 1866, and for damages done to that prop-
erty. The committee, after much investiga-
tion, have directed me to report adversely to
the claim; and I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred resolutions of
the board of trustees of the Seamen's Fund
and Retreat, in the city of New York, asking
that some action be taken by Congress which
shall result in placing the entire matter of the
care of sick and disabled seamen arriving at
the port of New York, with adequate provis-
ion for their support, under the exclusive con-
trol either of the State or national authorities,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration; which was agreed to. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 483) granting lands and the right of
way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of north
latitude, from the Mississippi river to the Ark-
ansas river, reported it with amendments.
tunnel under niagara river.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. It.
No. 1512) to authorize the city of Buffalo,
New York, to construct a tunnel under Niag-
ara river, and to oroot and maintain an inlet
pier therefrom, have instructed mo to report
it back without amendment; and I ask that it
be now put Oil its passage. It is simply a bill
to authorize a tunnel and pier to be con-
structed to facilitate the construction of the
water-works of the city of Buffalo, and there
is reason for its early passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to make it lawful for the city of Buffalo
to construct and maintain a tunnel under
Black Hock harbor arid Niagara river, extend-
ing not more than four hundred feet outside
ol Bird Island pier, and to erect and maintain
an inlet pier therefrom, the inlet pier to be
located not more than four hundred feet out-
side of Bird Island pier.
The bill was reported to the Senate .without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill(S. No.
790) for the relief of John Tyler; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 791) to incorporate the Pacific Submarine
Telegraph Company, and to facilitate tele-
graphic communication between. America and
Asia; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLEll asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 174) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw
couuty, in the State of Michigan, to Fort How-
ard, Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that Setiate bill
No. 092, for the relief of J. Ross Browne, late
minister to China, be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I have some
additional paper3 that I wish to submit to that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
telegraph to printing office.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Itesolved, That the Committee on Printing bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of construct-
ing a lino of telegraph between the Capitol and tho
Government Printing Office.
tax on distilled spirits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
further Senate resolutions the Calendar of res-
olutions which have laid over is next before
the Senate, and the Secretary will report the
first resolution on the Calendar.
The Secretary. The first resolution on the
Calendar is the resolution submitted by Mr.
Cole, on the 14th of December last, instructing
the Committee on Finance to inquire into the
expediency of increasing the tax on distilled
spirits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
spanish atjn-boats folt cuba.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution submitted by Mr. Caiu'ENTEr, on
the 13th of December last, that tho gun-boats
built or contracted for in the United States on
behalf of the Government of Spain should not
be allowed to depart from the country during
the continuance of the present rebellion in
Cuba.
Mr. CARPENTER. As the occasion which
that resolution was addressed to has passed, I
will, in legal phrase, lake a nonsuit, by moving
to lay tho resolution on the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
yerger case.
The next resolution was the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Thurman, on the 16th of Decem-
ber last, calling for information in relation to
an arrangement entered into between tho Attor-
ney General and tho counsel of Yerger, under
arrest by the military authorities, relating to
the proceedings on his application for a writ
of habeas corpus.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that resolu-
tion lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
military commission in georgia.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution submitted by Mr. Norton, on the
24th of January last, instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to inquire by what authority,
if any, General Terry has organized and con-
vened a military commission to inquire into
the eligibility of senators and representatives
elected to the Legislature of Georgia, and their
right to hold seats in that body.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that also lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
"black bob" indians.
The next business on the Calendar was tho
request of tho House of Representatives, re-
ceived on the 18th of February last, that the
Senate transmit to the House the letter and
accompanying papers of the Secretary of the
Interior relating to the lands of the Black
Bob band of Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. The occasion for that has
passed by; the papers have all been printed.
I move that the matter lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is no objec-
tion to the resolution being adopted now and
the original papers going over to the House.
As the House of Representatives has
for the original papers, there can be no objec-
tion to their going over.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; let it be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the request of the House of
Representatives and ordering the papers to be
transmitted.
The request was agreed to.
settlers on land granted for railroads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution is a resolution submitted by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Howell,] on the 28th of Febru-
ary, iu relation to the rights of settlers to home-
steads on lands granted to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like that resolu-
tion to be taken up simply to offer an amend-
ment to it, and that I may have it referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now up.
The Senator can move his amendment, and then
the reference.
Mr. HO WELL. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows;
Jiesolved, ThattheComiiiittebonPubliotiandsand
the Committee on tho Pacific Railroad be instructed
to insert in all bills hereafter reported for grants of
land to aid in tho construction of railroads a provis-
ion which will secure tho rights of settlers to home-
steads on said grants, and require that thesalo of the
lands thereof shall be made at tho same price as tho
alUrnato sections of tho Government lands, in order
to promote the speedy occupation of 6aid lands and
therapid settlement of thoseetion of country in which
they may bo located, and to protoet tho people against
the evils of land monopoly.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not think the resolu-
tion needs any amendment. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
surplus gold in treasury.
The next resolution was one submitted by
Mr. Fowler, on the 8th of March, instructing
the Committee on Finance to report instruct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose
of the surplus gold in the Treasury without
delay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that lie on
table.
The motion was agreed to.
government officers and employes.
'The next resolution was one submitted by
Mr. Carpenter, calling for the names, age,
and compensation of all inferior officers, clerks,
and employ6s in the respective Executive De-
partments, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Abbott.
Mr. CARPENTER. I thought that resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment on a former occasion.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It was not. It
was debated until one o'clock and then passed
over. The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.,
Abbott] offered an amendment. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] sug-
gested its reference to the Committee on Re-
trenchment when it was pending before, but it
was cut off by the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 make that motion now,
that it be referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
treaties f0ii foreign territory.
Tho next resolution on the Calendar was
one submitted by Mr. Ferry, to amend tho
thirty-ninth rule of the Senate so as to pro-
vide that any treaty for the annexation to the
United States of the entire dominion of any
foreignPower shall be considered in open ses-
sion, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FERRY. I simply ask that a vote be
taken on the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. I think the resolution ought
not to be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
