5500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
persons. It is supported in the main by pri-
vate munificence; but from time to time it has
received from Congress appropriations like
that now moved. The last appropriation it
received was as long ago as 1857. During the
war, and the trials tbat ensued, the gentlemen
interested in that society hesitated to make any
appeal to Congress; but now that better times
have come, and while the waves still beat upon
our coast, and the storms occasionally occur,
they are moved to this effort, tbat they may
have the needful means in order to supply the
assistance which is needed; in order to supply
the assistance which it is so important on that
coast should be supplied.
1 hope there will be no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island. If the Senator from South Carolina
will at any time show that there is any suck
society in South Carolina, and that there are
any such perils on the coast of South Carolina
as abound on the coast of Massachusetts, then
he will make a case for a similar appropriation.
But I do hope that my friend will not per-
severe in his motion now, because he may in
that way endanger the whole proposition. I
believe he is too humane, too sympathetic,
and if he knew the character of our Massa-
chusetts society, he would respect it too much
to be willing to throw himself in its path. I
hope the Senator will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The example set by
the worthy citizens of Massachusetts is no doubt
a very commendable one. I want the Govern-
ment to extend its protecting arms also down
to South Carolina, and let South Carolina
unite cm this question arm in arm with Massa-
chusetts. The fact that this society of which
the Senator speaks has been in existence so
long in Massachusetts is no reason why other
societies of a, like nature should not spring up
even in South Carolina. In order that they
may have an existence there we must make a
beginning; and I hope that by adding South
Carolina to this appropriation it will be a
beginning; and inasmuch as the Senate have
treated me so badly in the small appropriation
that I asked for a building for a post office
and court-house at Greenville, I hope tliey
will not throw me off in this matter, but will
allow South Carolina to come in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this too serious
a matter for my friend from South Carolina to
make a joke of. If there is a humane society
o! this character in South Carolina, I will very
cheeifully vote it a subsidy ; but there is none
there.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Wo will form one.
Mr. ANTILONY. It is simply absurd to
vote money to a society that does not exist. I
hope the Senator will withdraw his amendment
and let this appropriation pass. Certainly he
will not stand in the way of saving human life.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am well aware that
the Senate will vote my amendment down and
treat me in the manner they have heretofore
done in the matter of appropriations ; and I
shall antagonize appropriations for South Car-
olina with other amendments as they come in.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, if the Senator
from South Carolina assumes to take upon
himself the responsibility of scores of human
lives lost upon the rugged coast of Massachu-
setts, he may do it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. From the language of
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island it
might bo inferred that we do not need such a
society in South Carolina. He is very much
mistaken. We want to form one, and if we
get a portion of this appropriation we will
form one, and we will try to be as good citi-
zens as they are in Massachusetts, or even in
Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for a division on
the amendment to the amendment. I wish
the Senate to understand that this is a trivial
amendment put upon the proposition with a view
of defeatingtheappropriation. The proposition
is to make an appropriation, such as Congress
has been in the habit of making once in ten or
fifteen years, to the Humane Society of Mas-
sachusetts, which for three quarters of a cen-
tury has been engaged in the laudable purpose
of saving human life on that coast; and the
Senator from South Carolina moves to put
in " South Carolina," where there is no such
society. I ask the Senate to vote this proposi-
tion down, and then to vote in favor of the one
I offered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I say, we will form
such a society. It is for the Senate to determ-
ine whether the claims of humanity are to
be heard only when they come from the New
England States-
Mr. WILLBY. I desire to suggest to my
friend from South Carolina that the form in
which his amendment is worded will make the
whole proposition ludicrous. I understand
there is now no society organized for this
purpose iu South Carolina; and yet he pro-
poses to make the amendment read as if there
was such a society there, actiug conjointly with
the society in Massachusetts, which is organ-
ized for this purpose. His amendment makes
the Senate assert a fact which does not exist.
1 sympathize very heartily with the Senator
from South Carolina, and will aid him in any
proper effort he may make to procure appro-
priations for proper purposes in South Caro-
lina ; but I respectfully suggest to him whether
be will accomplish his purpose so well in secur-
ing proper appropriations for strictly proper
purposes in South Carolina, by pursuing this
course of offering incongruous amendments
to propositions where they do not cohere very
well. I think he will secure the favor of the
Senate a great deal better for real propositions
of merit by withdrawing this amendment and
letting the original amendment stand as it is
without it.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire v/hat
evidence there is of the existence of an actual
living energetic society like thatwhich is named
by the Senator from Rhode Island ?
Mr. SUMNER. I can testify to it, if the
Senator will admit me as a competent witness.
Mr. COLE. What evidence have the Senate
of the fact? Is there any report, any investi-
gation ?
Mr. SUMNER. There have been reports
without number. The society, I assure the
Senator, is one of the most thoroughly respect-
able societies in Massachusetts, as respectable
as Harvard College.
Mr. COLE. The Senator stated awhile ago
that the last appropriation had been made for it
1 think in 1357, thirteen or fourteen years ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will allow me to
suggest that he ought not to object to this prop-
osition, as both these Senators have been saved
by the society. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. If that is so, that would be a
strong recommendation.
Mr. ROBERTSON. In order to make my
amendment more intelligible 1 will modify it
so as to provide that the money shall be dis-
bursed by the Chamber of Commerce of Charles-
ton, unuer the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiora
South Carolina withdraws the amendment to
the amendment, and offers another amend-
ment, providing that the money shall be dis-
bursed by the Chamber of Commerce of Charles-
ton, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The question is on the amendment
to the amendment as modified.
Mr. FOWLER. Is it stated for what pur-
pose this money is to be used?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is stated in
the body of the amendment, the saving of human
life.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for a division on
the amendment to the amendment.
there were—ayes
Is a further
The question being put,
eight.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
count demanded ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not give it bp. I
call for the yeas and nays. I see some Senators
voting for appropriations to build up other
States outside of their own States of the South,
and I want to put them on the reeord.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but six
Senators rising to second the call.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state to the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] that he had a recollection when
the question came up upon the point of order
on his amendment, that the case, as proposed
by him, was before the Senate during the
'Thirty-Ninth Congress, when Mr. Poster was
President of the Senate. He has sent for the
Journal of the Senate, and finds that on the
28th of February, ]8G7, the following amend-
ment was moved to the civil appropriation
bill then pending:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to pay to such persons as were actually
employed as assistaut assessors in the collection of
internal revenue in the rebel States prior to the 1st
day of August, 1860, compensation at the rate pre-
scribed bylaw, and an amount sufficient for that pur-
pose is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
" Mr. Sum.nep. raised the question of order on the
amendment reported by the Committee on Finance,
namely, that being an amendment to provide for a
private claim.it ivasnot in order under the thirtieth
rule of the Senate.
"The President pro tempore decided that the
a-mendmont having: been reported with the bill by
the Committee on finance, it was in order.
"From this decision of the Chair Mr. Sumner
appealed to the Senate; and alter debate,
" On the question,' Shall thedecision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?'
'* It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 37,
nays 10."
So the Senate, by a vote of almost four to
one, then decided that the amendment was in
order. The Chair therefore feels it to be his
duty to bring the matter to the attention of the
Senate ; and if the Senator from South Car-
olina will present the amendment in the lan-
guage in which it was then presented the Chair
will follow the precedent established on that
occasion, aud rule it in order. The amend-
ment as then offered does not disclose the fact
of any conflict with existing laws.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not trouble the Senate
while the bill is in committee; but will offer
the amendment in the Senate again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
South Carolina will see that the amendment,
as offered in the Thirty-Ninth Congress does
not disclose any variance from the law. It
appears to be for service previously rendered,
and was decided, by a vote of 87 to 10, to be in
order in that shape,
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, toenable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay such claims for Indian depredations as maybe
established and allowed by him under the provisions
of the seventeenth section of the act of June30,1834,
to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, $100,000.
Mr. POMEROY. The necessity for this
amendment, I presume, results from the repeal
of lite intercourse law in the Indian apnropri
ation bill.
Mr. ROSS. I send to the desk a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, which I ask to
have read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., 1ST0.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
oi a report, dated the 7th instant, from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Aflairs, in relation to certain Indian
depredation claims that have been examined a.u'.\
