1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate, and the question is oa its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
resolution read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That the thirty-ninth rule be amended
by adding thereto:
But this rule shall not apply to any treaty for the
annexation to the United States of the entire domin-
ion of any foreign Power, but any such treaty shall
be considered and the question of its ratification
decided in open session of the Senate.
The resolution was indefinitely postponed.
change of kules.
The next resolution was one submitted by
Mr. Wilson, on the 25th of March, as to the
expediency of adopting a rule for the remain-
der of the session fixing a time when the ques-
tion on ordering a bill to a third reading shall
be put.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have the resolution
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be report-
ed in full.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That the select Committee on the llules
be instructed to consider the expediency of adopting
a rule for the remainder of the session providing that,
whenever any bill has been considered for two days
the question on ordering it to a third reading may be
ordered by a two-thirds vote of the Senates present
and voting.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will be allowed to
go to the committee.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion directing the committee to inquire into the
expediency of adopting a proposed rule.
The resolution was agreed to.
debate on georgia bill
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, submitted by Mr. Ciiaxdler, on the
4th of April:
Resolved, That upon the resumption of Llie con-
sideration of the Georgia bill there shall be neither
adjournment nor rcccss until the final vote bo
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were thirty.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays. I want to see whether the Senate has
been polled on this subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I was not in my seat
at the moment when this resolution was called
up, I ask that it be read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the words "unless other-
wise ordered." [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. I rise to submit a propo-
sition, to take the place of this resolution, to
test the sense of the Senate as to whether we
cannot agree to take the vote to-morrow at four
o'clock, rather than sit for half the night. I
submit that proposition to see if it can be
agreedto. ["No!" "No!"] Whynot? We
may sit here until to-morrow unless we have
some such agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to the suggestion of the Senator
from Nebraska.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it not possible to have
a resolution which shall fix some hourto-mor-
row for taking the vote on this question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent. There is no rule of
the Senate by which it can be done by a ma-
jority vote or by any other vote except unan-
imous consent. Such an understanding can-
not be enforced by the Chair, according to the
usage of the Senate; it is a voluntary agree-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is this resolution debat-
able?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. It struck me, from the
extraordinary promptness as well as the una-
nimity with which gentlemen of the majority
rose to support this resolution, as though some
considerable effort had been made to bring
about this result, and therefore it may be quite
useless that I, as a member of the minority on
this floor, should say a word against the pas-
sage of the proposed resolution. Before I pro-
ceed to do so I ask the Secretary to read the
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will again be read, and also the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois. The
amendment is the pending question dow before
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before that is done I wish
to ask a question. I desire to know if this
resolution amounts to anything? Would not
a motion to adjourn be in order at any time,
even if this resolution should pass ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
has lain over for one day, as required by the
rules. It reads as follows :
That upon the resumption of tho consideration
of tho Georgia bill there shall be neither adjourn-
ment nor recess until tho final vote bo taken.
If this resolution binds the Presiding Officer,
he cannot, if it be adopted, entertain amotion
for adjournment or recess. The question is
how far it binds the Presiding Officer.
Mr. ANTHONY". Then, if we pass this res-
olution, a motion to adjourn or to take a recess
will not be in order and cannot be entertained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
have so declared.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then it would not be
safe. They would talk us to death, and we
should never get out. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. They will talk us to death
if we do not pass it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRKSIDEjNT. The Chair will
state a doubt which he has as to the efficacy of
this resolution, though he dislikes to suggest
anything like a point of order where a major-
ity of the Senate seem to desire to agree to a
resolution. The fifty-third rule provides:
"No motion to suspend, modify, or amend the
rules, or any thereof, shall be in ordor, except on one
day's notice in writing, specifying the rule to be
suspended, modified, or amended, and tho purpose
thereof."
Now, there is no doubt that the Senate have
the power, on complying with the fifty-third
rule, to suspend every one of the mles if the
person proposing to suspend them specifies, as
this rule requires, the rule to be suspended,
modified, or amended, and the purpose thereof.
That is the text of the rule, and there is no
doubt that if this rule is literally complied
with a majority of the Senate, after a resolu-
tion submitted for that purpose has lain over
one day, can decide that the Presiding Officer
shall not entertain a motion to adjourn or to
take a recess. A motion for a recess is not
among the motions prescribed by the rules of
the Senate, but it may be made during the
morning hour, the Chair supposes, as he stated
yesterday, though it is not one of the motions
spoken of specifically in the rules. A motion
to adjourn, however, is allowable, under tho
rules of tho Senate, and the Senate have a
right to suspend the rules allowing that mo-
tion to be made, the Chair supposes, if it is
done in a legitimate way. The doubt about
this matter is, that this resolution does not
specify, as the text of the fifty-third rule re-
quires, the rule to be suspended, modified, or
amended. It does specify the purpose very
distinctly.
Mr. STEWART. Would it not be construed
like a later law that repeals former laws ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is only
suggesting his doubt If the resolution should
be agreed to the Chair will probably have to
rule upon it hereafter,
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to inquire if I am
not entitled to the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me, I wish to ask another
question in regard to this matter.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we adopt this resolu-
tion, then it becomes a' rule which cannot .be
suspended or repealed except upon one .day's
notice, and so long as we arc in session, if we
are in session a week, it -will be .one dayj and
therefore it never can be modified until it is
executed. I think it is a very bad precedent
for us to establish a rule of that kind. I Want
to see the debate on Georgia closed as much
as anybody.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The suggestion
of the Senator from Rhode Island is an argu-
ment on the merits of the resolution. ■ It does
not affect the parliamentary question. >
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to know if that
would not be the parliamentary law, an
argument for or against the resolution?- I un-
derstand it to be the judgment of the Chair that
if this resolution passes it is irrepealable until
it exhausts itself by the taking of the final vote
upon the Georgia bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cer-
tainly wo'uld not at this time decide as to
whether, when it went into operation, it would
be irrepealable or not. The Chair is not in
the habit of anticipating future decisions on
such questions. The only question now is as
to the effect of it. The Chair states his doubt
in consequence of the language of the fifty-third
rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have nothing further to
say except that it seems to me by the passage
of this resolution we shall be setting a very
dangerous precedent and talcing away very
important and precious rights of minorities.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. CHANDLER
addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Californiayield to the Senator from Mich-
igan, the author of the resolution?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the object
of this resolution was to bring this interminable
debate to a close. That was my purpose in
offering it, and I think if we adopt it the time
will come when we shall get a vote; and with-
out the adoption of the resolution I see no
reason why this debate should not contiuue for
four months, as it has virtually for the last
four months. Sunday is time enough to pre-
pare a debate upon the Georgia question for
the whole of the succeeding week. Give this
body Sunday, and they will commence anew
on Monday morning and will run this debate
through till Saturday night without, any possi-
bility of reaching a vote.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan whether he ven-
tures to make stich a charge as that, that Sen-
ators of the United States use the hours of the
Sabbath day to prepare speeches? [Laughter.]
Mr.CHANDLER. I supposethejreoasider
that a pious work which does not infringe on
the sanctity of the day.
Mr. DRAKE. That is a grave charge,
which I calL on the Senator to substantiate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I leave each Senator to
decidc that questiou for himself. But, Mr.
President, it is well known that the only way
in which we can ever reach a vote on this
Georgia question is by sitting it out.
Now, what is the history of this whole Geor-
gia question? Why, sir, the very first measure
brought up for discussion last December was
the Georgia question. We had a rehash of all
the speeches that had been made on recon-
struction on the Georgia question in December
last. Finally we passed the Georgia bill then
before ns. Then came up Virginia, and we
! bad a rehash of the same thing on V irgiuia.
week after week. Then came Mississippi^and
we liad the same thing right over again, ihon
we came back to Georgia, and we had more
hash. [Laughter.] Sir, the country is utteny
sick and disgusted with this debate ; the news-
paper press is disgusted with it; the people oi
the country are demanding important legisla-
tion, and yet we are consuming day after day,
week after week, and month after month iu a
