1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3613
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 289) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to soldiers' monument at Morristown, Morris
county, New Jersey; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) author-
ising the improvement of the grounds owned
by the United States in the city of Buffalo,
New York, known as Fort Porter.
xnforcemknt of fifteenth amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1293) to enforce the rights of citizens of
the Uuited States to vote in the several States
of this Union who have hitherto been denied
that right on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from Indiana asked
if I had an amendment prepared which met
the view of the case I was presenting in regard
to the compelling of citizens to vote iji a par-
ticular way. The first section of the amend-
ment which I have offered uses this language:
That it shall be nnlawful for any person with
intent to hinder or influence the exercise of theright
of suffrage as aforesaid, to coerce or intimidate or
attempt to coerce or intimidate any of the legally
qualified voters in any State or Territory.
Bat, Mr. President, there is another view
which seems to have been lost sight of entirely
by those who have drawn both the House bill
and the bill now pending before the Senate,
and from which we apprehend very much dan-
ger. It is this: the oppression of citizens
because of having voted in a particular way, or
having voted at all. It may often happen,
as it has happened up to this time already, that
upon the close of an election colored persons
will be discharged from employment bv their
employers. They may be subjected to outrages
of various kinds because they have participated
in an election, and cast their votes in a par-
ticular way. That is not done for the purpose
of punishment so much as for the purpose of
deterring them from voting in any succeeding
election, or from voting in a way that those
who perpetrate these outrages do not desire
them to do. I find that branch of the sub-
ject is entirely left out of view in the bill.
There is another feature of my amendment
which I deem of some importance. It is this:
That if in the act of violating any provision in
either of thetwo preceding sections any other felony,
crime, or misdemeanor shall be committed, the of-
fender may be indicted or prosecuted for the same
in the courts of the United States.
I think the most effective mode of prevent-
ing this intimidation and these attempts at co-
ercion, as well as the outrages which grow out
of these attempts, would be found in making
any offense committed in the effort to violate
them indictable before the courts of the United
States. As was said before, in the discussion
of the Georgia question in the Senate, the
juries in the communities where these out-
rages are committed are often composed of men
who are engaged in them, or of their friends,
or of those who connive at them, or of persons
who are intimidated by them, and in many
instances they dare not bring in a true bill
when there is an attempt to indict, or if a true
bill be found, they dare not go for conviction
on the final trial. It is for that reason that I
believe it will be better, it will be the only
effective remedy, to take such offenders before
the courts of the United States, and there have
them tried by a jury which is not imbued with
the prejudices and interests of those who per-
petrate the crimes.
These are the principal features of the
amendment which I have drawn in the effort
to perfect this bill; and there is another one
to which I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate. It is that in regard to calling out the
military forces of the United States. I find
that in the civil rights bill, as in the bill which
has been introduced by the Senate Judiciary
Committee, the President is authorized, either
by himself or by such person as he may em-
power for that purpose, to use the military
forces of the United States to enforce the act.
There in both instances it stops. It has been
objected to here that the expression, "or such
other person as he may empower for that pur-
pose," should not be in the bill; that it may
be subject to abuse. I think it would have no
good effect to keep that language in. The
President may send his officers and he may
empower whomsoever he pleases to take charge
of his forces without any such provision.
But there is a use for these forces which
seems not to have been adverted to in either
the civil rights bill or in the bill that is now
| pending before the Senate. It is the holding
j of these offenders for examination and trial
| after they are arrested. Their confederates,
| if they are put in the common prisons of the
! State, will in nine cases out of ten release
them. But more important still is it to use
these forces to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses ; for a subterfuge resorted to is to keep
witnesses away from the trial. In many in-
stances witnesses are more or less implicated
in the commission of the offense. In other
cases the witnesses are intimidated and cannot
be obtained upon the trial. So in the amend-
ment which I have prepared I have proposed
that these forces may be used to enforce the
attendance of witnesses both upon the examin-
ation and the trial. My purpose in introduc-
j ing this was to perfect tho Senate bill. I think,
' as £ said yesterday, that that bill is liable to
, less objection than the House bill. I think
i it is more efficacious in its provisions. I think
it is better that the Senate should direct its
attention to perfecting that bill, in order that
it may be made, when perfected, a substitute
for the bill that came from the House.
That much being said upon the purpose of
perfecting the bill and making it efficacious, I
have very little more to say. I did not intend
when I rose to say much upon the general
power, which has been questioned here, to pass
any law at all. I think it is better to do noth-
ing than to do that which will not have the
proper effect. To do that which will not accom-
plish the purpose would be worse than doing
nothing at all. That the United States Gov-
ernment has the right to go into the States and
enforce the fourteenth and the fifteenth amend-
ments is, in my judgment, perfectly clear, by
appropriate legislation that shall bear upon
individuals. I cannot see that it would be pos-
sible for appropriate legislation to be resorted
to except as applicable to individuals who vio-
late or attempt to violate these provisions.
Certainly we cannot legislate here against
States. As I said a few moments ago, it is
upon individuals that we must press our legis-
lation. It matters not whether those individ-
uals be officers or whether they are acting upon
their own responsibility; whether they are act-
ing singly or in organizations. If there is to
be appropriate legislation at all, it must be that
which applies to individuals.
I believe that the United States has the
right, and that it is an incumbent duty upon it,
to go into the States to enforce the rights of
the citizens against all who attempt to infringe
upon those rights when they are recognized
and secured by the Constitution of the coun-
try. If we do not possess that right the daBger
to the liberty of the citizen is great indeed in
many parts of this Union. I think this ques-
tion will come time and again as years pass by,
perhaps before another year, in different forms
before the Senate. It is well that we should
deal with it now and deal with it squarely, and
I hope that the Senate will not hesitate in
doing so.
Mr. President, the liberty of a citizen of the
United States, the prerogatives, the rights, and
the immunities of American citizenship, should
not be and cannot be safely left to the mere
caprice of States either in the passage of laws
or in the withholding of that protection which
any emergency may require. If a State by
omission neglects to give to every citizen within
its_ borders a free, fair, and full exercise and
enjoyment of his rights it is the duty of the
United States Government to go into the State,
and by its strong arm to see that he does have
the full and free enjoyment of those rights.
Upon that ground the Republican party must
stand in carrying into effect the reconstruction
policy, or the whole fabric of reconstruction,
with all the principles connected with it,
amounts to nothing at all; and in the end it
will topple and fall unless it can be enforced
by the appropriate legislation, the power to
enact which has been provided in each one of
the great charters of liberty which that party
has put forth in it3 amendments to the Con-
stitution. Unless the right to enforce it by
appropriate legislation is enforced stringently
and to the point, it is clear to my mind that
there will be no efficacy whatever in what has
been done up to this time to carry out and to
establish that policy.
I did not rise, sir, for the purpose of arguing
the question very much in detail. I did not rise for
the purpose of making any appeals to the Sen-
ate ; but more for the purpose of asserting here
and arguing for a moment the general doctrine
of the right of the United States to intervene
against individuals in the States who attempt
to contravene the amendment to the Constitu-
tion which we are now endeavoring to enforce,
and for the purpose of calling attention to the
defects in the bill and offering a remedy for
them.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall
occupy the Senate but a short time with what
I have to say. I have read with as much care
as I was able the House bill we now have before
us and the substitute offered for it by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and upon the best consider-
ation I have been able to bring the subject I
feel satisfied that on the whole we had better
not adopt the substitute, but that it would be
more advisable to take up the House bill,
amend it in a few particulars, and pass it. I
know of nothing in the House bill to which I can
raise any constitutional objection, while at the
same time I think there are clauses in the sub-
stitute to which serious objections may reason-
ably be made.
We are endeavoring to pass some act to carry
out and effectuate the fifteenth amendment of
the Constitution. I am anxious that some
legislation should be had upon that subject, so
that the right of the colored people to vote
throughout the United States may as perfectly
as possible be guarantied and protected. It i3
a most important subject. I think I am not
wrong when I say that the right of the colored
citizens of the United States in the recently
insurrectionary States to vote is the greatest
guarantee thus far presented for the preserva-
tion of order in those States, not to say the
preservation of the authority of the Govern-
ment itself in those States.
In my mind, that right, the right of the black
man to vote in those States, is the safeguard,
and is hereafter for half a century, perhaps a
century, to be the safeguard by which the
authority of the Union is to be maintained and
upheld in those States; for my opinion is that
to-day, if the ringleaders of the late rebellion
were restored to power, if they could have
everything in their own way as they had it in
times past, one of the first objects which they
would attempt to accomplish would be the
dissolution of the Union and the establishment
of their own independence as a separate na-
tionality on this continent. Sir, the snake has
been simply scotched, not killed, in my hum-
ble judgment; and in the future, if that class
of men who were foremost, most active, and
most influential in bringing on the rebellion
and prosecuting it to its bloody close, are per-
mitted to have control of the affairs of that
section of the country, we are destined at no
very distant day to see a repetition, or at least
a serious attempt at a repetition of the war
through which we have just passed.
