U2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Costg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Astoria, via Military Road, to Forest
Grove.
pennsylvania.
From Horton's to
From Osceola to Smiths Mills.
Prom Scotch Hill to Cookesburg.
■ From Hanlin Station to Bethany, in West
Virginia.
.From Troy Centre to Tyronvilie.
From Flieksville to Penargil.
From Seidersville to Steinsburg.
Prom Dixon to Pierceville.
From Warren Centre to Le Raysville.
From Milroy to Siglerville.
From Sandy Lake to North Sandy.
From Millerstown to McKee's Half Falls.
From Ansonville to Lumber City.
From New Milford to Lumber City.
From Edge Hill Station to Prospectville.
From Newport, via Acker's Store and
Montgomery's Store, to Liverpool.
From Tobyhanna to South Sterling.
From Zion Hill to Coopersburg.
From Curwinsville to Ansonville.
From Ausonville, via Bloomington, to Cur-
winsville.
From North East to Wattsburg.
From Ilerrick to Rummerfield.
From Wyalusing to Herrick.
From Kussell Hill to Keiserville.
From Coopersburg to Centre Valley.
From Phcenixville, via Pickering and West
Pikiland, to Chester Springs.
From Seidersville, viaLitneport and Locust
Valley, to Coopersburg.
From Petroleum Centre to Cherry Tree.
From Cochranville to Londonderry.
From Lanark to Allentown.
From Truukeyville to Fagundns Forest.
south carolina.
From Jefferson to Brewer Mine.
From Bennettsville to Richmond, in North
Carolina.
From Monroe, North Carolina, to Brewer
Mine, South Carolina.
tennessee.
From Shaw's Cross Roads to the mouth Elk,
in North Carolina.
From Mount Horeb to Massey Creek.
From Sylco to Spring Plum, in Georgia.
From Surgoinsville to Spears.
From Hickman, via Wilsonville, Obron City,
Robinson's Store, and Kelly's Store, to Dyers-
burg.
texas.
From Navasota to Montgomery.
From Linden to Randolph, in Arkansas.
From Jasper to Newton.
From Jasper, via Homer, to Rusk.
vermont.
From Tinmouth to Wallingford.
From Shoreharn to Larrabee's Point.
From Morctown to North Fayston.
From plaiufield to East Plainfield.
From Rutland to Stockbridge.
virginia.
From Dublin to Muck's Creek.
From Acqnia Creek to Richland Mills.
From Naff's to Callaway's.
From Baynesville to Farmer's Fork.
From Christiansville to Whittel's Mills,
From Shady Grove to Burnt Chimney.
From Bachelor's Hall to Shady Grove.
From Liberty to Otter Hill.
From Hansonville to Bickley's Mills.
west virginia.
From Pleasant Dale, via Newport, to Smith's
Gap.
From Stump's Store to Braxton Court-
House.
From Slanesville to South Branch Depot.
From Brownstown, on south side of Kana-
wha river, via Coalsburg, Clifton, the mouth
of Loup creek, Johnson's Mills, Laurel Creek,
and Cassidy's Mills, to Fayette Court-House.
From Red Creek to Mouth of Seneca.
From Wardensville to Columbia Furnace,
in Virginia.
From Buffalo, via Wilson Priddy's, John
Hambrie's, and Benjamin Day's, to Point
Pleasant.
From Rich Creek, via Iseland Creek, Gilbert
Creek, and Beach Creek, to the mouth of Pond
creek.
From Upland, via Butler's Mills, Bicker's
Store, and Howell's Mills, to Cabell Court-
House.
From Ritchie Court-Honse to Bone Creek.
From Townsend's Mills to Braxton.
From Clendenen, via Green Shoals, Porter's
Creek, and Big Sycamore, to Clay Court-House.
From Charleston to Bell Creek Church.
From Peuusborough to Cox's Mills.
From Ilarrisville to Bono Creek.
From Townsend's Mill, via Butcher's Run,
German Settlement, and the head of Little
Otter creek, to Braxton Court-House.
washington.
From Vancouver toStrong'sBattle Ground.
wisconsin.
From Cottage Grove, via Nora, to Deerfield.
From Minneska, in Minnesota, to Augusta.
From Ripon to Oshlcosh.
From Fort Atkinson to Cold Spring.
From Belmont to Fennimore.
From Prairie Du Chien to De Sota.
From Mineral Point to Blanchardville.
From Sparta to Orlano.
From Green Bay to Eau Claire.
From Eau Claire to Waukesha.
From Saint Paul, in Minnesota, to Saint
Croix.
From Utica to Stonghton.
From Door Creek to Lake Mills.
From Groutsburg to Trade Lake.
From Nicodah to Sherwood Forest.
From Saint Croix Falls to Clam River Falls.
From Hurabird to Staffordsville.
From Stillwater to Lincoln.
From Mcnomonee to Erin.
From Glendale to Hillsboro.
From Buffalo City to Augusta.
From Nasawaupee to Sturgeon Bay.
From Viola to Viroqua.
From Diamond Bluff to Ellsworth.
From Green Bay, via New London, Stevens
Point, Neillsville, and Augusta, to Eau Claire.
From Eau Claire, via Rock Falls, Luna,
Durand, and Nelson, to Wabasha, in the State
of Minnesota.
From Cottage Grove, via Nora, to Deerfield.
From Fort Atkinson to Cold Spring.
From Eaton to Kiel, Manitowac county.
From Fort Howard to Flintville, Brown
county.
wyoming.
From Fort Halleek to White River.
From Laramie City to Cinnebar City.
From Laramie City to Gilman City, in Col-
orado.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCXCII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and for
other purposes.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the following suras
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, viz:
supervising inspectors of steam vessels.
For carrying out the provisions of the acts
i of the thirtieth August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, for the bette'protection of the lives
of passengers on vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, the following sums, viz :
For salaries of fifty-nine local inspectors of
steam vessels, and clerk in local offices at New
YorkandNew Orleans, fifty six thousand three
hundred dollars.
For ten supervising inspectors of steam ves
sels, nine at two thousand dollars each and
one at two thousand five hundred dollars,
twenty thousand five hundred dollars.
For special agent of the Department, two
thousand one hundred and ninety dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz :
Traveling expenses of ten supervising in-
spectors, at not to exceed eight hundred dol-
lars in any one year each, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For traveling expenses of fifty-nine local
inspectors, fifteen thousand dollars.
For traveling expenses of the special agent
of the Department., one thousand four hundred
dollars.
For expenses of the meeting of the board
of supervising inspectors, including travel and
necessary incidental expenses and printing of
manual and report, four thousand dollars.
For stationery, furniture for offices, and
repairs of same, transportation of instruments,
fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items, ten thou-
sand dollars.
life saving stations.
For salaries of two superintendents of the
life-saving stations on the coast of Long Island
and New Jersey, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each, three thousand dollars.
-For fifty-four keepers of stations, at two
hundred dollars each, ten thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
The sum of fifteen thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated for continuing the system of pro-
tecting human life from shipwreck as hereto-
fore established hy life boats and other means
on the coast of Massaehuse'W, to be expended
by the Humane Society of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, under tho direction and
control of the Secretary of the Treasury.
For pay of six t xperieuced snrfmen to man
each of the boats at alternate life-saving sta-
tions on tho New Jersey coast, commencing
at the first station from Sandy Hook, from
December fifteenth to March fifteenth, to be
appointed by the keepers thereof, at fort;/ dol-
lars per month, ten thousand and eighty dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of life-saving sta-
tions on the coast of the United States, ten
thousand dollars.
kevenfn cutter service.
For pay of officers and pilots, four hundred
and eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For rations for officers and pilots, twenty-
eight thousand four hundred and seventy-nine
dollars.
For pay of petty officers and orew, three
hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred
and fifty dollars.
For rations for petty officers and crew, one
hundred and thirty-three thousand five hun-
dred and sixty-one dollars.
For fuel, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For repairs and outfit, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For supplies of ship chandlery, seven ty thou-
sand dollars.
For traveling expenses, ten thousand dol-
lars.
loans and treasury notes.
For paper, engraving, printing, express
charges, and other expenses of making and
issuing the national currency, seventy-live
thousand dollars.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
