4558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17, \
the morement for the abolition of the frank-
ing system, and I appeal to you to provide a
substitute. I ask that you provide a frank for
all.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts has from the beginning of
this discussion been so profuse in his denunci-
ation of the incompleteness of the bill sent to
us by the House of Representatives, and so
profuse in his laudations of his own scheme,
that the Senate might have been led to sup-
pose that there was something very novel in it.
Now, sir, there are only two novelties in the
scheme of the Senator; one is the reduction
of letter postage from three cents to one cent,
and of newspaper postage about one half, and
the other is changing the denomination of tbis
'•franking privilege" to "franking system."
Those are the only two features, 1 submit to
tlie Senate, that he presents in this scheme of
his; and 1 ask him how he proposes to reduce
the postage? I say it is uncalled for by the
people to reduce postage from three cents
to one cent per half ounce, thus involving a
reduction of your postal revenues about twelve
million dollars per annum, to add that much
yearly to our great debt, to be put on the peo-
ple as so much continuous taxation. Is he
prepared to take that amount out of the Post
Office treasury and supply it, from the general
Treasury of the country? Do not the people
already contribute enough in the four or five
millions they pay every year to make up the
deficiency in the postal revenues? A reduc-
tion from three cents to one cent involves the
supply of the postal treasury from the general
Treasury of the country.
The whole postal revenues are but $18,000,-
000. Two thirds of that would be $12,000,000.
We now pay a deficiency from the Treasury to
the Post Office Department of $4,500,000, so
that sixteen or seventeen millions of money
would have to be supplied to the Post Office
Department from the general Treasuiy. Iiow
does the Senator propose to compensate the
country for this great loss?
He told us in his speech some days ago that
the reduction of Rowland Hill was followed by
an increase of one hundred per cent, in corre-
spondence, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. One hundred and twenty-
five per cent, the first year.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the Senator forgot to
tell you that at that time the postage of England
was most onerous and oppressive.
Mr. SUMNER. I mentioned that.
Mr. RAMSEY. The average postagein Eng-
land was ninepence halfpenny—nearly twenty
cents. A reduction from twenty cents to two
cents in a country where the wages of labor are
about twenty-five cents a day of course very
largely stimulated correspondence ; but in this
country, where wages are three, four, and live
times what they a,re in Great Britain, does any
man expect that a reduction from three cents,
which is not complained of, to one cent, would
stimulate correspondence in that proportion?
By no means.
That is about all I have to say in answer to
the Senator's proposition. It is impossible.
The country is not in a position to bear it, and
the country does not ask it.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, because I have not the document
before me here, what are the gross receipts of
the Post Office Department?
Mr. RAMSEY. Eighteen million dollars
the last fiscal year.
Mr. THURMAN. If we abolish the frank-
ing privilege t.he Postmaster General informs
us°tliat that will save $o,000,000. Will not that
enable us to cut down the postage to two cents?
Mr. RAMSEY. He proposes to do that in
time; but this reduction would not tell upon
the correspondence of the country imme-
diately, nor upon the expenses of the Depart-
ment.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] has already
given the Senate the views reported by the
Postmaster General. As they have not been
mentioned by any Senator since the honorable
Senator thought it fit that the attention of the
Senate should be directed to the recommend-
ations of tho Postmaster General, I will take
the liberty of reading the recommendation of
the Postmaster General on that subject. After
speaking of two causes operating to prevent
the Department from being self-sustaining, he
says:
" But the remaining cause of complaint has become
intolerable, and must be removed if tho Department
is to be saved from utter demoralization. The frank-
ing privilege has grown to be an abuse so monstrous
that it now threatens the very life of the service."
Is there anything in language that is so direct,
that so meets the question, as the words ex-
pressed by the Postmaster General? Is there
any Senator who can misconstrue the opinion
that this highest officer of that Department
expresses to the highest branch of the service
of the Government, when he asks for reform?
And in the message of the President of the
United States this significant clause may be
referred to in the same connection :
"And most especially do I call your attention to
his [the Postmaster General's] recommendation for
tlic total abolition of the franking privilege. This
is an abuse from which no one receives a commensur-
ate advantage; it reduces the receipts for postal ser-
vice from twenty-live to thirty per cent, and largely
increases the service to bo performed. Tho method
by which postage snould be paid upon public matter
is set forth fully in the report of tlie Postmaster (Jen-
era!. "
The Postmaster General and the President
of the United States are what? Meddlers in
matters in which they have no concern! These
gentlemen, assigned under the Constitution and
the laws to see that the laws shall be faithfully
executed, to observe that the Departments of
which they have charge shall be carried on
systematically, properly, and efficiently, have
not the advantage of the experience of mem-
bers of this Senate; they have no experience
commensurate with the importance of the sub-
ject equal to the Senate, and Senators here!
The Senator from Massachusetts has admit-
ted that he is not familiar with the details of
the management of that Department; and still
for two or three days he occupies the attention
of the Senate, and urges upon them methods
entirely foreign and antagonistic to the very
purposes of the Department, and of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to whom its head is
immediately responsible.
If I have observed correctly as to tho re-
ceipts of this Department, I have come to the
conclusion that from an apparent receipt of
$17,000,000 may be deducted $4,000,000 that
is appropriated by law, not annually, but fixed
by lav/ heretofore as a permanent appropri-
ation ; so that really to-day your reveuue from
this Department may be $13,000,000 and your
expenses $25,000,000, showing a deficit of
§12,000,000 to come from the Treasury.
It was my purpose to move, and I think it
would be as consistent as the action of those
who have advocated cheap postage, that from
this day forward the tariff shall be abolished,
the internal revenue shall go out of existence,
and the expenditures of the Government shall
be drawn out of the Treasury. My friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] suggests that it would
be a good motion. I think it would be equally
as consistent as to draw $13,000,000 from the
Treasury of the United States, or more than
that sum, as contemplated by the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
which would reduce the income of the postal
service to one half what it is at present; so
that instead of your having $12,000,000 drawn
from your Treasury, as I have been suppos-
ing, there would be undoubtedly a deficit of
from $16,000,000 to $18,000,000.
This country covers an area of territory of
three million two hundred thousand square
miles. Those three million two hundred thou-
sand square miles are to_ a very great extent
covered by this postal service; and we are asked
to compare that with one hundred and twenty-
one thousand square miles of British territory
with a population ten times as great to the
square mile as that of the United States. If
there is anything more preposterous than that
I should like to be informed of it, for I have not
in my experience here or elsewhere observed
anything in my judgment more thoroughly and
utterly preposterous.
Sir, the two-cent postage assessed in the
postal service of Great Britain is equal, even on
one hundred and twenty-one thousand square
miles, to six cents for every letterfor to-day
one cent will purchase in Great Britainevery-
thing that three cents will purchase in this
country. The income of the postal service of
Great Britain is $23,000,000. Out of that
$4,000,000 is paid in subsidies, and after paying
the expense of that service there is an income
of more than six million dollars out of that
territory from a people the mass of whom, the
common people, the ordinary laboringpeople,
have much less to do with the postal service
than they have in this country.
Who pays this tax? It is the business of
the country; and every cent of tax paid is
charged, by those who pay it in the first place,
to the business in which they are engaged.
The common people, the great mass of the
people of this country, do not contribute to
this tax, and if they did it is a proper, a more
equal, a better distributed tax than any known
in taxation; and as such, in my judgment,
statesmen and those looking to the economical
management of the receipts and expenditures
of a Government will look to a general and
equitable distribution in order that the bur-
dens of taxation shall fall more equally, more
dividedly among the people.
I did not rise so much to suggest these views.
I did rise, however, to make this point to the
Senate: that it seems to me all suggestions
coming from the Executive Departments of
this Government are looked upon with distrust.
It seems to me that any suggestion coming from
either of the Departments of this Government
is the last thing that is considered. It has been
my privilege, through the courtesy of this body,
to be connected with several of your important
committees, and as far as my researches have
led me up to this time not one in ten of the
suggestions of the Departments has been con-
sidered favorably by the Senate or the other
House. Sir, can it be possible that the mem-
bers of the Senate, either individually or as a
whole, can understand as thoroughly and as
fully the wants of the different Departments
of this Government as those who have been
especially assigned to the consideration of
those subjects? I can only say that in the
management of the practical business of life
all interference of outside partiesafter a bureau
or a Department has been constructed would
not only be fatal to its operation and its admin-
istration, but no decent man would permit
such interference. If I had any influence with
the President of the United States or any of
his Departments, I would view the interference
of any Senator or member of Congress in the
administration of either of my Departments as
a direct attack upon me, and I should resist
it: I would say to the gentlemen who would
presentthemselvesinany antagonistic attitude,
or who sought to make use of the Departments,
"The Constitution and laws of this country
have assigned to me the administration of
these Departments, and you must keep your
hands ofif."
Sir, to use the Post Office Department or
any other of the Departments of this Govern-
ment merely as a channel through which polit-
ical documents or political policy shall be
transmitted, is in violation, in my judgment,
of tlie first principles of the fundamental law,
of the first principles of those who adopted
