3614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
I was struck by a conversation which I had
not long since with a gentleman connected
with the Union Array daring the war, who vis-
ited Richmond during its most flagrant period,
and had there a conversation with Jefferson
Davis. In that conversation he represented
Mr. Davis as declaiing, in the most emphatic
and earnest terms, that the ideathatthe south-
ern people were fighting for the perpetuation
or even the preservation of slavery was an
entire mistake ; that they were contending for
no such thing; that they were pouring out
their blood and treasure in large volumes, un-
scrupulously and wastefully, but not for the
purpose of perpetuating slavery in the South.
" What we want," said Davis, •' is notso much
slavery, about which we care but little, aa
national independence; and natioual independ-
ence we will have, or we will have annihila-
tion." Such was the spirit which animated the
rebellion, for it was the spirit which animated
its chief; and there was no truer representa-
tive of the spirit of the rebellion on the face
of the globe than Jefferson Davis.
Sir, the promoters of that rebellion have
been badly beaten. They lost their cause in
the contest they courted ; they lost also what
at the beginning they ostensibly pretended they
were contending for, and that was slavery.
They lost all, sir; they lost property; they lost
life; they lost prestige with foreign nations; and
they lost what was perhaps dearer to them than
aught else, the hope of conquering the North.
They lost t hat high, boasting spirit which drove
them madly into the rebellion. But there is
one thing they did not lose, and which neither
they nor their posterity, in my opinion, for
three generations to come will lose ; and that
is their bitter, truculent, unquenchable, inerad-
icable hatred of the North, of northern society
and northern rule. That feeling is still cher-
ished at the South, and it prevails to such an
extent, as we all know, that none or very few
northern men who visit the South are received
into what is known as " good society" there.
However respectable may be the emigrant from
the North ; however high his character; how-
ever worthy of the associations of honorable
men and honorable women in society anywhere,
there is still a most painful and studied pro-
scription, an ostracism of northern people; a
state of things which is most disagreeable to
our section of country, and indicative, in my
opinion, of what southern men would do if
they had an opportunity.
1 am no prophet, nor the son of a prophet;
but 1 venture the surmise that whenever the
United States shall be at war with any of the
great Powers of the world, a war in which it
will become necessary for us to exert all our
national strength, talent, and resources to
maintain ourselves and maintain the national
honor, you will see at the South a disposition
to join the enemy for the purpose of putting
down and crushing forever this Government,
for which they entertain so bitter a detestation.
I listened a few days ago, not without pain, to
remarks made by Senators on this floor, and
especially by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Ferry,] indicating that he en-
tertains, and that there is entertained upon
this floor in the minds of other Senators, a dis-
position to grant what is called " universal
amnesty" to these men. I was sorry to hear it.
I regretted still more to hear that announce-
ment supported by another announcement,
that in thejudgment of the Senator a vast major-
ity of the liepublican party of the United States
favored the concession which he claimed, of a
universal, indiscriminate amnesty to the late
rebels.
I shall not detain the Senate long upon that
point. I merely wish here, and now, while I
occnpy the floor, to enter once for all my dis-
sent from both propositions. I protest against
universal amnesty as being at war with the
fundamental principles upon which all our
reconstruction legislation rests, as being incon-
sistent with the interests and the safety of the
nation itself; and I may add, utterly incon-
sistent with that manly dignity which should
belong to those who have charge of this great
Government of the United States.
It happened to me to have some connection
with this business of reconstruction at its in-
ception. We all remember, and painfully
remember, the policy and the conduct of Pres-
ident Johnson and his Cabinet, or a portion
of his Cabinet, in their attempt to reconstruct
the rebel States, not by act of Congress, but
by presidential proclamation and presidential
decrees.
Such was the state of confusion, of wrong in
all its forms, of injustice, and utter anarchy in
the southern States that Congress in the winter
of 1865, at the first moment they could give it
their official attention, took it in hand, and
appointed a committee, as you remember, sir,
of fifteen, a joint committee of the two Houses,
to inquire into the condition of the recent in-
surrectionary States, and to report such meas-
ures to their respective Houses on the subject
as they should see fit, after a careful examin-
ation of the actual condition of the people of
the insurrectionary States and their domestic
affairs. Never was a committee charged with
a higher or more responsible duty than was
that joint committee. Never, in my opinion,
was a committee appointed on the part of either
House of Congress who brought to the work
such a disposition to be thorough, careful,
prudent. And after the examination of hun-
dreds of witnesses from all parts of the South,
and spending six months' time in this laborious
investigation, they came to the conclusions
which are stated in their report of June, 1866,
a report, I undertake to say, which was re-
ceived with approbation and even admiration
throughout, the northern States, and was ac-
cepted by every truly loyal heart in the country.
Excuse me, sir, for calling the attention of
Senators here on this 19th day of May, 1870,
to the language used by that committee in the
report which they then presented to the two
Houses. It was no trivial theme upon which
they had been laboring. It was no ordinary
object which they had in view. The object of
their appointment was to make some suggestion
founded upon facts indubitably true by which
loyal governments could be established at the
South, peace restored to the country, and the
relations long broken up by the war between
the various parts of the Union be restored.
We had passed through the bloody struggle of
the civil war. Every one of us had had some
relative or friend who had fallen upon the field
of battle. Every one of us also had a personal
interest in securing at the most speedy period
the return of universal peace and prosperity to
the country. We had before us the abortive
attempt of Johnson and his Cabinet to recon-
struct the rebel States, and knew perfectly
what was the state of things produced there by
that policy.
We knew very well, so far as intelligent wit-
nesses could inform us, what was the real con-
dition of the southern people ; what were their
feelings; wbat were their aims; what were their
deprivations, and what were their necessities ;
and in the report which we presented to the two
Houses, a report, as I have already remarked,
which was accepted throughout the loyal part of
the United States and by the Republican party
universally and without dissent—for I never
heard it criticised in Congress or out of Con-
gress, verbally or in writing, by any person of
any party; in this report, I say, which was but the
expression of the loyal feeling of the country,
which was everywhere disseminated, read, un-
derstood, and approved by Republicans; which
presented for the approval of Congress and the
ratification of the States the fourteenth and by
far the most important amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States; in this report the
committee say:
" The question before Congress is, then, whether
conquered enemies havo the right, and shall bo
permitted at their own pleasuro and on their own
terms, to participate in making laws for tlieir con-
querors; whether conquered rebels may change their
theater of operations from the battle-fiold, whero
they were defeated and overthrown, to the Halls
of Congress, and, through their representatives,
seizo upon the Government which they fought to
destroy"—
Will the Senator from Connecticut listen to
the language of this report?—
"seize upon the Government whioh they fought to
destroy; whether the national Treasury, the Army of
the nation, its Navy, its forts and arsenals, its whole
oivil administration, its credit, its pensioners, the
widows and orphans of those who perished in the
war, the public honor, peace, and safety, shall all
be turned over to the keeping of its recent enemies
without delay, and without iuiposingsuch conditions
as, in tho opinion of Congress, tho security of tho
country and its institutions may demand."
That great question was the question before
the committee. The report proceeds :
"The history of mankind exhibits no example of
such inatfness and folly. The instinct of self-jrea-
ervation protests against it. Tho surrender by Grant
to Lee, and by Sherman to Johnston, would have
been disasters of less magnitude; for new armies
could have been raised, new battles fought, and tho
Government saved. Tho anti-coercive policy, which,
under pretoxt of avoiding bloodshed, allowed tlio
rebell'on to take form and gather force, would be
sarpasned in infamy by tho matchless wickedness
that would now surrender the llalls of Congress to
those so recently in rebellion until proper precau-
tions shall have been taken to secure the national
faith and tho national safety."
Such was the language of that committee,
after the most mature consideration of the
whole subject and an investigation of all the
facts that were brought before it.
Mr. YATES. State the names of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to state them.
Again the report proceeds:
"Tho conclusion of your committee, therefore, is
that the so-called confederate States arenot at pres-
ent entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States; that before allowing such represent-
ation adequate security for future peace and safety
should bo required; that this can only be found in
such changes of the organio law as Bhall determine
the civil rights and privileges of all citizens in all
parts of the Republic, shall place representation on
an equitable basis, shall fix a stigma upon treason"—
Sir, I stand to that forever. The measures
to be adopted under the recommendation of
the committee should fix upon treason a stigma
and not an ornament—
" and protect the loyal people against future claims
for the expenses incurred in support of rebellion, and
for manumittedslaves, together with an express grant
of power in Congress to enforce those provisions."
There, sir,, was in substance a platform of
policy and of legislation presented to the two
Houses ; and that platform, from that day to
this, I undertake to say—the assertion of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut to the
contrary notwithstanding—is the prevailing
and next to unanimous sentiment of the Re-
publican party of the United States, North and
South.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator state the
names of the committee?
Mr. HOWARD. I will state them. This
report is signed by all the Republican members
of that joint committee, and the Senate will
indulge me in reading the names. I think it
somewhat important at this day of new things
and new ideas, new schemes, 1 will not say new
whimsies, that these names should be repub-
lished to the world, taking care always to place
no particular stress upon one of the names in
the list. The names are W. P. Fessenden,
James W. Grimes, Ira Harris, J. M. Howard,
George H. Williams, Thaddeus Stevens, Elihu
B. Washburne, Justin S. Morrill, John A. Bing-
ham, Roscoe Conkling, George S. Boutwell,
and Henry T. Blow.
Now, sir, I have not, since the presentation
of that report, discovered anything in the con-
dition of our public affairs to induce me in
any respect to change the opinions I expressed
in that report.
Mr. NYE. What is the date of it?
Mr. HOWARD. There is no date to it. It
was presented in June, 1866—about the 1st of
