1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5503
with the law; and there is no suggestion in
this amendment which 1 offer that the men
whom I wish to provide for did not act exactly
in accordance with the law.
I submit that the two propositions are sub-
stantively different. The one implies in its
very language that you are providing for peo-
ple who were acting as officers of the law in
violation of the law; the other makes no im-
plication, makes no provision for any person
declared or implied to be in this attitude
at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, we ought
to decide this question irrespective of what we
may think as to whether these gentlemen ought
to have this money or not; because we ought
to decide it upon a ground that will enable us
to stand by the decision either for or against
other cases.
The thirtieth rule was intended to protect the
general appropriation bills frotn any amend-
ments which should involve the question of
whether A B or C D was entitled to be paid
any sum at all out of the Treasury for his pri-
vate benefit. These general appropriation bills
are to carry on the general and puolic purposes
of the Government, for which provision has
been made by law requiring such an expendi-
ture ; and thatexpenditure, beingthns provided
for by law, must be made, under the Constitu-
tion, by an appropriation out of the Treasury.
So the rule says that " no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim." It does not inhibit merely the
offering of an amendment which on the face
of it appears to be that, but anything the pur-
pose, or, in the exact language of the rule,
''the object of which is to provide for" apri
vate person who has aclaim against the Treas-
ury. It says so, and this language is employed
evidently, industriously, as the lawyers and
logicians would say, to exclude any form, any
pretext of saddling an appropriation bill with
all the private claims that are in the country,
many of them just—this may be or it may
not—many of them unjust. That is the law,
and we ought to stand by it.
Now, what is this case? My friend from
South Carolina states, as everybody must that
expects an amendment to be adopted, what
the actual nature of this thing is, what the
reality of it is; that here were sundry citizens
of South Carolina and other States whom the
law declared, although the revenue must be
collected by law, should not have any part in
the executive branch of the Government; the
Chief Executive chose to employ them, never-
theless, and they performed service thought to
be meritorious; and thereby arose, as my friend
has argued so well to-night, a claim, a demand,
a just right, as he thinks, to ask the Govern-
ment of the United States to pay them a proper
sum that they have earned.
Now, what does this amendment do? Al-
though it does not say so in terms, it provides
for, in the very language of this prohibition,
that just claim which my friend thinks they have
on the Treasury. Does it do to say that we
may walk around this rule as a man would walk
around a post, by a mere subterfuge? I do not
use the word in any offensive sense, but that
expresses the idea exactly. Here is a thing,
the substance of which we all understand to be
simply, and really, and truly, a claim of A B
against the Treasury, right or wrong. Take it
to be right, for the purpose of the argument—
because the merits are not now involved—pre-
sented truly, and stating what it is on the paper
on which it is written; it says so and it is rejected.
Presented untruly and evasively, although con-
fessedly for the same thing, and explained upon
the same grounds, it is admissible.^ Why, sir,
such a construction would bring us into ridicule
and contempt among thinking men, as it ought
to do. We do not stand on the mere letter of
a rule and say that you cannot look at the real-
ity of the thing. The color of the skin of these
men is not the test and the criterion by^ which
their right is to be measured under this rule.
It is the real substance of the claim as it is pre-
sented to the Senate by explanation, or debate,
or document, or whatever it may be. That is
the fact about it, and I speak ofitnotas applied
to this particular claim, but as a thing that as
a rule we ought to stand by, whether it works
in our particularfavor at this moment or against
us to-morrow. That is all I have to say.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the reading of
that portion of the Journal in which this decis-
ion was made before. In the first place I call
for the reading of the section which was offered
on that occasion, and then the decision of the
Chair and the appeal, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
referred to is not now in the Chamber, but will
be sent for.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rarely participate in
the discussion of questions arising about the
rules ; but I must say that I have some misgiv-
ings as to the correctness of thejSrst decision
made by the Chair this evening, and as to the
correctness of the position taken by the distin-
guished Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
monds.] The law provides for the collection of
the revenue, and it provides for the appoint-
ment of collectors and assessors ; and persons
who are appointed as collectors and assessors
act in accordance with the law and are entitled
to compensation as provided by law. There was
a law which required that assessors and collect-
ors should possess a certain qualification, that
they should qualify themselves by taking a
certain oath ; but these persons omitted to take
that oath. What was the consequence? They
were perhaps not assessors and collectors de
jure, but they were de facto, and their acts
were as valid and binding upon third persons
in all respects as though they had taken the
oath prescribed by law. The simple question
that arises here is whether an officer appointed
to fill an office created by law, who performs
the duties of that office without the requisite
qualifications, is entitled to that compensation
which the law gives him.
It very often happens that officers fail to
take the oath, or fail to give a bond or fail to
qualify themselves as provided by law ; but it
has never been held that such an officer is not
entitled to his compensation if he performs ths
duties. A writ of quo warranto might displace
him and deprive him of the office; but so long
as ho remains in that office and discharges its
duties, just so long he is an officer, and equita-
bly at any rate, if not legally, he is entitled to
compensation. I presume the distinguished
Senator from Vermont will not claim that upon
an appropriation bill it is not competent to pro-
vide for the pay of an officer. That is not within
the meaning of the term "private claim."
That implies a claim which some person pre-
sents without any law authorising the creation
of that claim. For instance, if a man has been
injured by the Indians, or something of that
kind, and he has a claim against the Govern-
ment, he brings it forward; .and if it is pro-
posed to attach it to an appropriation bill it is
objectionable on the ground that it is a private
claim. But if the minister to England should
perform services as minister to England, and
should not receive compensation, it would be
entirely proper upon an appropriation bill to
provide for his compensation as minister to
England, or to provide for the compensation
of any other person who is an officer under the
Government, and filling an office which the law
has created, and which provides for his com-
pensation. So that I am inclined to the opin-
ion that the decision of the Senate which was
made three years ago was correct, and that the
rule does not exclude this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
nowread from the Journal of thelhirty-Ninth
Congress, second session, at the request of the
Senator from South Carolina, the proceedings
under which, conforming to the parliamentary
law of the Senate, the Chair rules this amend-
ment to be in order. In the Senate Journal,
second session Thirty-Ninth Congress, page
378, under date of 28th of February, 1-8G7, is
this record:
 ."The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. B.. No. 1173)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of theGovernnientforthe yearendins; June 30,1868,
and for other purposes—
Being precisely the same appropriation bill
now pending—
"and Mr. Wilson having withdrawn the amend-
ment proposed bv him yesterday to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance, to insert as
an additional section the following, as modified on
the motion of Mr. She u.man
It appears from this that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with the bill this very sec-
tion, and the Senator from South Carolina to-
night, a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, reports, as he states, this amend-
ment by the authority of that committee 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is this amendmentfrom
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is authorized
by the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. When we voted on this
before the provision was reported with the billl
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the whole record and draw attention to
that point. This was the amendment:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to
such persons as were actually employed as assistant
assessors in the collection of internal revenue in the
rebel States prior to the 1st day of August, 1866, com-
pensation at the rate prescribed by law, and an
amount sufficient for that purpose is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated." ******
"Mr. Sumnkji raisod the question of order on the
amendment reported by the Committee on Finance,
namely, that bein? an amendment to provide for a
private claim, it was not in order under the thirtieth
rule of the Senate."
That is identical with the point of order
made to night.
" The President pro tempore decided that the
amendment having been reported with the bill by
the Committee on Finance, it was in order."
The Senator from Kansas draws attention to
the fact that that amendment was reported with
the bill. TheChairisnotawarethatthe thirtieth
rule gives the Committee on Appropriations
any more authority to report an amendment
with a bill than to a member complying with
the thirtieth rule the right to propose an amend-
ment in the Senate. If it does, he is not so
advised by the language of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS.- That was the ground on
which it was decided then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrora
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] raised a distinct
question of order, " that being an amendment
to provide for a private claim it was not in
order." The record proceeds:
" The President pro tempore decided that the
amendment, having been reported with the bill by
the Committee on Finance, it was in order."
The Chair thinks that whether it was re-
ported by the committee with the bill or was
proposed in the Senate under the thirtieth rule
would not alter in the slightest degree the
question whether it complied with the thirtieth
rule.
"From this decision of the Chair Mr. Sumner
appealed to the Senate; and
"Afcer debate,
" On the question, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of tho Senate ?
"It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 37,
nays 10.
"On motion by Mr. Sumner, the yeas and nays
being desired by one fifth of the Senators present,
" Those who voted in the affirmative are—
"Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew. Cattell,
Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harris. He'ndricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Mc-
Dougail, Morgan, Morrill, Ncsmith, Norton, Pat-
terson, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Williams.
" Those who voted in the negative are— ^
"Messrs. Creswell, Fowler, Howard, Howe, 3Sye,
Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, "Wade, and Yates.
"So the decision of the Chair was sustained."
It is for the Senate to decide whether they
are bound by their decisions; but as the Chair
is bound by them as points of parliamentary
