1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2671
tion should be settled, and we may as well
settle it now as at any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist on his motion
that the resolution be passed over?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I do not, if Sen-
ators are ready to vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on discharging the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads from the further con-
sideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on Commerce ; and if that should fail, the bill
will be placed on the Calendar.
The question being put, a division was
called for.
Mr. HAMLIN. I simply desire to say that
this bill has received no considerable consid-
eration from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. It is all commerce from the
first to the last of the bill; it is all commerce
all around it; and there is nothing else but
commerce connected with it. It is a bill that
should go to the Committee on Commerce, in
my judgment.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
whether the bill does not provide for mail ser-
vice and for the devotion of postages as com-
pensation for that service ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; and if it went
to the moon it could have that same provision
in it. There is no postage there. It is not
a question of postage. I repeat again it is nine
hundred and ninety-nine thousand parts of
commerce and one fraction of postage.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator does not
repeat when he says that; he advances a new
proposition. His statement was that it was
all commerce.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Substantially.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not intend to in-
vite the Senator to a discussion about the
moon, and I do not intend to allow him to
jnvile me to discuss that useful planet. To
come down to more commonplace things, this
bill provides ocean mail service and a devo-
tion of postage to compensation for that ser-
vice. Allied to that proposition is the plan
of Government subsidy for setting afloat under
the American flag American ships on the
oeean. Therefore it is upon all fours, as the
lawyers say, with other bills pending in the
two Houses, which bills in this body have gone
mostly to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, some of them having already
been reported favorably by that committee,
and the same committee retaining jurisdic-
tion of the residue of those bills which have
gone to it. ... ,,
Now, Mr. President, one question is whether
the Committee on Commerce or the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads is the appro-
priate committee for this subject. That ques-
tion, however, is not here. The practical ques-
tion here is whether the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads shall take up this entire
subject, pick and choose among the bills, and
when a bill comes which the members of the
committee do not feel interested in, just send,
it, not to their waste-baskets, but to a more
capacious waste-basket known now, for the
purposes of this motion, as the Committee on
Commerce, and then retain the residue of the
bills and act upon them when the committee
Se\Vere this a mere matter of the personal con-
venience, particularly of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, I could not find it in my heart to
obiect to anything he wants done; but it is a
little more than that. It is a great subject.
The Senate and the country are interested in
a careful and thorough consideration o. this
subject. It is due to the country from this
body; and I insist that some committee, (and
I say that I think the Committee on Commerce,
in view of all the rest it has to do, js not the
appropriate committee,) should takethis whole
subject and judge it intelligently from begin-
ning to end. If some Senator, who was willing
to serve as chairman of such a committee, would
move a special committee for the purpose, (I
should be entirely unwilling to make the mo-
tion myself, because I should be very unwill-
ing to serve in any place on such a committee;
but if some Senator who has the requisite
knowledge and is not so much burdened with
other things that he cannot attend to it, will
move such a committee,) and let that commit-
tee, to the exclusion both of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and of the
Committee on Commerce, take charge of the
entire subject, I feel sure that the subject and
the country would gain by it, and I cannot
think it would be unsatisfactory to any stand-
ing committee of the body.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that this matter he
passed over for the purpose of making a mo-
tion. I move that the Senate take a recess
to-day from half past four until half past seven
this evening, for the purpose of going on with
the Georgia bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let us go right on with it
to-day.
Mr. WILSON. You cannot do it to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts moves that this resolution be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED RECESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts now moves that the Senate at
half past four o'clock take a recess until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate will allow me
to say a single word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to make
a remark. The Chair hears no objection. The
Chair will suggest that the morning hour is
about expiring.
Mr. WILSON. "Very well; let us have a
vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us sit it right
through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that at half past four o'clock to-day
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o' clock. Those who are in favor of the motion
will say "ay," [putting the question.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I was in hopes that we
should have an evening session for other busi-
ness than the Georgia bill. There is a great
deal of business that could be transacted in a
very short time that now encumbers our Cal-
endar; and if we could havea recess until seven
o'clock, with the understanding that we were
then to go 011 with business not objected to, it
would dispatch business very much indeed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
a recess is not debatable except by unanimous
consent, being governed by the same rules as
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I object to the
consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. It is all out of order,
because the unfinished business has come up.
It is one o'clock. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New York will state his question of order.
Mr. CONKLING. My point of order is that
the morning hour having expired the
ished business of yesterday, by the rules of the
Senate, is now in order, and objection being
made this resolution is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. We were in the midst of
^ °The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, and on this ground: the
Senator from Massachusetts before the_ morn-
ing hour expired moved for a recess, which was
in order. Senators interrupted him, asking
unanimous consent, and the Chair asked
whether unanimous consent was granted. The
motion was made before one o'clock, and would
have been put promptly at that time if it had
not been interfered with by remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it is a debatable
question, I take it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair for one moment, if I may be allowed.
.Unanimous consent was given to the Senator
from Rhode Island to make a suggestion,
pending which suggestion the morning hour
expired. Now, I ask the Chair by what oper-
ation of the rules I or any other Senator loses
the right when the morning hour has in truth
expired to demand the regular order. If the
Senator from Ohio were right, if the yeas and
nays had been ordered and the roll-call was
proceeding, or if a division had been ordered
and the Senate was in the act of dividing, an-
other question would arise. No such thing
was true. The Chair was in the act of putting
the question in the ordinary way, without a
division, and having put one half of the ques-
tion the Senator from Rhode Island rose, and
pending his remarks the morning hour expired.
The morning hour having expired, I rose to
demand the regular order; and now I humbly
submit to the Chair that I am entitled to do
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on
the statement of the Senator from New York,
which is exactly correct, submits the question
to the Senate for them to decide. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in time, before one
o'clock, moved that the Senate take a recess
to-day; and the Chair put the first part of the
question, but was interrupted by the Senator
from Rhode Island, who was not recognized by
the Chair until after he had spoken a few sen-
tences ; and then the Chair stopped to put the
question, and asked whether unanimous con-
sent should be granted. The Chair will sub-
mit the question to the Senate, as a matter of
order, whether the Chair should be interrupted
and the vote stopped in consequence of the
expiration of the morning hour. The Senate
will decide its own rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This question being sub-
mitted to the Senate, I suppose it is now a
debatable question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a ques-
tion of order which has priority, and is debat-
able.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed a motion for
a recess was a debatable question. _We have
always debated it in the Senate, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question is
not now before the Senate ; the question is on
the point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the ques-
tion before the Senate is upon a point of order,
and the Chair has submitted to the Senate
whether it is in order to aonsider that motion
now after the morning hour has expired.
The VICE PRESID ENT. The Senator from
Illinois is not exactly correct. Thp Senator
from New York stated the point exactly, that
before one o'clock the Chair submitted the
question to the Senate, the motion having been
made, and asked those in favor of it to indi-
cate that by saying "ay," which they did,
when the Senator from Rhode Island rose and
made some remarks. The^ Chair wishes the
Senate to decide whether it was his duty to
continue and have that question propounded
to the Senate till both sides were demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask, pending
this question now submitted "to the Senate,
which is a question of order for the Senate to
decide, if I li&vc & nglit to cs.ll for the regulur
order of business?   .
The VICE PRESIDED T. 1 he question of
order must first be decided exactly as, if a Sen-
ator called the Senator from Illinois to order
