1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AH
by judicial approval, was passed on the 2Gth of
February, 1845, and is entitled " An aet extend-
ing the jurisdiction of the district courts to cer-
tain cases upon the lakes and navigable waters
connecting the same." It provides—
" That the district courts of the United Statesshall
have, possess, and exercise the same jurisdiction in
matters of contract and tort arising in, upon, or con-
cerning steamboats and other vessels of twenty tons
burden and upward, enrolled and licensed for the
coasting trade and at the time employed in business
ofcommerce and navigation between ports andplaces
in different States and Territories upon the lakes and
navigable waters connecting said lakes, as is now
possessed and exercised by the said courts in cases
of the like steamboats and other vessels employed in
navigation and commerce upon the high seasortidc-
waters within the admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion of the United States; and in all suits brought in
such courts in all such matters of contract or tort the
remedies and the forms of process, and the modes of
proceeding, shall be the same as arc or may be used
by such courts in cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction ; aDd the maritime law of the United
States, so far as the same is or may be applicable
thereto, shall constitute the rule ot decision in such
suits, in the same manner and to the same extent and
with the same equities as it now does in on,ses of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; saving, how-
ever, to the parties the right of trial by jury of all
facts put in issue in such suits whoro either party
shall require it, and saving also to tho parties the
right of a concurrent remedy at the common law
where itis competent to give it, and any concurrent
remedy which may be given by the State laws where
such steamer or other vessel is employed in such
business of commerce and navigation."
You will observe, Mr. President, that this
law was passed at a time when the doctrine
was universally held that the jurisdiction in
admiralty cases in the Federal courts was
restricted to tide-water. It would have been
quite unnecessary to have enacted it had the
courts held the views promulgated in the case
of the Genesee Chief, in 1851. It was en-
acted because in the opinion of Congress the
admiralty jurisdiction of the district courts
did not extend beyond tide-water; because
commerce and navigation upon the lakes and
their connecting waters were attended with the
same incidents of contracts and torts, and were
subject to the same wants and necessities as
commerce and navigation upon the high seas
and tide-water rivers.
And now, sir, I call the Senate's attention
to the concluding part of that act. The mari-
time jurisdiction which is thus extended over
the lakes is a modified jurisdiction—modified
in that it allows the parties the right of trial
by jury of all facts put in issue, which is a
market! departure from the rules governing
admiralty courts in maritime cases arising on
the sea, and specially modified in securing any
concurrent remedy which maybe given by the
State laws where the steamer or other vessel
is employed in the business of commerce and
navigation.
That saving clause, sir, is the life of my bill.
It constitutes its very essence. This law of
1845 trenches upon the judiciary act of 1789,
which bestows exclusive jurisdiction, according
to the decision of the court in 1866, upon the
district courts. It trenches upon it in divid-
ing that jurisdiction with the State courts ; in
allowing a concurrent remedy furnished by
State laws. Had this act of 1845 gone hut a
step further and included in its provisions, as
it well might, navigable rivers, the State courts
would not have been ousted of their jurisdic-
tion and banished as forums in admiralty eases
occurring upon their own inland waters.
But, sir, I repeat, this act of Congress having
been declared constitutional no objection can
be urged here that the Constitution confers this
admiralty jurisdiction upon the Federal courts
exclusively. It is not so. Its language does not
warrant such a conclusion. All the decisions
made striking down State legislation have pro-
ceeded upon the language of the judiciary act,
and that alone. The moment that rivers above
the influence of the tide were declared to be
within admiralty jurisdiction, the language of
the judiciary act was peremptory that the juris-
diction of the district courts was exclusive. In
the Magnolia case, 20 Howard, 296, it was held
that the jurisdiction in admiralty in the tederal
courts did not depend upon the act of February
26,1845, but that it was founded on the judiciary
act of September 24, 1789. That exelusiveness
of jurisdiction in the district courts was de-
stroyed in 1845 as to the lakes. The purpose
of my bill is to destroy it likewise as to the
navigable rivers above tide-water.
I submit, Mr. President, that I have estab-
lished—
First. That it is not inconsistent with the
Constitution to allow the State courts to exer-
cise admiralty jurisdiction upon the navigable
rivers concurrently with the district courts.
Second. That this concurrent jurisdiction is
expressly given by the act of 1845, upon the
lakes and their connecting waters.
Third. That the State laws conferring this
jurisdiction have been pronounced void, not
by reason of their being in conflict with the
Constitution, but simply because they conflict
with the act of Congress of September 24,
1789, known as the judiciary act-
All constitutional objections being out of
the way, it only remains necessary for me to
show that public policy demands that the States
shall be reinvested with the power of which
tlicy have been shorn; that power which
they exercised so long and beneficially.
Is it well, Mr. President, for Congress to
claim and hold what, the Supreme Court has
determined is their right to do ? Is it wise to
offend State pride and wound State sensibili-
ties by adhering to a decision which annuls
the laws of so many States, which strips their
courts of what they all deemed and some of
them still deem their rightful jurisdiction ?
Hear the sad comments made by the supreme
court of my own State soon after this fatal
decision was rendered:
"According to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, in Tho Iline vs. Trever, 4 Wal-
lace, 555, the statute by virtue of which the boat was
seized is void, and the whole course of State legislation
and judicial decision since tho adoption of tho fed-
eral Constitution is swept away, and tho entiie sub-
ject is to bedeemed exclusively within thoadmiralty
jurisdiction of tho Federal courts. It is much to be
regretted [adds the court] that such a decision should
have been made, and that a practicc so long and
unformly, acquiosced in everywhere could not have
been regarded as settling the law. Unless Congress
shall intervene it is certain that innumerable mis-
chiefs will result without any apparent compensating
benefits. But upon the particular question the de-
cision is binding authority upon us, and we mustfol-
low it, not because it commends itself to our judg-
ment, but because due subordination requires it."
Mr. President, this is the language of a court
distinguished for its moderation, wisdom, and
learning. The whole wide field of mischief
and disaster wrought by this unfortunate de-
cision lay full before it when it uttered these
words of deep import: '1 unless Congress shall
intervene it is certain that innumerable mis-
chiefs will result," &c.
The history of the world, sir, shows that
most of the great commercial and manufactur-
ing cities have been founded at the mouths and
upon the banks of navigable rivers. There is
no commerce so cheap as upon water—un-
taxed water. The valleys through which they
course contain the densest population. Their
alluvial soil is nourished by the sediment from
overflows and the washings of the adjoining
high lands. Production is stimulated by con-
venient access to market. The earth is more
thoroughly fertilized and worked, both because
population is more dense and the returns of
labor more profitable.
No country, sir, is so blessed with the means
of internal commerce and communication as
ours. Look at our magnificent river system
and our chain of lakes. The Mississippi ranks
next after the Amazon as the greatest river of
the globe—greater than the historic Nile which
drains the plateau of central Africa ; greater
than the Yangtse-Kiang. the wonderful river
of China, which courses three thousand miles
from the mountains of Thibet, and whose mer-
cantile marine transports the merchandise of
two hundred and fifty million people ; greater
than the Indus and the Ganges, famed rivers
of India whose valleys for more than three
thousand years have teemed with human life.
In this great valley of the Mississippi,, where
waters mingle that have their sources in mount-
ains two thousand miles apart;, with its many
fertile valleys and rich table lands; wiJli its
forests-and mines and quarries, this nation is to
find its greatest development. Here wiH.be
its densest population; here the seat of its
great and diversified industries. The great ave-
nue to theseain the years to come will be cov-
ered, as the rivers of Asia are.covered, with
innumerable water-craft, bearing from city to
ciiy, from district to district, and from-ail to
the sea, the products of industry.
The Mississippi with, its-affluents drains a
surface of more than a million square miles.
With its tributaries it affords a water-carriage
of thirteen thousand miles—a lino of river navi-
gation greater than our coast line, Alaska ex-
cluded. Fourteen States border these channels
of commerce. Down and up these rivers the
first population that poured over the Allegha-
nies distributed itself. It is less.than a cen-
tury since the hardy pioneers entered these
valleys and laid tho foundations of their, present
imperial greatness. Sow more than twenty
million people have found their homes here,
whose internal trade is double our foreign
commerce. One thousand steamboats find
employment in this trade. Oreatcities dot the
banks of the rivers. Nino of them, in one year
since the close of the war, had a trade amount-
ing to seven hundred and forty-seven millions;
as great as our entire foreign commerce at this
time. An ordinance older than the Constitu-
tion set the seal of perpetual freedom upon the
navigation of these rivers—freedom from all
taxes, imposts and duties—and declared they
should be common highways, and forever free
to the citizens of the United States. When
the nation was convulsed by civil war, and the
rebels arrested our passage to the Gulf over the
free Mississippi, vast armies and fleets were
dispatched to restore the interrupted naviga-
tion. There was nothing that more shocked
the national heart than that this great artery,
the common property and pride of the whole
country, should be closed to commerce, or that
commerce upon it should be made to pay trib-
ute. And when Vicksburg fell, when her bat-
teries commanding the river were silenced and
the freedom of the Mississippi was restored,
there was no single event of the war that gave
such satisfaction to the country.
Mr. President, if I have dwelt in terms that
seem glowing upon this great basin lying be-
tween our eastern and western mountains, upon
its great commercial facilities, its present and
prospective commerce, it is because it is a
legitimate part of the argument; for over all
this internal commerce as it is now and will be
in the years to come the Federal courts with
grasping power now claim and exercise exclu-
sive jurisdiction. Does a boat-hand seek to
enforce his honest claim for wages against the
boat upon which they have been earned, he
must travel to the seat of Federal jurisdiction,
a hundred miles away, in order to libel her and
obtain an order for her seizure. What if in
the mean time the treacherous vessel has passed
beyond the jurisdiction of the court? His
remedy is gone. So with the wood-chopper, the
coal dealer, the merchant and mechanic—with
all who have furnished materials, labor, or sup-
plies constituting a proper lien on the boat. So
with all who complain of maritime torts or viola-
tions of maritime contracts. Allwhosoekredress
against the boat, from whatever cause arising,
have no alternative as the law is pronounced
to be except to make their complaints to tin;
Federal court. Even this might not be though;
to be oppressive if these courts were near a:
baud ; but that is not the case. Indiana con
stitutes a single judicial district, and the dis
t-rict court holds its sessions at the capital ol
the State; nowhere else. Now, the average
distance of Indianapolis from the commercial
towns and cities upon the Ohio and the lower
Wabash is about one hundred and thirty miles.
