1870.
TBM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah E. Stubbs,
reported a bill (S. No. 626) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Stubbs; which was read, aud passed
to a second reading.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Abel S. Chase,
reported a bill (S. No. 627) granting a pension
to Abel S. Chase; which was read,anu passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Clark Hall, reported
a bill (S. No. 628) granting a pension to Clark
Hall; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Fiedler,
reported a bill (S. No. 629) grautiDg a pension
to Joseph Fiedler; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He alio, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 205) granting an
increase of pensiouto Emily B. Bid well, widow
of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell; Sal-
lie Griffin, widow of General Griffin; and to
Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General
Pleasant A. Hackleman, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Mrs. S. R.
Dowell, A. Liebschulz, John Haley, Nancy
Mamblehead, Lucy Mnmblehead, Benjamin F.
Barnham, Mary Miller, George A. Schreiner,
Nancy C. Barton, Nimrod Hinds, Candace
Griswold, Jane M. Rudolph, and Louisa Kear-
ney, praying for pensions, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Ohio,
praying for such an amendment to the pension
laws as to allow pensions to the legal repre-
sentatives of soldiers who d ied at home during
their veteran furlough, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers, praying an increase and arrears
of pension, reported adversely thereon, and
asked to be discharged from its farther consid-
eration: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of sundry persons of
New Jersey, praying for pay for New Jersey
volunteers in the nine months' service, asked
to be discharged from its farther consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thepetitions of Eliza Wood, Mary
R. Loring, Ira Emory, and William H. Blair,
praying to be allowed pensions, reported ad-
versely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from their farther consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 630) to consolidate the
northern and southern judicial districts in the
State of Florida; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a treaty
between the United States and the Cherokee
Indians, reported a bill (8. No. 631) to provide
for carrying into effect provisions of a treaty
concluded between the United States and the
Cherokee nation of Indians July 19, 1866;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing for the
payment of the fourth Arkansas mounted in-
fantry volunteers, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
• Commerce, to whom was referred th  joint
resolution (S. R. No. 133) concerning the pay
of customs officers in North Carolina, reported
it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 632) to amend an act entitled "An act to
carry into effect provisions of the treaties be-
tween the United States, China, Japan, Siam,
Persia, and other countries, giving certain
judicial powers to ministers ana consuls, and
other functionaries of the United States in
those countries, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 22, 1866; which wns read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 633) for the relief of Ambrose Morrison;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that I intro-
duce the bill without recourse ; I do not pro-
fess to be in favor of it. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 634) to admit the State of Texas to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States;
; which was read twice by its title, referred to
] the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
| to be printed.
| Mr. OSBORN asked, and by ananimous con-
j sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
635) granting lands to the State of Florida to
aid in perfecting an inland navigation from St.
John's river to Key West; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 145) for the relief of the
first battalion, heavy artillery, of Massachusetts
volunteers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee an Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 146) giving officers of the
'Army detailed at literary institutions the same
pay and allowances as those on active duty;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. Last Friday I introduced a
bill granting lands to Wisconsin in aid of the
Sturgeon Bay canal, and had it, by mistake
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I
move that that committee be discharged from
its further consideration and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill (S. No. 599) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act providing for the taking of the
seventh and subsequent censuses of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives, and to pro-
vide for their future apportionment among the
several States," approved May 23,1850; and I
move that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
MASSACRE Of A 8URVEYING PARTY.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair*,
in addition to the dutiej imposed upon it by resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 24th ultimo, relating to the
killing of the Piegan Indians, be instructed to in-
quire into and report to the Senate the facts con-
nected with tho massacre of Buck's surveying party
in Nebraska during the last summer.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate thepresent condition
of the custom-houso at New Orleans; the amount
already expended upon it; what Federal or other
otneers are kept t herein ; tho amount of room occu-
pied and unoccupied ; the probable amount requisite
to complete tue same according to the original plan,
and also what amountis necessary to be immediately
appropriated to put tho roof and the rooms now
occupied in suitable condition.
william l'ollahd.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to take up for
consideration Senate joint resolution No. 97.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. It. No. 97) to
restore William Pollard to his original rank
in the engineer corps of the United States
Navy.
ihe.Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution, with an amendment to
strike out all after the resolving clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
, That thoPresidont of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to nominate, and by and with
the advico and consentof tho Senate to reappoint,
William Pollard, late an assistant engineer in the
Navy, to the place from which he was dismissed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What committee reported
that?
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs. The matter has been l'ully investigated
by that committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, aud was
read the third time, and passed.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed
to amend the title of the joint resolution so as
to read, "A joint resolution to authorize the
restoration of William Pollard to his original
rank in the Engineer corps of the United States
Navy."
Mr. DRAKE. That is not the title. He is
not to be restored to his original rank, as that
would imply dating him back to the time of his
dismissal. It should be "to restore him to the
naval service." That is sufficient to express it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
amended so as to read, "Ajoint resolution
authorizing the reappointment Qf William Pol-
lard to the naval service,'' if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. WARNER. I would ask the Senator
from Missouri for information, as he is on the
committee, whether if this rtian was unjustly
dismissed he is not entitled to restoration to
his old rank?
Mr. DRAKE. It was not considered by the
Naval Committee at all that this man should
come back to bis former position and date in
the Navy. That was expressly negatived. The
whole idea is that the President is to b6 author-
ized to nominate him again for appointment
into the service, thereby Obviating the operation
of an existing law which says flifct a man who
has been dismissed from the service by the
sentence of a general fcourt-martial shall not be
reinstated in the service. This is simply to
allow this man to be nominated again for reap-
pointment, and I do not wish anything to ap-
pear there, nor does the committee, that would
give indication of a purpose to let him go back
to his former date and rank.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the title as amended.
The Secretary. 4' A joint resolution author-
izing the reappointment of William Pollard in
the Engineer corps of the United States Navy."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This follows the
language of the joint resolution.
The title was so amended.
funding bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour havingexpired, the unfinished business of
Friday, being the bill (S. No. 249) for the set-
tlement of claims for quartermaster and .com-
missary stores furnished to or taken by the
United States within the States iu rebellion
during the late war is before the Senate.
