714
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
For completing the work on the marine hos-
pital in Chicago, Illinois, thirty-one thousand
five hundred and thirty-nine dollars and thirty-
six cents ; and the Secretary of the Treasury
is hei-eby authorized to enter into contracts
for the completion of said building in advance
of the appropriation of moneys sufficient to
complete the same in accordance with the
conditions in said act contained.
For finishing the interior of the court-house
buildingat Madison,Wisconsin, and for paving,
grading, curbing, sew [er]age, and fencing, forty
thousand dollars.
For completing the court-house building at
Portland, Maine, including paving, curbing,
and grading, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For completing the interior of the court-
house building at Des Moines, Iowa, and for
curbing, paving, grading, and sewerage, six-
teen thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the court-
house, post-office, and custom-house building
at Omaha, Nebraska, fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That the total cost of the building
shall not exceed one hundred thousand dol-
lars, and estimates and plans for the same shall
be approved by the Postmaster General and
Secretary of the Treasury.
For continuing the construction of the build-
ing for post office and court-house in New York
city, five hundred thousand dollars, subject to
all the conditions limiting this appropriation
in the act of April twenty, eighteen hundred
and seventy ; and the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to enter into con-
tracts for the completion of said building in
advance of the appropriation of moneys suffi-
cient to complete the same in accordance with
the conditions in said act contained ; and the
proviso in relation to tho appropriations for
continuing the construction of said building
contained in the act of April twenty, eighteen
hundred and seventy, is hereby so modified as
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the con-
tract therein provided for, any contracts in
reference to said building approved by him
before said April twenty: Provided, That the
limitation ot cost therein contained is not
thereby affected : And provided further, That
hereafter, before any new buildings for the use
of the United States are commenced, plans
and full estimates therefor shall be prepared
and approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Postmaster General, and the Secretary
of the Interior, and the cost of the build-
ing shall not exceed the amount of said esti-
mate.
For repairs and alterations of the court-house
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For continuing the work on tho post office
and sub-Treasury building in Boston, Massa-
chusetts, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, subject to all the conditions limiting this
appropriation in the act of April twenty,
eighteen hundred and seventy; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
enter into contracts for the completion of said
building in advance of the appropriation of
moneys sufficient to complete the same in
accordance with the conditions in said act con-
tained; and the proviso in relation to the appro-
priation for continuing the construction con-
tained in the act of April twenty, eighteen
hundred and seventy, is hereby so modified as
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the con-
tracts therein provided for, any contracts in
reference to said building approved by him
before said April twentyProvided, That the
limitation of cost therein contained is not
thereby affected.
For barge office at New York, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For inclosing and putting in safe condition
the building for branch mint in Dalles City,
Oregon, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on thebranch mint
building in San Francisco, California, five hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That the total
cost of the building, exclusive of the sum paid
for the site thereof, shall not exceed one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars : And pro-
vided further, That it shall be lawful, until
after the completion and occupation of said
branch mint building, to exchange, at any mint
or branch mint of the United States, unrefined
or imparted bullion whenever, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, it can be done
with advantage to the Government: Provided,
That the weight, fineness, and value of the bul-
lion received and given in exchange shall be
determined by the mint assay: And provided
further, That the authority hereby given shall
not be construed so as to interfere with the
rights and privileges now or heretofore enjoyed
by depositors of bullion at said mints.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, one hundred thousand dollars.
For furniture for custom-house in Portland,
Maine, fifteen thousand dollars.
For furniture for court-house in Portland,
Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture for court-house in Madison,
Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture for custom-house in Cairo, Illi-
nois, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture for
public buildings under the control of the Treas-
ury Department, fifty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for public buildings under
the control of the Treasury Department, sixty-
five thousand dollars.
For healing apparatus for public buildings
under the control of the Treasury Department,
twenty thousand dollars.
For vaults, safes, and locks for the public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of the lazaretto
property, near Philadelphia, eight thousand
dollars.
For the erection of apublic building in the city
of Saint Louis, Missouri, for the use of the cus-
tom-house and other civil officers of the Govern-
mentofthe United States, three hundred thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the authorities of
the city of Saint Louis shall donate to the United
States, by a proper instrument of conveyance,
to be accepted by the Secretary of the TreasJ
ury, a lot of ground in said city, of suitable
dimensions and centrally located: And pro-
vided further, That the State of Missouri shall
cede to the United States jurisdiction over the
lot donated, and release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in anyway to
assess said site, or the property of the United
States that may be thereon, during' the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owner thereof: Provided, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to cause
plans and estimates for the completion of the
building to be prepared and submitted to Con-
gress at its next session.
Light-Houses, Beacons, and Stations.
For Whale's Back light-house, off Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, for rebuilding the
light-house and pier, seventy thousand dollars.
For three beacon-lights to complete the sys-
tem for the harbor of Salem, Massachusetts,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fog-signal at Beavertail light-station,
Rhode Island, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the construction of three permanent
lights in Providence river, Rhode Island, above
Sabin's Point, twenty thousand dollars.
For shed and open wharf on northern bound-
ary of Staten Island light-house depot, twenty-
five thousand dollars, and for a wharf covered
with sheet piling in point of basin at same
place, ten thousand dollars—in all, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding beacon-light at Bridgeport,
Connecticut, forty-five thousand dollars.
For continuing construction of light-house
on Race rock, Long Island sound, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For a lighted beacon on Long Beach bar at
the entrance to Peconic bay, eastern end of
Long Island, seventeen thousand dollars.
For protecting site of Execution Rocks light-
station, New York, eight thousand dollars.
For repairing the stone piers belonging to
the United States in the harbor of New Castle,
Delaware, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the improvement of Bulkhead rock in
Providence river, Rhode Island, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For protecting site of Princess Bay light-
station from encroachments of the sea, twelve
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Esopus Meadow light-station,
Hudson river, New York, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For building a light-house at Colchester
Point, or in its vicinity, Lake Champlaiu,
twenty thousand dollars.
For protection of Absecom light-house site
from encroachments of the sea, ten thousand
dollars.
For a new lantern at Maurice river, Dela-
ware, light-station, two thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Fort Mifflin light-station,
twenty-three thousand five hundred dollars.
For building wharves, sheds, and otherwise
fitting the Christiana light-station as a buoy
depot, and winter harbor for light-vessels, at
the mouth of tho Christiana river, near Wil-
mington, Delaware, ten thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-station on White
Shoals, Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house on Point o!'
Shoals, Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For commencing construction of light-house
on Penfield reef, near Bridgeport, Connecti-
cut, Long Island sound, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For building alight-house on Love Point,
in Chesapeake bay, fifteen thousand dollars.
For building a light-house at Paul Gamiel's
Hill or at or near Bodies Island, about midway
between Cape Henry and Cape Hatteras, sixty
thousand dollars.
For beginning the construction of a first-
class light-house on Alligator reef, Florida,
being part of the system for lighting the Flor-
ida reefs, one hundred thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the keeper's dwelling at Cape
San Bias light-station, Florida, ten thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Bolivar
Point, near Galveston, Texas, forty thousand
dollars.
For building sheds, wharves, and so forth,
at the buoy depot at the head of the passes of
the Mississippi, twelve thousand dollars.
For range-light on Decros Point, at the
entrance of Matagorda bay, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For an iron light-house at Southwest Pass
of the Mississippi river, forty-one thousand
dollars, in addition to former appropriations.
For building a light-house on Barber's Point,
Lake Champlain, New York, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For building a light-house on Bluff Pcint.
Valcour Island, Lake Champlain, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For two lights on the breakwater now bein f
built at Buffalo, New York, thirty thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding keeper's dwelling at Wan-
goschance light-station, Lake Michigan, twelve
thousand dollars.
