5504:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
law when settled on appeal, and especially after
debate, the Chair thinks there is no question
that under parliamentary law as decided by this
body this amendment is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose the question
is now open to the Senate for debate. As the
Chair has read the list of yeas and nays, and
stated what the question was, and read my
name, I think it right to make an observation
upon that point.
If the Chair would do us the honor to look
at the debates in the Globe he would see that,
as the Journal states, that question was decided
solely on the ground that that amendment had
becomeapart of the billin committee and had
come from the committee. Now, I do not
defend that ground, 1 do not argue it as to
whether it was right or wrong ; but that was
the pointupon which the then Presiding Officer,
Mr. Foster, decided it, as the Journal in terms
states, and that decision being thus put to the
Senate was sustained.
That was all we decided. We didnotdccido
that A B or C D, whether a member of a
committee or not, the bill being out of com-
mittee and reported to this body, could attach
an amendment of that character ; but wo only
decided, right or wrong—and that is not the
question now—that the committee to whom an
appropriation bill was referred havingingrafted
an amendment upon the bill in committee and
reported it with the bill, as the Journal says,
the amendment was in order. As I say, I do
not discuss the question whether that was a
right or a wrong decision ; I only say that it is
no precedent at all for a different proposition
presented by a member of the committee, or
anybody else, after the bill has left the juris-
diction of the committee, and it belongs to this
body and not to that. That is the difference.
Now, one word more while 1 am up, because
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate
on this question, and it is of very little conse-
qnence as to this particular amendment. I
suppose, as we are in the habit of doing, every
Senator will vote on the question of order just
as he happens to think about the propriety of
paying these men. That has been our general
course of procedure; but I hope it will not be
regarded in this case as a precedent.
One word in reply to my friend from Oregon,
who argues that this amendment is really a
provision to carry out an existing lav-/, because
the law requires the revenue to be collected.
Then, every claim upon the Government of
any private citizen who eliosa to take the exe-
cution of the law into his own hands in spite
of the statutes would bo to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law. An existing law
authorizes war to be made against Indians, if
you please; A B sets up to make war against
the Indians and incurs expense ; and then he
comes iu and wants to be paid for it. My
friend from Oregon says that carries out the
provisions of the existing law. The law pro-
vided for fighting the Indians, and this man
fought them ; therefore, this is to carry out the
provisions of existing law ! That will not do.
The law says, as my friend states, that the
revenue shall be collected ; but the law selects
the agents who are to collect it, and it says
that A B may go and collect the revenue and
that C D shall not, unless he is appointed to
office in a constitutional, lawful way. It'a man
chooses to collect the revenue on his own ac-
count, and in spite of the law, it will not do to
say you are carrying out the provisions of an
existing law because the law says there shall
be revenue; and everybody may dip in on his
own account and collect it and may'then say
that he has a claim upon the Government, and
that claim must be paid because he has carried
out the law and collected the revenue. That
will not do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor a question. These persons were duly com-
missioned by the President, like other officers,
but failed to quality by taking the oath which
the law prescribed. Under their commissions
they entered upon the performance of their du-
ties, aud discharged those duties and collected
the revenue and paid that revenua over to the
Government. They were officers to all intents
aud purposes, officers de facto, and their acts
were as valid and binding as the .acts of any
other officer ; and the only question would be
in a direct proceeding to dispossess these per-
sons of the offices as to whether or not they
possessed the requisite qualifications. That
is a different case from the one supposed by the
Senator, where a man, upon his own responsi-
bility, upon his own motion, undertakes to
fight Indians because the law provides for
fighting Indians. The Senator knows well
enough the difference between an officer de
jure and an officer de faelo ; and the law
always regards the acts of an officer de facto
as valid as between third persons and the
Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. So I do ; but I should
imagine from my friend's speech that he did
not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is very witty ; but
I want to hear the law on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell my friend.
The law is this, that as between third persons
tho acts of what he calls an officer de facto,
who has a commission apparently valid on its
face, who has complied with all the ostensible
forms of the law, but as to whose appointment
and title to the office there may be a hidden
defect, are valid; but as to him who stands
before us now claiming, it is no protection
whatever, either in court or out of court. My
friend knows just as well as I do that any per-
son might have sued any one of these South
Carolina collectors and have recovered from
him any property he had ventured to take to
satisfy a tax or to recover the money back,
because no man can defend himself lor taking
the private property of another person unless
he stands upon the right of the law. The form
of a commission from anybody who was not
authorized under the circumstances to issue it
is no protection whatever.
Now, tho question before us is not as to
whether this money is lawfully iu the Treasury
or lawfully out of it. The question is whether
the very man who claims under this commis-
sion, and who claims iu spite of the law and
against tho law, can set up that false and ficti-
tious commission as the ground of a claim.
There is the distinction. ,
Mr. DRAKE. I do not remember that
since I have been in the Senate this question
has come under discussion before, it may
have done so, and I may have expressed by
speech or vote views different from those I am
about to express now ; but, however that may
be, I desire to say that I think the Senator
from Vermont does not treat this question as
it should be treated. It is very evident that
if he were on the bench as to this case, and
these parties were suing the United States in
court, and he was deciding the question whether
they were lawfully entitled to recover from the
United States, directly in the teeth ol an act
which declared that they should have no salary
whatever unless they took a certain oath and
that they should not be officers, in that case
unquestionably they would be turned out of
court. But that is not the case hero. The
question here is whether the United States,
without regard to whether these men were
lawful officers or not, will avail itself of their
scrvicc3 and refuse to pay them anything for
those services.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
I discussed. I merely discussed the question
of order under the rule, not what the nature
of the claim is.
Mr. DllAKE. If this is a claim or an equity
which the United States can with propriety pay
money upon, it is a claim or an equity that it
can with propriety put an appropriation for
into this bill.
Now, Mr. President, I beg leave to say, as
controlling my vote on this question, that the
Government ought to pay these men. I care
not whether they were loyal men or not, if the
Government led them into rendering service;
if the President of the United States gave them
commissions to render a certain service and
they did render it, and nothing stands in the
way of their compensation but the previous
prohibition of law, it being within our power
to remove that prohibition, I say that equity
and justice and fairness and honesty, in my
opinion, require that we should remove it and
pay them what is justly due to them for the
services which they rendered and of which the
Government has had the benefit.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Missouri
raises a question which is not now before the
Senate. We are not now considering whether
to pay these people or not, but simply whether
their claim is a private one, so that it cannot
be moved on au appropriation bill. The Sen-
ator from Oregon argued that they were de facto
officers of the Government. I should like to ask
my friend what value he attaches to the statute
of July 2, 18G2, which expressly declares:
"That before entering upon the duties of such
office, and before being entitled to any salary or other
emolument thereof,"
they shall take and subscribe a certain oath
" before being entitled to any salary or other
emolument thereof." What value does the
Senator give to these words if he says that
simply from discharging these duties these per-
sons are entitled to these emoluments ? The
language of the statute is against him. It
expressly says that they are not entitled ; the
Senator says they are entitled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not say legally, but
I say equitably entitled. Of course they are
not entitled legally; otherwise this legislation
would not be necessary. The very object of
this legislation is to provide compensation for
these persons.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, if theyare not enti-
tled, their ease constitutes a private claim in
the nature of an equity. That is all my friend
calls it, "an equity." How, then, can it be
moved as a private claim under the rules of the
Senate, I would ask my friend? It cannot be
done without setting aside the text of the stat-
ute. They acted against law, and not in pursu-
ance ofit. They had this statute before .them.
It was perfectly well known.
Mr. SAWYER,. WilltheSenatorfromMas-
saehusetts allow me to interrupt him for a
moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator what he thinks of that violation of law
which the Treasurer of the United States made
by receiving from these people this money
unlawfully which they collected ?
Mr. SUMNER. Did he violate the law?
Mr. SAWYER. Did he not violate the law
in receiving money from these people who had
filched it from the citizens of the several States,
aud putting it into the Treasury of the United
States ?
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about his
receiving it; and if he did receive it, I do not
know that he iu any respect violated law. That
is not obvious, certainly to my comprehension.
What is obvious is that these people violated
law, and now here is an attempt to put their
equity—for that is all that the able Senator
from Oregon calls it—on to this appropriation
bill as a private claim.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to suggest that it has
always seemed to me that the authorities who
appointed these persons committed afar greater
breach of law than the persons who exercised
the duties oi those offices. If the Government
acted criminally m appointing them I do not
see why they should not have their pay.
Mr. SUMNER. I have never ceased to con-
demn those who appointed them, especially
the Secretary of the Treasury and President
ot the United States at the time. The appoint-
ments I consider wore part of a, very offensive
policy v/hich culminated some time later, a
