2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
■while speaking, that question must be decided
by the Chair, subject to hk appeal or the appeal
of any other Senator, before he could proceed
-with his remarks. This question must first be
decided by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would a motion to lay
this subject 011 the table be in order? Cau we
not lay a question of order upon the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
such a motion would be in order, because by
express decision an appeal can be laid upon
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to lay the
question of order upon the table to see if we
can fret rid of it in that way.
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT. The effect ofthat
wouldbethat, the morninghourhavingexpired,
the Georgia bill would be before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the question of order sub-
mitted by the Chair to the Senate be laid 011
the table.
The motion wasagreedto—ayesthirty-seven,
noes not counted.
STATE oif GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Georgia bill
is now before the Senate, and the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Moktox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Now, will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to sec if we cannot
get a time fixed for voting ou this bill?
Mr. MORTON. I yield for that purpose^
Mr. WILSON. I suggest, then, that we fix
to-morrow tit four o'clock for the purpose of
voting ou this measure, for I think il we do
not do it we shall be driven over into next week
with it, and we have a great deal of other
very important business before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to vote upon the Georgia
bill and the amendments thereto at four o'clock
to-morrow. Is there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. There is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made by the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSE11LT. I have very little doubt
that the vote will betaken to-morrow,because
Friday seems to bo the usual day for the final
decision of these questions. I think at this
session we have decided nearly every case of
this kind 011 Friday.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to make a sugges-
tion to the Senate. If the Senate desire to
reach a vote, a motion can be made to lay the
Georgia bill on the table for the sake of then,
when it is done, making a motion that there bo
a recess this evening.
Mr. MORTON. I do not give way for that.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the only way to
get a vote 011 the subject.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate. Ilis
speech will be published in the Appendix.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION DILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask unanimous
consent to present a report from the committee
of conference on the deficiency appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Buck-
ingham in the chair.) If there be no objection
the report will be received and read.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses 011 the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 1"16) making appropriations to sup-
ply deticiencies in t.lie appropriations for the service
of the Government for tho fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows: „ ... ,
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12, 31,32, s3, 37, 51, and 5j.
That the House of Kopresentatives recede from
tlieir disagreement to the amendments Ot the benate
numbered 2, 8, 'J, 10, 20, 22, 23, 28, 29, 30, 3L>, 38, 40, 41
■15,50, and 52, and agree to the &ame.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the third amendment of the Senate, andagreoto said
amendment. ,, , ,
That the Hottse recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agreo to tho
same with the following amendments:
At the end of said amendment add U10 following:
"For additional pav of forty laborers employed in
the Patent Office, at$120each, $4,800: Provided, That
their pay shall not exeoed $720 each per annum.
" J?or cartage for the House of Representatives,
$3 000
" j?or salaries of officers, clerks, and other employes
in the Office of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, 830,000."
And the Senate agreo to the same.
That tho House reeede from their disagreement to
tho twenty-iirst amendment of the Senate and agreo
to the same with the following amendments:
In line three of said amendmentstrike out the word
"fifty" and insert inliou thereof tliewords " one hun-
dred;" and at the end of said amendment add the
following:
" Provided, That no part of the monoy shall be ex-
pended until a contractor contracts shall be entered
into hy the proper authorities with thelowestrespon-
sible bidder or bidders for tho completion of tho en-
tire building at a sum, including all monoys already
expended in its construotion, not exceeding §300,000;
and the expenditure of any sum of money in viola-
tion of this proviso shall be deemed unlawful."
And the Senate agree to the samo.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the samo with the following amendment:
Strike outsaidamendmont, and also strike out the
words "fivurhundred thousand," inlinenineonpage
i of thebill,-and insert in lieu thereof the words " one
million;" and at tho end of said line nino add tho
following:
"Provided, That no part of this Sum beyond the
sum of $500,000, or any other sum appropriated for
this purpose, shall be expended until a contract or
oontraots for tho reompletion of tho entire building,
in conformity Willi plans to ho approved by the Sec-
retary of tho Troasury and Postmaster G-eueral, and
at all times under their direction, shall bo entered
into with tlio lowest responsiblo bidder or bidders,
and for asum not exceeding 63,000,000, including all
sums already expended (or that purpose, except thn t
for tho site; and the expenditure of any sum of
money in violation of this proviso shall bo deemed
unlawful."
And the Senate agreo to tho same.
That the House reeedo front their disagreement to
tho eighteenth amendment of the Senate, .and agreo
to tho samo with the following amendments:
Strike out said amendment., and also strike out
tho words "two hundred" in line eleven, page 4, of
the bill, and insert in lieu theroof tho words "five
hundred:" and at the ond of line eleven, page 4, of
the bill, add the following:
"Provided, 'l'liat 110 part of this sum beyond tho
sum of $250,000, or any other sum appropriated for
this purpose, shall be expended until a contract or
contracts tor the completion of the entiro building,
in conformity with plans to be approved by tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury and Postmaster General, and
at ail times under their direction, shall bo entored
into with tho lowest responsiblo bidrler or bidders,
and for a sum not exceeding $1,500,000, including all
sums already expended for that purpose, exeoptthat
for tho site; and the expenditure ot any sum of
money in violation of this proviso shall be deemed
unlawful."
And the Scnato agree to the samo.
That tho House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the forty-sixth amendment of
tho Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendments:
In lino two of said amendment, after tho woru
'1 officers," insert th e foil owing words: "and to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle tho accounts
of disbursing officer? for expenditures already made;"
and in line thrco of said aiuondtnont, aftor the word
"disbursement," insert tho following words: "but
merely requiring a transfer on the books ot th c Treas-
ury and the Senate agreo to the samo.
That, the House reeede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows:
At tho end of line one, page 4, of tho bill, insert
the following: ,
" Provided, That no part of tho money shall bo
expended until a contract or contracts shall bo en-
tered into by the proper authorities with the lowest
responsible bidder or bidders, for the completion of
the entire building at a sum, including all monoys
already expended in its construction, not exceeding
$200,009; and tho expenditure of any sum of money
in violation of this proviso shall be deemed unlaw-
ful."
And the Senate agree to the same.
h. M. MORRILL,
l'KBD. A. SAWYER,
E. CASSERLY,
Manaaere on the part 0/ the Semite.
II. Ij. DAWES,
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES liROOKS.
Ma.naor.r8 on thenart of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should have been glad
to have the Senator from Maine explain to us
a little what kind of change this report makes
in the bill as we passed it. I have no doubt it
is all right, but I should like to have him
explain its general features, because I think
it is desirable that we should understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say a
word or two briefly. The particular points of
disagreement between the two branches were
upon the appropriations for public buildings,
particularly in regard to the post offices at New
York and Boston, the court-house at St, Paul,
and the marine hospital at Chicago. The Sen-
ate largely increased upon the appropriations
made in the House bill for these buildings.
The House receded from their disagreement
to the Senate amendments in those particulars,
with a proviso that only one half of the sum
appropriated in each case shall be expended
until detailed plans and estimates shall be sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Postmaster General, who are to supervise
those plans and estimates, and a contract shall
have been made for the completion of all those
buildings; and the proviso in each case also
limits the expense ot' each building.
For instance, the House of Representatives
appropriated $-100,000 for the deficiency in the
work on the building at New York. The Sen-
ate increased that to $800,000. Tho commit-
tee of conference now increase it to $1,000,000;
provided, however, that only $500,000 shall be
expended until the plans and estimates shall
have been presented to the Departments, and
approved by the Secretary Of the Treasury and
the Postmaster General, and.contracts shall
have been made for the completion of the build-
ing a,t a sum not exceeding $3,000,000.
In regard to the post office at Boston a sim-
ilar provision applies, and so as to the other
public buildings. All the other matters between
the two Houses wore subordinate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to in-
quire whether this report increases the total
amount of appropriations made by the bill as
it passed the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very little. It
does not increase them at all as it passed the
Senate, presently, but prospectively it increases
them $200,000 for the post ofEee building in
New York. The committee of conference re-
port $1,000,000 instead of $800,000 for that,
limiting the operation of it. This report makes
the present operation of the bill really $300,000
less than the bill stood by the vote of the Sen-
ate when we passed it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it expected that all
this money will bo expended during the cur-
rent fiscal year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No sir. It may
be, but that will depend on the fact whether
they can make a contract within the year.
Mr.EDMUNDS. Thenthisisnotadeficiency
bill merely, in point of fact, as I understand ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is a deficiency
bill. The estimate is that $1,000,000 are neces-
sary to bo expended on the building this year.
Tho House of Representatives were unwilling
to grant that amount except upon the present-
ation of plans and estimates to the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Postmaster General,
which should have their sanction and approval.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; but I understood
the bill as it passed the Senate to expressly
provide, as it ought to do if it is a deficiency
bill, that it should only authorize the expend-
iture of this money during the fiscal year; that
is, between now and the 30th of June. I think
a word was inserted to make that sure when
the bill was under consideration in the Senate.
Now, do I understand my friend from Maine
to mean.that this bill, as it will stand when
this report is adopted, will authorize the ex-
penditure of the money in the next fiscal year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; 1 mean
to say that the Departments are only authorized
to spend $500,000 presently on that building.
They may spend the whole million within this
year, provided the conditions provided for in
the proviso are performed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it authorizes no ex-
penditure of any kind after tho 30th of June.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir: notatall.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are there any items em-
braced in this report that were not the subject
of disagreement between the two Houses ?
