1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3617
ought to be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to its
reference, but I object to action upon it.
Mr. CONNER. I hope the gentleman will
allow the resolutions of the Texas Legislature
to be read.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions can be
presented under the call of the States on Mon-
day morning, and referred without debate. |
Jlr. CONNER. It is in consequence of the
early day fixed for adjournment that I want to
ret them before the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will let
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs I have no objection ; otherwise
I must object.
Mr. CONNER. Very well; then I ask that
my resolution and the resolutions of the Texas
Legislature be referred to the Committee on
Foreigu Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
1'OLLT VORINSKY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2054)
granting a pension to Polly Vorinsky, of Ten-
nessee ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
swamp lands is iowa.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent, in- jj
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2055) to confirm !j
certain swamp-land selections to the State of jj
Iowa; which was read a first and second time, j|
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
charles e. buck.
On motion of Mr. STILES, by unanimous
consent, certain evidence in the claim of 1
Charles E. Buck, of Pennsylvania, was ordered ;
to be printed and referred to the Committee
of Claims. I;
louisa james and w. e. kennedy.
Mr. SHELD ON, of Lou isiana, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House the papers and proofs now
on file in the War Department in relation to the
claim of Mrs. Louisa James, of New Orleans; also,
the papers and proofs relating to the claim of Dr.
William E. Kennedy, of New Orleans.
SALE OF ARSENALS, ETC.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committed on Military Affairs
the bill which I mentioned yeaterday for the
sale of arsenals. It ia House bill No. 786,
authorizing the sale of certain arsenals and
property of the United States. I ask that a
substitute >rhich I am instructed to offer may
be read, and I think there will be no objection
to it.
The substitute was read, aa follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell, in such portions as
shall, in his opinion, secure the greatest amount of
money, either by public auction or by inviting pro-
posals for the purchase thereof, and in either case to
the highest bidder, all the lands and tenements be-
longing to the United States at Rome, New York;
Vergennes, Vermont; Fayetteville, North Carolina;
Mount Vernon, Alabama, and Chattahoochie, Flor-
ida, now or heretofore used for arsenal purposes,
and known respectively as Rome arsenal, Cham-
plain arsenal, North Carolina arsenal, Mount Ver-
non arsenal, and Appalachicola arsenal; also, the
captured lands and tenements belonging to the
United States at Slireveport, Louisiana; Marshall
and Jefferson, Texas; and in Marion and Davis
counties, Texas: Provided, That no sale shall be
made under this act until the time, terms, place, and
mode thereof shall have been published in one of the
principal newspapers in each of the cities of New
York, Boston. Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, New
Orleans, for the space of sixty days prior to the sale.
Snc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the terms of
paymentfor the property above directed to be sold
shall be in all cases not less than one third cash, and
the remainder on a credit of one and two years, with
interest at six per ccnt. per annum, secured by bond
and surety from the purchaser or purchasers; and
the Secretary of AVar is empowered and required,
on receiving the purchase-money in full, to execute
all necessary deeds of said property to the purchaser
or purchasers thereof on behalf of the United States.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 227.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the prooocdg
of said .«alee, aftor paying the necessary expenses
thereof, shall, upon tho receipt of thesamo, bo paid
by tho Secretary of War into tho Treasury.
Mr. WOOD, I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] what is the
character of the property which it is proposed
to sell under this bill ?
Mr. LOGAN. Different arsenals of the
United States, with the grounds attached there-
to, which are not needed for the service of the
United States.
Mr. WOOD, Is this property to be sold at
public sale or by private sale ?
Mr. LOGAN. At public sale after sixty
days' notice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Where is the publication
of the proposed sale to be made ?
Mr. LOGAN. The newspapers published in
the principal cities of the United States, and
in the district where the property is situated
which it may be proposed to sell.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Logan,] who
must be familiar with this whole question, if
this comprises any property that can possibly
be required hereafter for the use of the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. .LOGAN. None at all; there is no use
for it in the world.
Mr. WOOD. With this explanation, I will
not object to the consideration of this bill at
this time.
No objection being made, the bill and substi-
tute were received, and the substitute agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT PORTER, BUFFALO, NEW YORK.
Mr. BENisfETT. I ask unanimous consent ;
to introduce for consideration at this time a
joint resolution authorizing the improvement
of the grounds owned by the United States in
the city of Buffalo, New York, known,as Fort
Porter.
No objection was made ; $nd the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 290) was received and read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, grants
permission to the city of Buffalo, in the State
of New York, through its park commission-
ers, to improve and beautify the grounds known
as Fort Porter, situated in said city, and be-
longing to the United States, in connection
with a public park to be laid out on land
adjoining the said grounds, the plans for the
same to be approved by the Secretary of War,
provided that this resolution shall not be con-
strued to pass any title in the said grounds,
but that the ownership and control of the said
grounds shall remain entirely in the United
States, and shall be subject to such changes and
uses for military purposes as the Secretary of
War may direct.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion, to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPE GIRARDEAU RAIMtOAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on the
Public Lands a bill (H. R. No. 2056) to grant
lands to aid in the construction of the Cape
Girardeau and State-Line railroad, in the State
of Missouri; which was read a first and second
tiitoei ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
sale op brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent.
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Naval Affairs bo
authorized to report at any time the bill for the
removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Objection was made by several members.
american commerce.
Mr. KEL8EY. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1889, to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States, on which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] who has
charge of this bill, when he proposes to close
debate?
Mr. HALE. I will yield to allow my col-
league [Mr. Lynch] to answer that question.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to have this
time taken out of the hour of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
The SPEAKER. This will be considered
as relating to order of business, and will not be
taken out of the morning hour.
Mr. LYNCH. My intention was, as I stated
yesterday, to ask the previous question and
come to a vote on this bill to-day ; but there
are several gentlemen who wish to debate this
bill and who have had a promise of a part of
the time. On that account I have concluded to
allow the debate to run through the morning
hour of to-day, and have the vote taken at the
expiration of the morning hour on Tuesday
next.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to propound a
j further inquiry to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch.] He has entered a motion to
\ recommit this bill, which of course cuts off all
amendments to the bill. I would like to know
if it is his design to keep that motion pending
until he is ready to call the previous question,
and not allow amendments to be offered to
! perfect this bill ?
Mr. LYNCH. I design to do precisely what
I said at the time I entered.that motion I would
do ; that is, to allow such amendments as may
not be designed or calculated to injure or defeat
the bill.
i Mr. ALLISON. Who is to be the judge of
that?
Mr. LYNCH. The House must be the judge
in deciding whether or not to sustain the pre-
! viotis question. Just what I stated on a former
1 day is what I propose to carry out if the House
sustains me. If the House should refuse to
order the previous question the bill will, of
course, be open to any amendments which may
be offered. The matter is entirely within the
control of the House. But I do not intend,
so far as I am concerned, to put it within the
power of that gentleman to offer amendmen ts
with a design to load down the bill and kill it.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire
whether the gentleman could not possibly call
the previous question to-day? I do not wish
to interfere with any arrangements which may
have been made ; I make the suggestion only
in the interest of the business of the House.
This bill, of course, does not interfere with
the business of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. LYNCg. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] could
only be carried out by asking the consent ot
the House to occupy the session of to-day on
this bill. On a measure of this importance I
cannot consent to cut off all those gentlemen
who desire to speak, and who wish only short
periods of time—ten, fifteen, ortwenty minutes
CStcll.
Mr. DAWES. So far as regards the last
