1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Vermont a question. As I understand
his amendment it provides that each member
shall take this oath. I desire to know whether
if there are two or three members who cannot
take it the Legislature can organize under that
amendment at all ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, the
language of the amendment itself answers the
question of my friend specifically. While in
its general declaratory part it says that each
member shall take an oath, it declares that
every person who does not take that oath
within a certain time shall cease to be a mem-
ber. Therefore, when that time comes there
will be no member of the Legislature of the
State of Virginia who has not taken that oath,
that is if this amendment has any validity;
because it declares that, to all intents and pur-
poses, every person who does not take the
oath within the time limited ceases to have
any connection with the office. This amend-
ment, therefore, will find the Legislature of
Virginia and her State government at the end
of thirty days, every member of it, composed
of persons who are not obnoxious to the
fourteenth amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator indulge
m e in an inquiry ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If that be, as I think it
is, the intendment of the provision, does it
not put it in the power of any sufficient num-
ber of persons to disorganize the Legislature
entirely by simply saying "We do not choose
to take this oath," whatever their motive may
be?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly if itshould
turn out at the end of thirty days that a major-
ity of the two Houses, or of each House, had
neglected or refused to take the oath there
would be no quorum of the Legislature left;
and if that turns out to be the effect, then it is
precisely the thing, it seems to me, that we
want to know. If the majority of that Legis-
lature choose to disorganize themselves these
present thirty days are the very time when we
want to know it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the honorable
Senator will allow me to suggest, if growing
out of preferences for United States Senator ;
if growing out of differences of opinion, whether
they want to supersede the election which has
taken place, growing out of all sorts of personal
and private motives, there should be men
enough who confessedly could truthfully take
this oath, but who for purposes of their own
want to frustrate legislation and disorganize
the Legislature, this is a bounty, an oppor-
tunity at least, held out to them to do it.
I desire to make one other suggestion to the
honorable Senator. If I understand the pro vis-
ion, it does not touch hurtfully all the men who
are really to blame, if there be such, for sitting
there in defiance of the fourteenth amendment,
provided they have caused, in the mean time,
their disabilities to be removed. They are to
take an oath affirming that their disabilities, if
they existed, have now been removed. Al-
though they sat in the Legislature during the
whole time, defied the fourteenth amendment,
evaded it, concealed or evaded their disability,
no notice is taken of that, but they are simply
required to show that in the mean time they
have obtained absolution. Now, if the pur-
pose be a scrutiny of the Legislature and a de-
nunciation of penalties, more or less, against
those who have really incurred them, then I
submit to the honorable Senator whether it is
efficacious in that respect.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont yield to the Senator from Indi-
ana?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I do not understand that
this amendment proposes to go back and invali-
date what that Legiblatare has done up to this
time. There is nothing in the language of the
41st CoNii. 2d Sess.—No. 27.
amendment that implies that. I desire to ask
that question of the Senator from Vermont,
whether he designs that his amendment shall
have the effect of destroying the original or-
ganization of this Legislature or to invalidate
what it lias done up to this time ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
. Mr. MORTON. I did not so understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is nothing in the
language of the amendment which can possibly
bear that construction.
Mr. MORTON. Therefore, if growing out
of this amendment the Legislature should here-
after be destroyed, possibly, as suggested by
the Senator from New York, it would not
invalidate the election of Senators, which has
already taken place, or the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all, anymore than
the expulsion of a member for stealing in the
mean time would do.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, in this
whole question of reconstruction I have but one
principle to guide me, and that is that when-
ever these States have complied in good faith
with the terms and stipulations imposed upon
them bv Congress I shall vote for their admis-
sion. I therefore could not vote for the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Missouri
because I thought it implied what was not justi-
fied by any evidence that I had yet seen in this
discussion. The amendment now proposed by
the Senator from Vermont, however, is of a dif-
ferent character. Itadds nothing to the burdens
already imposed upon the people of Virginia or
the delegates elected in Virginia or the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Virginia. Under the
reconstruction act of March 2, 1867, no one
could hold the office of member of the conven-
tion or member of the Legislature who was
disqualified from holding office under the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion. This amendment now simply, if I under-
stand it, proposes to test the conscience of the
member as to whether or not he has violated
the fourteenth amendment. If that is the pur-
pose of it it seems to me it is very simple.
Where a member of the Legislature has been
relieved from his disabilities by act of Congress,
as a matter of course he ought not to be re-
quired to take the oath; in all other cases I
think it is perfectly proper to require it. With
this amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont I can vote for the admission of Vir-
ginia with great pleasure.
I do not wish to prolong this debate. I hope
that we shall have this matter definitely dis-
posed of to-day, so that we may proceed with
other important legislation; and I will set the
example, therefore, of _not occupying much
time.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word,
rather more for the consideration of the mover
of this amendment, if I can get his attention,
than the Senate. I have no objection to the
members of the Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia taking an oath showing that they are not
disqualified to hold office by the fourteenth
amendment. I should be very glad if they had
done so. But of what practical use can this
amendment be ? Has any one said that there
are members of that Legislature who are dis-
qualified? I have not heard the name of a
man. I heard it stated yesterday on the floor
that Governor Walker said there were two and
no more; but on investigation it turns out that
those were two persons who were elected and
to whom General Canby would not give certifi-
cates of election. So far, then, as it now ap-
pears from anything that is before the Senate
or stated to it, at least in my hearing, there is
not a member of that Legislature who is dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment. If
that be so, or unless there be good reason to think
that there are disqualified persons there, I sub-
mit to my friend from Vermont whether he will
make the fact of this bill itself going into effect,
its existence as a law, depend upon a mere
idle ceremony of taking and filing an oath ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am glad to know that
my distinguished friend from Ohio is in favor
of the principle implied in this amendment;
but I am sorry he is not in favor qf its prac-
tice. His position in that respect reminds me
of the position that.au old friend of mine up in
Vermont said the Democratic party, when
he was 'a member of it there, held in relation
to the war*; that they were very much in favor
of the war, but very much opposed to furnish-
ing any means to carry it on. My friend seems
to be in favor of the idea of. the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution being applied
to the persons upon whom it professes to act;
but when now, for the first time, "we have a
definite and distinct opportunity to make the
application, my friend persuades himself to
doubt the propriety of making it in this par-
ticular case. Now is the time, Mr. President,
as it seems to me, independent of the question
whether every one of the members of that
Legislature can take the oath or not, to give
them the opportunity, and to make it their duty,
coming as they do from a State which is filled
full of people upon whom that amendment
would operate, when they are asking us to
restore them to a complete, practical relation
to the Union, to give some little proof of their
fidelity to one constitutional amendment that
we think has been adopted.
But I do not understand the fact to be as rny
friend does. I understand, and I believe it
will turn out unless perjury is to. be added to
treason, that there are more than one or two
or three members of that Legislature who will
decline to take that oath upon the ground that
they cannot take it truly. That will not dis-
organize the Legislature. If the whole Legis-
lature were disorganized, as is properly sug-
gested by my friend from Indiana, it would not
interfere with the validity of anything that has
lawfully taken place already, any mpre than it
would if the whole body should die to-morrow.
What they have done would be left standing.
I do hope, therefore, that Senators will not
find it convenient, upon some idea of a want
of necessity, to decline to set the square exam-
ple of applying to the Legislature of this State
and of every other, whenever we can lay our
hands upon them, the duty of standing up to
the requirements of the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
unbounded confidence in the suggestions of the
Senator l'vom Vermont; but still I am not quite
satisfied with this amendment, because it ap-
pears to me that great mischief may grow out
of it. In answer to the inquiry of the Senator
from Indiana the Senator from Vermont says
that if this amendment should disorganize the
Legislature of the State of Virginia it would
not affect the election of United States Sen-
ators or the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment. But of what avail will be the election
of United States Senators when the State is not
admitted? If for any reason a majority of
the members of the Legislature of the State of
Virginia—and I presume under the State con-
stitution a majority constitute a quorum—if
they, upon some supposition that at a subse-
quent election their political views or opinions
might be successful, should refuse- to qualify
themselves in the manner indicated m this
amendment, then Virginia is not admitted as
a State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend
whether they could not in the same way defeat
the organization of the government there by
resigning?
Mr. EDMUNDS. How will this keep outthe
State ? That is the very point I want to learn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will endeavor to show
the honorable Senator how it will keep the
State out. If I understand the resolution it
provides that the State of Virginia shall be
admitted to representation in Congress, bnt by
this amendment that resolution is not to take
effect until the members of the Legislature take
the oaths prescribed in the amendment, i hen,
of course, if they do not take the oaths this
