2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
of these outrages. Your reconstruction acts
that gentlemen have argued so long to show-
are in force—and they are for all these pur-
poses—expressly make it the duty of the mili-
tary commander, and of all tlie forces in his
charge, to repress by force all descriptions of
outrages of this character. Why has lie not
done it?
The Democrats down there who have been
before onr committee—'because we have prob-
ably had as much of this detail as anybody in
the Senate—say that these outrages are very
rare. I do not think so myself. I think they
are numerous, and I think the military author-
ities have been wanting, as the people of
Georgia have been wanting, iu the discharge
of their duty in having failed to execute the
reconstruction laws and to enforce order there.
One man hung up at a tree would be a much
stronger incentive to peace and good order
there than all the legislation we can pass; and
it lias occurred to me, or rather it suggested
itself to somebody else who has mentioned it
to me, that it might be just possible that it
would be of more benefit to the State of Geor-
gia if her excellent and vigorous Governor, so
well described by my friend from Indiana,
would devote a little more of his time to the
affairs of that State, in repressing violence and
disorder, and in carrying out its laws, instead
of spending his time, live or six hundred miles
away, respecting the enactment of acts of Con-
gress; but! may be mistaken about that.
Nov/, Mr. President, I have just a few words
to say upon the subject of this pending ques-
tion. My friend from Indiana, who I am sorry
to see is not now in his seat, made a speech
the other day in which he took the jocose side
of the question instead of the sad and pathetic
one that he has given us to-day; and in argu-
ing against the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary touching the irregularities in the
organization of this new Legislature, and in
alluding, as he had a perfect right to do, in
jocose terms to the inconsequential character
of our conclusion, he said that although we had
demonstrated that these irregularities had been
committed, and that the minority men had no
business to be in the Legislature, yet like Snug,
the joiner, we had put our heads out from
behind the report and had said, "Do not be
alarmed, we do not recommend any correction
of this evil after all." I was so struck with
the aptness as well as with the novelty of that
illustration that I inquired of a friend, who is
well read up in literary matters, where the
quotation was to be found, and having ascer-
tained, I found what my friend, if he were here,
perhaps would agree with me iu supposing to
be the true character of his complaint of the
Judiciary Committee on that subject.
Envy is one of those passions of the human
mind that sometimes take possession of the
noblest souls. It may be that this accounts
for this method of complaining of our report
in this respect, for I learn that the good Bot-
tom, friend and companion of Snug, felt very
badly because ho could not play the lion, and
complained of it loudly and insisted to his fel-
loiv-players that he should play the pari instead
of Snug; and he said—I quote from memory,
and I may, therefore, not give the language
exactly correct—"Let me play the lion too :
1 will roar that I will do any man's heart good
to hear me; I will roar that the Chronicle shall
say, Let him roar again! [Laughter.] Lot
him roar again!" [Laughter.] I say, Mr.
President, that this being an erudite matter,
as to which I am not perfectly versed, I may
possibly not have got the language correctly ;
but certain it is that my friend has given us the
benefit of the seeond roar that the play to which
he alluded authorized him to do.
But, jokiugapart, Mr. President, letme con-
sider for a minute or two the points that are
now involved here. I shall not go over the
old arguments except merely so far as is neces-
sary to call attention very pointedly to the mat-
ter under consideration. The point on which
this debate set out, and the sole point, by the
gentlemen who insisted on having this Legis-
lature continued, was that according t,o the
constitution of Georgia they were entitled by
the true construction of that constitution to hold
over. There they stood. Now, that point
seems to have been pretty much abandoned.
My friend from Oregon disposed of that ques-
tion. He demonstrated, in a speech such as
he always makes when he is on the subject of
the law, in much fewer words than I cou ld, that
the constitution of Georgia could not have any
such construction ; that it ought not to be con-
strued in that way ; that it would do violence
to the principles of construction to construe it
in that way; and that there was no pretense
for holding that the constitution of Georgia
entitled these men to carry on legislative func-
tions for two years more. The thing got so
hopeless upon that point, so utterly driven out
of court, as the saying is, that it was necessary
to find some other ground to stand upon ; and
so the ground was taken up that there was dis-
covered iu the last part of the constitution of
Georgia a provision to this effect:
"Should this constitution be ratified by the peo-
ple, and Congress accept the same with any qualifi-
cations or conditions, the government herein pro-
vided for, and the officers elected, shall nevertheless
exist and continue in the oxercino of their several
functions as tho government of this State, so far as
the same may be consistent with tho action of the
United States in the premises."
Failing on tho ground that anybody thought
uf when tho question was opened, that being
utterly swept away, they now fall down and
alight upon this provision as authorizing, not
a change in the constitution of Georgia, which
is to regulate as a constitutional change the time
of holding elections for all time to come until the
constitution should be amended, butas author-
ity for a violation of tho constitution of Georgia,
as my friend from Oregon demonstrated it to
be, for two years. Now what does this say?
"Should this constitution," speaking of the
constitution, not of the people, not of the Le-
gislature,but speaking of the instrument which
was tlie feundution and the framework of its
government; "should this constitution be rat-
ified by the people, and Congress accept the
same"—the constitution—"with any qualifi-
cations or conditions," the government shall
not be destroyed, but the officers elected shall
be the government notwithstanding. A mere
statement of the question, as it seems to me,
entirely answers all the argument drawn from
that. It is the constitution, the instrument
that we may accept with qualification or con-
dition, and when it came before us we did
accept it with qualification or condition, pro-
viding what articles and what sections of that
constitution should be strickcn out as being
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States—the repudiation articles. And we may
undoubtedly impose a-ny other condition that
changes the character of that constitution in
the methods of its procedure, in conformity
with that, and the people and the Legislature
may agree to it.
Nobody questions that; but that is quite a
different thing, my friend from Oregon will
allow me to suggest to him—it has suggested
itself to his mind, I have no doubt; I thought
so as he was arguing the question—it is quite
a different thing to say "we accept this con-
stitution as a Republican constitution ; we put
a construction upon it which does not author-
ize men elected for two years to hold forfour,"
and add to it the bold and flat declaration that
notwithstanding that constitution, those who
are elected under it shall hold two years longer
than it provides, for that is what my friend's
amendment is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to say that that is not the amendment at
all. Tho constitution provides that the election
shall be held in 1870, and the amendment
simply provides that it shall be held in 1872,
so that it changes the constitution in that
respect, and leaves it to affect these officers as
it may. There is no expression that these
men are continued in office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So my friend thinks, un-
doubtedly: if he did not think so he would
not say so ; but let us see. The constitution
does not say, to speak literally, that an elec-
tion shall be held in 1870. The constitution
says that an election shall be held every two
years forever, beginning in two years after-the
first Monday in November, 1868, That is
what the constitution says. It provides for a
continuing recurrence of the voice of the peo-
ple over the selection of their representatives.
Now, my friend from Oregon does not propose
to change that by declaring that an election
shall be held once in three years, or once in
four years. He does not undertake to do any-
thing of that kind. He says that provision
shall stand ; there shall be an election in Geor-
gia once in two years, only that in this partic-
ular instance the constitution of Georgia shall
not operate this time; this time the old Legis-
lature shall hold for four years. The consti-
tution has not any such frame in it. It does
not provide for a difference of terms in one
season and another. It provides for a con-
stantly recurring, at equal periods, time of
elections by the people; and it is necessary
that it should do so in order that it should be
republican, as it seems to me. Now, this
amendment, disguise it as my friend may—1
do not mean that he intends to disguise it, bnt
delude himself as he may—I will say this amend-
ment of his, stripped of its language and its
verbiage, is simply this: that notwithstanding
the constitution of Georgia says there shall be
an election every two years, we say there shall
not be an election this two years, and there-
lore the constitution so far shall be disre-
garded. If that is not a different thing alto-
gether, not formally different, but substantially
different from undertaking to correct an en or
that exists in that constitution as being anti-
republican or improper, then I do not under-
stand the difference between truth and false-
hood.
So much for that. This afterthought will
not save this case from an intelligent public ;
and if we are to do a thing of this kind, let us
do it as a friend of mine from one of the south-
ern States boldly says he proposes to do it—
because there is something manly in that—let
us have the people understand in flat terms
that, we do not care what the constitution of
Georgia is; we do not care what rights that
people may have under their own constitution
and their own laws; it happens to be our
supreme will, and we have the physical power
to enforce it, that they shall not have an elec-
tion of representatives this year or next year,
or until we get ready to have them. And on
the argument of my friend from Indiana we
might add, and we ought to add, if we have
any right to do it in this instance, or if there
is any propriety in it, that the same rule shall
apply to every other southern State where we
have the correct and proper number of good
Republicans in the Legislature now, because
my friend from Indiana has demonstrated to
his own satisfaction that every election that
happens there after this present moment of
the year of our Lord 1870 will result in what
he calls a Ivuklux triumph; that is to say.
the political character of the Legislature will
change.
Why not stop it? If this is a panacea for
the evils of Georgia, is it not equally a panacea
for the evils in Alabama and in Arkansas and
in Texas? Let us save them too, and do not
let us allow the grass to grow under our feet
while we are doing it, and we have just as much
right to do it there as we have to do it here,
because Senators will bear in mind that wo are
now admitting this State, not governing her by
militaiy control; not upholding or continuing
a provisional Legislature, but we are making
a State of her, and having made a State of her
we can just as well operate upon the other
States as upon her. But I will let that pass.
