T16
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 15,
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
to give free access in low water to the head
of the aqueduct, five thousand five hundred
dollars.
For repairs in tunnel number one, and re-
moving fallen stones, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For preserving the new or Dalecarlia tunnel
from falling in, and protecting bank of con-
necting conduit, twenty thousand dollars.
For completing the distributing reservoir
accordingto the original plan : first, slope wall
' for protection of banks, thirty thousand dol-
lars ; second, repairing earthen banks, and
completing dividing bank and setting iron valve
gate therein, five thousand dollars ; third, com-
pleting the two gate-houses of this reservoir,
twenty thousand dollars.
For arrears of superintendence and repairs
to July first, eighteen hundred and seventy,
four thousand dollars.
For completing -work at arch over High
Service reservoir, and placing rail round the
same, four thousand dollars.
For superintendency and general repairs,
twelve thousand dollars.
For macadamizing the top of the conduit
now used as the main road to Washington, ten
thousand dollars—in all one hundred and
twenty thousand nine hundred and thirty-two
dollars: Provided, That the money hereby
appropriated for the Washington aqueduct
shall be applied to the objects named herein,
and to no others: Provided further, That all
water-rents derived from the Washington
aqueduct shall be applied to the improvement
and repair of the samp, and for no other pur-
pose, until otherwise provided by law.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For necessary repairs and improvements at
the following navy-yards:
Navy-Yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For necessary repairs of all kinds, fifty thou-
sand dollais.
Navy- Yard at Boston.
For repairs of buildings, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred thousand dollars.
Namj- Yard at New York.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Nary-Yard at Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dollars.
Navy-Yard at Norfolk.
For preservation of the yard, and the neces-
sary repairs of all kinds, thirty thousand dollars.
Nary- Yard at Pensacola.
For preservation of the yard, and the neces-
sary repairs of ail kinds, thirty thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Mare Island.
For completing foundery and boiler estab-
lishment, filty thousand dollars; for saw-mill
machinety, twenty thousand dollars; for ma-
chinery for house-joiners' shop, five thousand
dollars; and for repairs of all kinds, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Nasal tiiation at SacJceU's Harbor.
For repaits and tiie general care of the
public property, one thousand dollars.
Naval Station at Mound City, Illinois.
For necessary repairs of all kinds, three
thousand dollars.
PUBLIC BTJILDIXGS.
Under Hit: dJireclion of the Architect of the
Capitol Extension.
For finishing and repairing the work on the
Capitol extension, and for curbing and flagging
Upper terraces, one hundred thousand dollars.
For aunual repairs of the old portion of the
Capitol building, painting, glazing, keeping
roofs in order, water-pipes, pavements, and
approaches to the building, and extension
of the steam-heating apparatus, ten thousand
dollars.
For finishing and repairing the work on
the new Dome of the Capitol, four thousand
dollars.
For continuing the work of grading and fill-
ing the grounds around the Capitol, twenty-
five thousand dollars: Provided, That the first
expenditure of this appropriation shall be
devoted to grading and putting in order the
plateau of the east front of the Capitol, and
making proper approaches thereto.
Patent-Office Building.
For grading the southern half of 0 street,
from Seventh to Ninth streets, and paving the
same, seven thousand fiye hundred dollars:
Provided, That the corporation of Washington
city cause the north half of G street between
Seventh and Ninth streets to be paved at the
same time, the cost thereof to be assessed
against the private property fronting thereupon
in the manner usual in cases of such improve-
ments.
For rent of additional rooms for the use of
the Department of the Interior, four thousand
dollars.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Building on Reservation Number Tico.
For the erection of glass structures for the
culture of medical, textile, and economic
plants, twenty-live thousand dollars.
For labor in improvement of the grounds
eight thousand dollars. I
For terrace walls and gateway, five hundred j
dollars. |
For material for roads and walks, seven
thousand dollars.
For vases, two hundred dollars.
For new tools, repairing, and blacksroithing,
one thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For repairs and improvements for the proper
ventilation of the rooms used by the dead let-
ter branch of the Post Office Department, ten
thousand dollars.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For repairs and incidental expenses in refit-
ting and improving light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, two hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For salaries of six hundred and twenty light-
house keepers and light-beacon keepers, and
their assistants, four hundred and fifteen thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, rations, repairs, sal-
aries, supplies, and incidental expenses of
twenty-five light-vessels, two hundred and
thirty-two thousand two hundred and ninety
dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
buoys and beacons, and for chains, sinkers,
and similar necessaries, two hundred and sev-
enty five thousand dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses m refit-
ting and improving log-signals and buildings
connected therewith, thirty thousand dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting
lights and other aids to navigation, two thou-
sand dollars.
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights on the Atlantic, (iulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts, with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, spirits of wine, whiting, polishing pow-
der, towels, brushes, soap, paints, and other
cleaning materials, and for expenses of repair-
ing and keeping in repair illuminating appa-
ratus and machinery, and of gauging, testing,
transportation, delivery of oil and other sup-
plies for light-houses, and other incidental
necessary expenses, two hundred and fifty one
thousand seven hundred and seventeen dollars.
SUIiVEY OF THE COAST.
For continuing the survey of the Altantic
and Gulf coast of the United States, and Lake
Champlain. including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy and petty officers and men of the Navy
employed in the work, three hundred and
ninety-one thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Pacific
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for the
steamers used in the coast suivey, no longer
supplied by the Navy Department, five thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the obser-
vations made in the progress of coast survey,
including compensation of civilians engaged
ill the work, the publication to be made at
the Government Printing Office, two thousand
dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the com-
plement of vessels vised in the coast survey,
forty-five thousand dollars.
KUUVEriXG TIIE PUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands in Louisiana,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for township and eight dollars for section
lines, including the survey of township twelve
south, range eleven east, in which the city of
New Orleans is situated, at twenty-five dollars
per lineal inile, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Florida,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard, seven dollars for township,
and six for section lines, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lauds in Minne-
sota, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for (section lines,
forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands iu Dakota.
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per mile for standard lines, seven dollars for
township, and six dollars for section lines,
twenty thousand dollars : Provided, That ten
thousand dollars of this appropriation shall be
expended for surveys in the Pembina land
district.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lauds in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for town-
ship, and six dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, six dollars for township,
and five dollars for section lines, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands iu Colorado,
at rales not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dolluis for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
! rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
j standard lir.es, twelve dollars for township, and
j ten for section lines, twenty thousand dollars.
| For surveying the public lands in New Mex-
| ico, a! rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
j lineal mile for standard linos, twelve dollais
j for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
j ten thousand dollars.
! For surveying the public lands in Arizona,
j at_ratC3 not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and len dollars for sec1 ion lines, ten thou-
sand dollars; Provided. That it. shpjl be the
