4562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
gress found it necessary to repeal all that pro-
vision of the statute, and to allow the practice
of these officials sending their letters and get-
ting no credit for them, and paying no money
for them, to go on, being satisfied that what-
ever abuse might exist, as it undoubtedly did
exist, under the practice of sending letters free
was, an abuse far less in consequence to the
Government than the abuses which would grow
up under the system of endeavoring to provide
by the payment of money or the crediting of
balances from one Department to the other.
Sir, I used to be told when I was young and
at school that experience was the best teacher,
and that it was not worth while to fly from one
experiment to another, unless the second ex-
periment was one that had not been tried and
lound to be a failure. I admit, and it cannot
be disguised, and I for one do not wish to dis-
guise it, that this present system has its evils,
and they are serious ones. There are abuses,
and they are serious ones, and ihey ought to be
corrected. But in my opinion and in the opin-
ion of the intelligent people whom I represent,
in a large degree of those people with whom
I have conversed and of the press, the best way
to correct the evil is to strike at the abuses,
punish the offenders, put still more stringent
guards upon the exercise of the function which
this system makes necessary, instead of jump-
ing out of the frying-pan into the fire, as the
homely expression is, and sailing away upon a
system of postage stamps furnished to all clerks
in Departments and to all members of Con-
gress and committees and officers of the Sen-
ate, or money to pay postage by stamps, which
has a peculiar signification, if you please, which
comes to the same thing, because once a letter
is put in them nobody can teil whether it is
your letter or mine, Mr. President. It conies
to the same thing.
There is another thought that ought not to
be forgotten on this subject; and when 1 state
it I shall have done, because I only wish, on the
idea that this measure is to pass, to state that
I do not believe in it at all; and that is, that
all the abuses there are about this system are
abuses which result chiefly in disseminating
intelligence or communicating information of
some kind from one man in the country to
another man. It does not take any money
from the Treasury, except in the withholding,
if the man should have sent the letter without,
if he lias stolen a stamp or the document or
the newspaper, of three pennies that he would
have put into the Treasury.
if we abolish this system, the railway com-
panies, and the mail-coach companies, and the
letter-carrier men, wherever they are, all over
the country, will receive no less for carrying
the mails than they do now. It is no advan-
tage to the Government, whatever advantage
it may be to the contractor, to diminish the
number of letters that are to be sent in the
mails, the number of documents that are to be
sent in the mails, or the number of speeches
that would be scattered among constituents.
We gain nothing by it. My colleague says that
the contracts arc already made. So they are ;
but if they were not, you would not get a bid
in any part of the country one dime less for
the carrying of the mails if you were to strike
out all franked matter than you get now; be-
cause, excepting on one or two great trunk
lines, as from here to Baltimore or New York,
where the great mass of documents is concen-
trated, it is of no consequence to the railway
company whether it carries ten thousand or
twenty thousand letters on the train; it must
have the same price for them. Then, sir, we
gain nothing.
The Postmaster General has said in his first
annual report that he is to save to the Treasury
$5,000,000 by this measure. In his second
report,'made in response to a resolution of the
Senate, he has found that taking the month of
January as a type of the whole twelve, instead
of gaining $5,000,000 on his own theory he
will gain §2,400,000 ; and to accomplish that
he is obliged to take what every Senator knows
to be the most favorable month of any in the
year as it respects franked matter; that mouth
in the year when the great operations of the
Government, after the holidays, are set out
afresh ; when Congress has returned from its
festivals at home and has set on about its busi-
ness; when the largest amount of strangers
are in town engaged in the interests of them-
selves and associates and constituents and
friends at home, and when, therefore, the Post
Office Department would have the largest run
of business, as the commercial phrase is. _He
finds that, taking that month as the criterion,
the amount of saving, as he would call it, is
$2,400,000.
Now, what does the bill which the Senator
from Minnesota proposes here as a substitute
for the abolition of this system provide? On
his own figures, and undoubtedly the most favor-
able estimate possible, he proposes to take out
of the Treasury—I was about to say in hard
money, I wish if was; but in currency—about
twelve hundred thousand dollars to start this
new machine with, and you will see a deficit at
the end of the year which I think will open the
eyes even of the Postmaster General.
So that, without wearying the patience of the
Senate any longer—and one might speak upon
this subject with some interest to one's self
for a long time and go into the details of it—
in my deliberate opinion, which I only rose
to express as briefly as possible, we are going
from whatever abuses exist under this system
into a system which has tenfold the abuses and
not one tenth of the means of correcting and
preventing them of the present system. I am
unwilling to do that. I am willing to join with
any Senator to correct every abuse that there
is connccted with the transmission of the Gov-
ernment's communications to and from its peo-
ple ; but I am unwilling, under the pretense
of saving tlie people from one burden and one
abuse, to inflict upon them one that I am cer-
tain, and that experience has shown I am
right in supposing it to be so, will be a much
greater one.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I sympathize
with the general idea which the Senator from
Tennessee has so clearly presented, and I am
glad that his voice to-night has been given to
this cause. He would have letters not only go
with a small postage, but free. So would I,
precisely as I would have education, not only
at small cost, but free. The Senator is right
in his aim, and ho shall not in that respect go
further than myself. But allow me to call his
attention to a point which possibly he has re-
flected upon, i certainly have, and it has
controlled me in the conclusion which I have
reached. I believe that there must be a cer-
tain rate in order to prevent abuse. No such
rule is requisite in the common schools; there
the doors may be opened to all free of cost;
no rate is necessary; but if there wore no rate
for a letter there would be abuse.
Now, my proposition is, and on that I chal-
lenge debate in this Senate aud debate before
the country, that the letters should be carried
at the lowest rate that is sufficient to prevent
abuse. Therefore the Senator from Tennessee
will see that I do not differ very much from
himself. I propose a rate in order to prevent
abuse, and I select naturally the lowest rate
by which that can be accomplished. I know
full well—for I know this country—that the
time will come very soon when the people will
gratefully accept this idea; nay, they will go
forward in advance, and demand that Congress
shall put it m execution. Senators may treat
it with levity; they may use hard terms in crit-
icising it; they may vote against it. Let them
do so ; I know that the idea is not only reason-
able, but that it is practicable, and I know that
whoever sets himself against it only prepares
for himself hereafter occasion for regret.
Why, sir, we have heard to-night a Senator,
who is not now in his seat, call it preposterous.
"Preposterous" was the word. Well, sir, I
do not know whether the Senator quoted or
whether he spoke his own language then ; but
he said that the idea of a one-cent postage was
preposterous. When Rowland Hill brought
forward, in 1838, his proposition for one-penny
postage, which I insist should lead the way in
our country to one cent postage, how was it
encountered? The Senator from Rhode Island
was not there to meet it as he is here to meet
the kindred proposition ; but there was an au-
thority as great on postal matters as the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. I refer to Colonel
Maberly, the experienced secretary of the Brit-
ish post office, who had for a long time been
in that service, who in his testimony before the
committee did not hesitate to say:
" It appears to me a most preposterous plan, utterly
unsupported by facts andresting entirely on assump-
titm."
Such was the judgment on this great prop-
osition of Rowland Hill, unquestionably the
greatest and most beneficent achievement dur-
ing the reign of Qyeen Victoria. What else
has occurred, civil or military, which cau com-
pare in beneficence with cheap postage to the
English people ? And yet, when this was
brought forward, the most experienced person
in the post office denounced it as " preposter-
ous" and '• utterly unsupported by facts and
resting entirely on assumption."
Sir, what said the Postmaster General-him-
self? We have been bidden by the same au-
thority to bow absolutely to the Postmaster
General. He, sir, is our single teacher, an
authority from whom we cannot depart. The
Senate itself as a body, no Senator as an indi-
vidual can open his mouth upon any question
of the postal service where the Postmaster
General has spoken. Well, sir, how did the
Postmaster General speak in England when
one-penny postage was proposed there ? I have
his words before me—it was Lord Lichfield, in
the House of Lords—as follows :
"Of alt the wild and visionary schemes which I
have ever heard of it is the most extravagant."
Our Postmaster General says no such thing.
I know from knowledge of his character, and
also from personal intercourse with him on this
vei-y subject, how deeply he sympathizes with
this whole idea. He naturally is anxious for
the revenues of his Department, but he is not
insensible also to the great good that may be
accomplished through a wise expenditure of
the public money in that direction, and I know
that he will give his sympathy and his heart
to anything that Congress may do in this
direction. He, sir, is no niggard; he is not
illiberal or indifferent to the interests of the
people ; he wishes to extend human happiness
and to stimulate trade, and in every way to
secure educational advantages for his feliow-
citizens. Therefore is he for cheap postage.
Our Postmaster General will never claim the
immunity which is set up for him by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, nor will he ever adopt
the language of the English postmaster gen-
eral, which I have now cited, when he called
the one-cent postage of England a wild and
visionary scheme.
Senators do not see how one cent postage
will work. They think it will fail. Just so
did they say in England when they had the
question of a penny postage. Rowland Hill
demonstrated in advance that the tendency
from cheapening of prices always was to cause
a multiplication of sales or of products; and
following that rule, he declared that with the
cheapening of the postal rates letters would
be multiplied almost indefinitely; and, sir, he
was more than a prophet. All that he said
has been fulfilled, to the glory and renown and
happiness of the British people.
Sir, I wish to secure something of that for
my fellow-citizens. I wish to secure that crown-
ing honor for the American people. Tell me
not that it is not practicable. I know that it
is practicable. Believe it, sir, and you can do
