1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cons....2b Sess.
duty of the surveyor general of Arizona, under
such instructions as may be given by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to ascertain and report
upon the origin, nature, character, and extent
of the claims to lands in said Territory under
the laws, usages, and customs of Spain and
Mexico ; and for this purpose he shall have
all ihe powers conferred, and shall perform all
the duties enjoined upon the surveyor general
of New Mexico by the eighth section of an act
entitled "An act to establish the offices of
surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers,
and for other purposes," approved July twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
his report shall be laid before Congress for
such action thereon as shall be deemed just
and proper.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in his
discretion, may hereafter authorize, public
lands in said State, densely covered with for-
ests or thick undergrowth, to be surveyed at
augmented rates, not exceeding eighteen dol-
lars per mile for standard parallels, fifteen dol-
lars for township, and twelve dollars for sec-
tion lines: Provided further. That wherever
lands in California subject to private entry
have been or shall be withdrawn from market
for any cause, such lands shall not thereafter
be held subject to private entry until they shall
have first been opened for at least ninety days
to homestead and preemption settlers, and
again offered at public sale.
For surveying the public lands m Oregon,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for seel ion lines, forty
thousand dollars: Provided, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in his
discretion, may hereafter authorize public lands
in said State, densely covered with forests or
thick undergrowth, tobesurveyedataugmented
rates, not exceeding eighteen dollars per mile
for standard parallels, fifteen dollars for town-
ship, and twelve dollars for section lines.
For surveying the public land sin Washington
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, twenty thousand dollars: Provided,
That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in his discretion, may authorize public
lands in said Territory, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, to be surveyed at
augmented rates, not exceeding eighteen dol-
lars per mile for standard parallels, fifteen
dollars for township, and twelve dollars for
section lines. _
For surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per mile for standard lines, twelve dollars tor
township, and ten dollars lor section lines,
twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, forty-
seven thousand dollars: Provided, That sev-
enteen thousand dollars (including the^sum of
ten thousand six hundred and twenty five dol-
lars, appropriated by act of July twenty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight) may be used for
the survey of the eastern boundary line of said
Slate, but no higher sura than forty dollars per
lineal mile shall be paid for such survey.
For the survey of public lands within the
limits of the land grant of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company in the Territories of Colo-
rado, Wyoming, and Utah, us foilpws : ^
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Colorado at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township lines, and ten dollars for section lines,
ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Utah at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars for standard, twelve dollars for township
lines, and ten dollars for section lines, ten
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming at rates not exceeding fif-
teen dollars for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township lines, and ten dollars for section
lines,forty thousand dollars: Provided, That the
foregoing appropriations for surveys of public
lands within the limits of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company's land grant shall be con-
ditional upon the compliance of said company
or party in interest with the requirements of
the twenty-first section of the act of July sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes,' approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two."
For the survey of the public lands within the
limits of the land grant to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company in a direct lino extending
from Dulnth, on Lake Superior, to George-
town, on the Red River of the North, ninety-
five thousand ninehundred and eighty dollars:
Provided, That five thousand dollars of this
appropriation shall be expended for office work
by the surveyor general of Minnesota: And
provided further, That before any land granted
to said company by the United States shall be
conveyed to any party entitled thereto under
any of the acts incorporating or relating to
said company, there shall first be paid into the
Treasury'of the United States the cost of sur-
veying, selecting, and conveying"the same, by
the said company or party in interest,
MISCELLANEOUS.
For an examination and survey, under the
direction of the President of the United States,
of the routes of Tehuantepec and Nicaragua,
in order to ascertain the practicability of a
ship-canal at these places between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, thirty thousand dollars.
To meet expenses to be incurred in the pros-
ecution and collection of claims due the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars, to be
disbursed under the direction of the _Attor-
ney General: Provided, That appropriations
for salaries and pay of officers and others here-
tofore employed in other Departments and now
employed in the Department of Justice, are
hereby transferred to the said Departmentof
Justice, to be disbursed in accordance with
the law organizing the same.
For compensation of clerks, and for addi-
tional compensation to the same, in the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury, twenty-two
thousand five hundred dollars.
To pay salary of the consul at Port Said,
Egypt, two thousand dollars.
For the payment of the necessary expenses
incurred in defending suits against the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or his agents, for the seiz-
ure of captured and abandoned property, and
for the defense of the United States in respect
of such property in the Court of Claims, sixty
thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Attorney General.
For continuing the collection of statistics of
mines and mining, to be laid before Congress,
, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
! retary of the Treasury, ten thousand dollars,
j For continuing the geological survey of the
; Territories of the United States by Professor
■j Ilayden, under the direction of the Secretary
'i of the Interior, twenty-five thousand dollars.
; To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide a law library for each of the Terri-
tories of Arizona, Idaho, Montana, Utah, and
Wyoming, the sum of two thousand five hun-
dred dollars, respectively, is hereby appro-
priated.
To pay Paul S. Forbes the balance due him
under contract with the Navy Department for
asteam-engiue for the Algonquin, twenty-seven
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dol-
lars.
To pay Horatio Ames the amount now due
him for wrought-iron rifled guns made by him
for the Navy by order of the Bureau of Ord-
nance, and tested and accepted by them, sev-
enty-two thousand and sixty dollars and thirty-
eight cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay Jacob P. Leese, assignee of Thomas O.
Larkin, in conformity to a judgment of the
Court of Claims, rendered December twenty-
four, eighteen hundred and sixty, less the in-
terest and the sum paid on account, viz: the
balance of three thousand five hundred and
thirty-four dollars and thirty-live cents, which
sum'shall be in full satisfaction of all demands
against the Government for said account.
To pay Henry S. Halladay and Dyas T.
Parker the sum of seven thousand six hun-
dred and forty-two dollars, in full satisfaction
of a judgment in rem recovered in the district
court of the United Slates for the southern
district of Illinois, on the seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay for services rendered by employfis at the
Flathead and Blackl'eet agencies, in the Terri-
tory of Montana, and forsupplies furnished and
for traveling and incidental expenses of agents
during a period of about four years, commenc-
ing in eighteen hundred and sixty-five, ten thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-five dollars and
fifty-four cents.
To enable the Secretary ot' the Interior to
pay an indebtedness on account of Indian ser-
vice in California, incurred and left unpaid by
Charles Maltby, late superintendent of Indian
affairs, as per accounts in the Indian Office,
eight thousand four hundred and eighty-live
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay deficiencies incurred for the i ndian service
in California by Austin Wiley, former super-
intendent of Indian ati'airs, twenty thousand
five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay outstanding liabilities incurred in fitting
up the branch mint at Carson City since its
completion, thirty-oue thousand five hundred
and ninety-four dollars and fifty-six cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay John Finn the amount due him for sup-
plies furnished for the Indian serv.ee as per
audited vouchers on file in the Indian Office,
fifty-five thousand four hundred and forty dol-
lars and ninety-four cents.
To pay the outstanding indebtedness con-
tracted ill the Sioux Indian district, under act
of July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, vouchers for which have been ap-
proved by General Harney, and are now filed
. m the Interior Department, and have been
j[ or shall be approved by the Secretary of the
jl Interior, fifty-six thousand three hundred and
Sj fortv-seven dollars and thirty seven cents._
For the purchase by the Secretary of the
Interior of fifteen sets, or so many as may bo
necessary, of the United States Statutes-at-
Large, from volume one to nine, both inclu
sive, four hundred and seventy-two dollars and
fifty cents; and the judges of the circuit courts
of the United Slates who have not already
received them, shall, severally, be entitled to
receive, for bis use while in office, a copy of
each volume of the Statutes-at- Large, and also
a copy of each volume of the Reports of the
Supreme Court of the United States, succeed-
