1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
It is loo thin, as it appears to me, to justify
me in occupying more time .upon that point.
Now, I wish to say a word, and it shall be very
brief, on the subject of this minority question.
My friend from Indiana forgetting—if I may be
pardoned such an anachronism of speech—
what he has told us to-day about technicalities
and about going back to old musty law books,
and being troubled by any little constitutional
scruples, although in old-fashioned times a
man was thought to have a right to be troubled
with constitutional scruples, if with any scru-
ples, because he had sworn to support the
Constitution, but swearing does not amount to
much now-a-days, I suppose; my friend from
Indiana went back to old authorities in order to
show, as he thought, that the fifteen or twenty-
odd persons, whatever the number may be, who
were injected into this Legislature tiiis time,
who did not get a majority of votes, were law-
fully there. He controverted the committee
upon that point, and declared to us that the
common law authorized a minority candidate
to be seated if the majority one was ineligible.
He did not cite any authority for that; but
while I am on the common law I will read from
the latest authority on the subject, a Repub-
lican authority, the report of the Committee
of Elections, made by Mr. Dawes, its chair-
man, in the case of Smith vs. Brown, in the
House of Representatives in the year 18G8 ; a
very modern authority. Mr. Smith, the minority
candidate, (the majority man having been re-
jected on the ground that he was ineligible under
the fourteenth amendment,) claimed to be
seated. Mr. Dawes proceeds in a report which
exhausts the whole subject, historically and
otherwise, to show in the first place that, as
applied to such a case as this, it was not the
law of England, but that the ineligibility muat
be known distinctly to each voter, open and
notorious ; in the next place that the minority
candidate in that instance was seated by force
of an express act of Parliament. That dis-
posed of the English law. And now coming to
this country, here is what Mr. Dawes says:
"But the committcedo not find any such law regu-
lating elcotions m this country, in either branch ot
Congress, or in any State Legislature, as far as they
have been able to cxannno. Their attention lias
been called to no case, and it was not claimed beloro
the committee that as yet this rule, by which one
receiving only a minority of tho votes actually cast
had been adjudged elected, had ever been applied
in this country."
Then, after going on to numerous instances,
he further says :
"The right of representation is a sacred right,
which cannot bo taken away from tho majority.
Thai majority, by perversely persisting in casting its
vote for one ineligible can lose representation, but
never the right tu representation while tho Consti-
tution and the State government shall endure. It it
be inquired whether aloyal minority have no t rights
which are thus extinguished, tho answer is obvious.
If all arc legal voters the right of one is# no greater
than that of another; nor is ita valid objection that
by this rule one district alter another might bo loft
without a Representative until representation itsou
might be destroyed. The Constitution hasgivcnmto
the hands of Congress power by law to make, alter,
or amend all regulations as to the times, places, and
manner of electing Representatives. If this is power
enough to meet the exigency, it will be met when it
arises. If here is not power enough, then it cannot
belound in that instrument. When Congress has
by law thus regulated elections, this House can, by
resolution, conlorm its actions thereto, but not till
" The committee are therefore of opinion that tho
case does not come within tho law of the Lritisn
Parliament, for want of a sufficient notice to the
electors at tho polls of an ineligibility, known and
lixod by law;" —
And this was exactly this kind of ineligi-
bility, Senators will remember, ineligibility
under the fourteenth amendment—
"that the law of the British Parliament in this
n-u-t'cular has never been adopted in this country,
and is wholly inapplicable to tho system of govern-
ment under wliich wc live.
" The will of the majority, expressed m conformity
with established law, is the very basis on which rest
ihc foundations of our institutions, and any attempt
to substitute thcrelor tho will of a minority is an
attack uoon tho lundamcntal principles of the fcrov-
einment and, if successful, will prove their over-
throw. The committee shrink from this attack, and
therefore they recommend the adoption of thefol-
lowing resolution "—
Namely, that Mr. Smith was not entitled to
a seat. That resolution I find, on looking at
the Journals of the House of Representatives,
was adopted by a vote of 102 to 3'2 or 83, a
vote of more than three to one. I ask Sen-
ators to read that report, if they have time. I
commend it to the candid consideration of
Republican Senators who desireto stand up to
principles that are as essential to republican
liberty, and to the growth and strength of the
Republican party I will add—if this can be
considered as at all a party question—as any-
thing that can possibly exist.
So much for the common law; now I will
come to the musty case that my friend from
Indiana quoted from his own State, though he
decries to-day in his speech as a very improper
way of influencing legislative action the refer-
ring to law books or precedents or history.
He stated the other day that the principle for
which he contended had been not long since
established in this country by a decision of the
supreme court of his own State in the case of
a sheriff. I have taken the trouble to find that
case, although my distinguished friend could
not give me the name or date of it, and I per-
ceive that instead of supporting his proposi-
tion it goes step by step with the report of the
Judiciary Committee of this body, and states
the case, as far as we went, upon precisely the
ground that we stated it; and that is that in any
case where a minority candidate is to be seated
on account of the ineligibility of the majority
candidate it must affirmatively appear that the
people voting for the majority candidate indi-
vidually knew that the man they were voting for
could not take his seat, and must therefore be
presumed, as a matter of fact, to have intended
to throw away their votes and to permit the
minority candidate to come in. In the Indiana
case the court say:
"Then, while itis true that the votes of a major-
ity should rule, tho tenable ground appoars to bo
that if tho majority should vote for ono wholly
incapable of taking tho offico, having-notice of such
incapacity, or should perversely refuse or negligently
fail to express their eboiee, those, although a minor-
ity, who should legitimately choose ono oligiblo to
tho position should be heedod."—Indiana Jieports,
vol. X-t, Gulick vs. Now, p. 98.
That is the Indiana case, which states the
rule almost in words, I repeat, as the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary stated it in reporting
upon this Georgia question to this body. That
is the kind of authority which my distinguished
friend cites to uphold his proposition that the
minority men arc entitled to tho seats they
occupy. I do not wonder that my friend, if
lie looked at this case since he cited it, should
have felt bound to state to-day that cases were
not of much consequence to him.
Now, let us inquire for a minute, if it is of
any pertinence to this question, what the law
of Georgia is ? My friend said that this was
tho law of Georgia and the common law of
Georgia, because he confessed in express terms
that the provision in the code that my friend
from Oregon yesterday read had no applica-
tion to the case at all, as I will show presently
to be so; but I may take it upon the confession
of the leader, without any reference to it now,
that the code of Georgia has no application to
the case. He puts it upon the common law of
Georgia. Now, hear what the supreme court
of the State of Georgia said upon that subject
in 1802, before the rebellion, before this rebel
code as a code came into existence. The decis-
ion was in a ease where there was an effort on
tho part of a minority candidate for clerk and
treasurer of the city of Oglethorpe to be ad-
mitted into the offiee, beeausethe man who had
received a majority of the votes was ineligible;
and this decision has another advantage, that
of being very brief, so that Senators can listen
to it without impatience. Hear what the court
said about it by a unanimous opinion :
"Under no circumstances could we permit the in-
formant to be installed into these appointments, he
not having received a majority of the legal votes of
the city. Under sucli circumstances if the incum-
bent be removed a new election will be ordered."
That is the law of Georgia, unless the Sen-
ate should think that the authority of my dis-
tinguished friend from Indiana was more clear
and more forcible upon the subject of the law
of Georgia than the decisions of its own courts.
He says that the common law of Georgia (be-
cause he rightly discards the code, as being
untenable for this purpose) authorizes the seat-
ing of a minority candidate for an office if the
majority man is ineligible, whereas the supreme
courtofGeorgiaunauimousIydecided, and with
some indignation apparently at the effrontery
of the proposition, that under no circumstances
could a performance of that kind be tolerated
by the courts of that State.
But then, Mr. President, law is nothing but
a technicality, and so is the Constitution; it is
always a restraint upon free action. Now I
come to the code; and this is the most famous
thing of all. My friend from Indiana, who
studied it for a good while, and whom I respect
as a conscientious seeker after truth, became
satisfied, in spite of himself, that he could not
stand on the code to keep these twenty minor-
ity men in that Legislature, and so discarded
it. My friend from Oregon, who had not
studied it until quite recently, I suspect, 3eemed
to think that he could stand on it; and that
produces this singular circumstance, as my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] would
put it, that this rebel code of the confederate
States of America, which never had any legal
validity or existence whatever, which contains
the ordinance of secession and the confederate
constitution, and all the other species of legis-
lation hostile to the Government of the United
States, has at last become here the corner-
stone of humau rights! The people of the
State of Georgia are to be saved from anarchy,
from rapine, from violence, from murder, and
are to be saved from the Democracy, which
is a good deal worse, probably, by force of t he
confederate constitution and the code made
under it! There is a political climax for you.
Mr. President, that does not often happen.
This is the document, [exhibiting Irwin's
Code;] this thing, bathed thus in blood, if I
may refer to violence and bloodshed any more
to-day—we have had a great deal of it—this
thing is to be the authority for our imposing
upon the people of Georgia a set of gentlemen
for four years who have never been elected
at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the Senator
does not wish to misrepresent the facts in ref-
erence to this code. I find an act of the State
of Georgia adopting this code, dated the 19th
of December, 18G0. It is probable that in
some of its subsequent publications the other
acts referred to are included, but thecode itself
was made and adopted before the rebellion.
As far as that is concerned, the code is recog-
nized as the law of the State of Georgia. I
suppose the Senator does not controvert that
position.
Mr. 1SDMUNDS._ I was trying to find the
ordinance of secession in this volume.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think there is
any ordinance in it; I have never seen it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will find it presently.
This code the Senator says was adopted and
became a law on the 19th of December, 1860.
Perhaps tho first end of it was adopted at that
time ; but it contains on the nine hundred and
fifty-ninth page this little provision :
"An ordinance to dissolve the unionbetween the
State of Georgia and other States united with her
under a compactof government, entitled -j-"Q Con-
stitution of tho United States of America.
Wherein they proceed to declare that they do
not consider the Constitution of the United
States as of much consequence, and repeal the
Ordinance of 1788 by which they assented to
it, and further declare: " That the union now
subsisting between the State of Georgia and
