5508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
ment of so much importance as this on an
appropriation bill.
For these reasons, and many others which I
might statej I shall object to it. Let them wait.
They have waited some years1 already. Let
them wait a little while longer ; and perhaps
after awhile we may pay tlietti and forgive
them. I suppose when my friend from South
Carolina gets in his bill relieving everybody
from disabilities then these gentlemen-ought
to be paid ; but not now. I shall not vote lor
it to-night at any rate.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to offftr a reso-
lution, and hope that it may be adopted, but
not to apply to the present amendment, because
the Senate have voted to put this amendment
on the bill:
JResohedt That tho thirtieth nil a be amended by
adding thereto tho following: " and any pending
amendment to an appropriation bill may be laid on
the table without affecting tho bill."
Mr. HARLAN. That can be offered to-
morrow morning.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT, fs there objec-
tion to the proposition?
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but the
Senator from Kansas has ashed that this order
be made. Is there objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I objoct to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I give notice that
I shall ask for its consideration to-morrow
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. HARLAN. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment of the time of the Senate. I inferred
from the remarks of my honorable friend from
Massachusetts that, he was under the impression
that the law to which reference has been made
had not been modified ; that the same oath is
now required of officers that was required by
the terms of that law. He informed the Sen-
ate that every Senator when ho approached
the President's desk to take the official oath
had, in addition, to take that oath. Why, sir,
there are two Senators in this body now who
never took that oath. Did the Attorney Gen-
eral take it ? The Senator must have forgotten
that Congress long since has modified that
law. The oath is not now required of those
who cannot truthfully take it.
Mr. SUMNER. Who have been amnestied.
That, of course, is understood.
Mr. CAME HON. The Senator from Iowa
asks whether the Attorney General has taken
the oath. Does the Senator know whether ho
has or has riot?
Mr. HAHLAN. I do not know; but if he
is filling the office of Attorney General he doubt-
less has taken such oath as is now required by
law ; and if current history can be believed he
could not have taken the oath prescribed by
the law of 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He did not try to exer-
cise any office then.
Mr. HARLAN. No; he did not. My re-
marks are pertinent under this head: Congress
has seen proper to modify that law so that
persons who were engaged in the rebellion can
now serve the United States in civil offices, it
is not now a crime of so deep a dye as to render
a man ineligible to office. The mere fact that
he has fought against the Government of the
United States, that he has given aid and com-
fort to its enemies, is not in and of itself enough
to render a man ineligible to office.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me; unless he is
amnestied.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. The law then
may be relaxed in regard to just so many of
those gentlemen as Congress sees proper to
relieve.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If ho is a big enough
rebel to secure it.
Mr. HARLAN. As my honorable friend
from Illinois says, if the rebel is big enough
to challenge the generosity of Congress, he
may be relieved. Now, if Congress has the
power to relieve them, and has exercised that
power in relation to nearly all of those who
were engaged in the rebellion, and a few are
not relieved, may we not grant just so much
relief, relax the law just so far as to enable the
Government to pay for the services honestly
rendered by this class of officers? Admit that
they made a mistake, they were not entitled
to any salary for this service under tfie law as
it then existed ; they knew it; we all knew it;
everybody knew it; but those who made the
appointment, knowing that Congress who had
made the law would have the power to relax
it, believing that the necessity was so great as
to require this departure to be made, had faith
that Congress would relax it, and they were
appointed. . They then received these offices
innocently; tbey performed the services hon-
estly and faithfully. Ought they not to be paid
for the labor they have performed? I do not
maintain that they had a right to the money
under the law as it then existed, for if they
could have been paid under existing laws there
would be no necessity for the relief sought by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina
in offering this amendment. It is because
they could not be paid under the law as it
then existed that this amendment has become
necessary.
I know that the opposition made to this
amendment by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts does not spring from any inher-
ent native unkindness of his heart. I remember
his asking me at one time (if he will pardon
me for repeating a private conversation) what I
thought ought to be done with the rebels. This
conversation occurred very soon after the close
of the war. I said to him that I thought a few of
them ought to be hung—just enough to make
it odious to war on the Government of the Uni-
ted States ; one or two of each class. The hon-
orable Senator looked grave, as he often does
under such circumstances, and said he had
come to the conclusion that it would be wrong
to inflict capital punishment on any of them.
He thought that we ought to be able to close
up that fearful contest without the shedding of
any more blood. He would not therefore punish
these men under the law as it existed then. A
man who committed treason under the law, of
course had justly incurred the penalty of death.-
The law then required that such a one should
be hung by the neck until he was dead. That
was the law ; but the honorable Senator would
relax it, for reasons satisfactory to himself, and
which have proved satisfactory to the nation
and satisfactory to the world.
If it was right to relax the law then in that
regard, is it not right now to relax it in rela-
tion to payment for services honestly per-
formed, which the head of a Department, sus
tained by the President of the United States,
believed could not be secured at the time and
place in any other way?
Honorable Senators speak of this as if they
thought it was a pleasure to men to pay taxes.
Suppose these men had refused to accept these
trusts, and it should have resulted as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury believed, that compe-
tent men could not be secured in any other
way, what would have been the result? The
taxes would not have b'een collected. Your
ports were open. Goods would have come in.
They would have been sold. They would have
been distributed all over the States of the
South. Your revenue would have suffered.
The taxes' would not have been collected from
that source. How would it have been in rela-
tion to the internal revenue?
If these men had not accepted these offices,
and the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had proved true, the internal taxes would
hot have been paid. Who would have suf-
fered? Not the people of the South. They
would have been relieved from the paymentof
taxes. For the purpose of collecting the taxes
to fill the coffers of the nation these gentlemen
were tendered these offiees. They accepted
them with the belief on their part that they
would some time be paid, and they will some
time be paid. This nation cannot feel honest,
after having accepted their services, if it should
continue to Withhold just compensation. They
will receive it some time. Has not the time
arrived now when it can be done without det-
riment to the public interests? I bslieve the
time has come, and therefore I shall vote
cheerfully for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from South Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. There is an interlineation
in the amendment, which I wish to have read
before the vote is taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported as modified.
The Ghief Clerk read as follows!
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to aueh persons
.is were actually emiiloyed in the Insurrectionary
States, in connection with the Treasury Department
as officers of the United States during the year 1865
or 1S86, compensation at the rates provided by law
for service rendered assuch officers; and an amount
sufficient for that purpose is hereby appropriated
out of any money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. RICE. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Sr^r. Car-
penter.] If he were present he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
Corbett, Drake, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Johnston, McCrcery, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Robertson, Ross. Sawyer, Schurz, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thm-man, Vickcrs, Warner, Willey, and Wil-
liams—28.
NAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Conklinsc. Edmunds.
Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Scott, Sumner, Thayes, and
Ti umbull—10.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cragin, Davis, denton. Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morton, Norton, Osborn. Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Rev-
els, Rice. Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Tipton, Wilson, and Yates—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to offer two amend-
ments, and I offer them together, for the reason
that they are of the game character and ex-
plained by the same evidence. At the end of
the first section of the bill I move to insert
the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to indem-
nity E. II. Durfee & Co. for losses by depredations
of the Comanche Indians, $7,5tl 75.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
claims of Durfee & Peck, tor buildings erected at
Fort Union, Montana Territory, under the authority
of theUnited States Indian agent, and for depreda-
tions committed by a war party of Indians, jlb.iioo.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
point of order that those are private claims.
Mr. ROSS. If it. is iu order, I should like
to state that these items are in pursuance of
existing law, and recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and were transmitted to
us by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us sec the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If these items
are in accordance with existing law they would
be within the rule if they have been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations one day
i previously.
Si Mr. ROSS. They are in pursuance of the
intercourse act of 1834, and were transmitted
by the Secretary of the Interior, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations several
days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are then
in order under the rule.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we have done as
much business as we can to-night. 1 therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Pending -the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, the
