2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
other States, under the name of the ' United
States of America,' is hereby dissolved." I
do not mean to misrepresent the facts; I only
find the facts as I read them in the book.
Now, a little further 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask another question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure. I do not
wish to misrepresent the Senator. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. Did not the ordinance of
thoconstitutionalconvention adopt this Invin's
Code as the laws of the State of Georgia so
that it should go into cliect?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the book open
already to answer the question ; and here it is:
"An ordinance to declare null and void all laws
of Iho State of Georgia by winch money has been
raided for the purpose of parry ins; on ami sustaining:
the late war against, the United States, and ail notes,
bonds, and contracts founded 011 tho same."
And it contains in it a provision which has
the legal effect probably, so far as it is covered
by it, to make the provisions of this codo the
law of Georgia for the time being, and that is
this, after providing upon the main question :
" But this special adoption of the ordinances here-
in quoted shall not bo construed to afHrm any other
of a purely legislative character passed by said con-
vention, but such acts shall havo forco as law in
accordance with the provisions of tho soveral con-
firming nets adopted by this convention and this
constitution."
And 1 think there is another ordinance some-
where which refers to this code, so far as it is
not of a political character, as being the law
of Georgia for the time being. But now comes
another curious coincidence, and on this very
point I beg my friend from Oregon in all frank-
ness to listen to me. The colored members
of the Legislature of the State of Georgia were
expelled from that Legislature under the ex-
press authority of a provision of this very code,
which says that only white men shall be entitled
to be elected to any office whatever. It was
because the rebels there contended that this
code had got into operation and was the law
of Georgia, when the constitution of Georgia
does not say that colored men shall hold office
.my more than the fifteenth amendment does,
:i3 it ought to have done; when it was silent
on the subject, and the law must be referred
to in order to know who could hold office, this
code, which my friend says is tho law of Geor-
gia for political purposes, declares that colored
mp.n shall not sit at all. If it is law for the
colored man, is it not law for the white man
too? I think so.
What is the answer to that? The answer is
obvious, that tho proper construction of the
ordinance of tho convention which gave this
code any vitality at all, referred purely to legis-
lative proceedings and provisions of lav/ that
related to private rights between man and
man, and did not touch the political organ-
izationor the political rights of any man in
the State whatever. It was upon that ground
that wo were enabled to get around it in com-
mittee, and that tho supreme court of Geor-
gia, as far as they did get around this pro-
vision in the code, which, if it permits minor-
ities to be seated, also excludes colored men.
That is to say, itdoes not touch at all the ques-
tion of elections, which are political rights;
and I think that is the fair construction.
Now, let us go a little further and see what
this provision is after all. It is found in an '
act under Iho head of 11 the executive depart-
ment," and it says, as my friend rightly read :
"Thefoilowing persons are held and deemed in-
eligible to hold any civil ofuee in this State, and tho
existence oi either of the tollowing state of facts is
a sufficient reason for vacating any office held by
such person ; but the acts of such person, whilo
holding a commission, are valid as tho acts of an
officer dcfacto."
Then it gives the list, and one item is:
" Persons holding any office of profit and trust
under the government of the confederate States,
other than that of postmaster."
It would seem that this code was speaking
about the confederate States on the very page
that my friend says was in force on the 19tli
of December, 1800:
"If at any popular election to fill any office tho
person elected isinelisiblo under tho foregoing rules,
the person having the noxt highest number of votes
who is eligible, whenever a plurality elects, shall be
dcolared ©looted, and be qualified and commissioned
to such offico."
None of "the foregoing rules " apply to the
case of these persons at all; not one of them,
except, perhaps, the last one, which covers
persons "for any cause constitutionally dis-
qualified." What constitution is referred to?
The very constitution named only five lines
above, the constitution of the confederate States
of America. These people were not disquali-
fied under that. They were qualified under that
if anything ; thoroughly qualified. But any-
body who chooses to read this will see that it
refers entirely to commissioned officers under
the executive department.of the Government,
and it names who they are, and says how they
shall be commissioned in the very same chap-
ter, among whom are not senators and repre-
sentatives in the General Assembly of tho State
of Georgia; on the contrary, it makes a plain
distinction in terms:
"Tho resignation of Senators and Representatives
in Congress, and mombers of the General Assembly,
and of all officers whoso commissions issue from the
offico of secretary of State or tho executive depart-
ment. and whose places may be supplied by execu-
tive appointment, shall be made to tho Governor."
There it speaks of two classes of persons,
those who are commissioned officers and those
who are not commissioned officers. This dis-
qualification in express terms, in the connec-
tion in which it is written, refers to executive
officers who receive commigsionsfrom the Gov-
ernor. Does my friend from Oregon hold that
a member of the house of representatives of
the State of Georgia receives a commission
from tho Governor, that he is a commissioned
officer named in that chapter? I am sure he
will not if he will read it through, as a matter
of truth aud fairness.
So, then, it is obvious, if Senators will take
time to reflect upon it and read it, that we may
as well have the truth, as it-is stated by the
Senator from Indiana that this code has noth-
ing to do with the question whatever; it has no
application to it. More than that, as I stated
tho other day, the very ground upon which we
reported in 1869 the December bill was that
this code had no application to the seating of
tho minority mombers; that was done by the
Democracy, and we did that upon the express
assertion of Governor Bullock himself and his
friends, who were before us in the committee,
who denied what tho other side asserted when
the debate opened before the committee, that
this code had anything to do with it; and then
wo challenged them to produce the code, and
they did, and the adversary gave it up. The
Democracy, those who had seated their own
minority candidates under pretense of the code,
when they came to face themselves with the
code, confessed that they were mistaken ; and
that confession was made upon the assertion
of Governor Bullock and his friends, that it
was an outrage and that ths code did not touch
it. Now, as my friend has said, the cases were
different in the fact that there was a double
reason existing in that case for restoring them,
because thevacancy created there was an illegal
vacancy. They ought not to have expelled the
negroes. That is true; but the point was dis-
tinctly made before the committee and as dis-
tinctly determined upon in the way and upon
the confession I state.
I do not know, Mr. President, but that look-
ing a thing right in the face is a little old-fash-
ioned ; but as I said awhile ago, if we are to
do this thing, do not let us add to more force
what, so far as my action would go, would be
dishonesty. If we are to do it, let us say plainly
and flatly, as the gentleman to whom I referred
a little while ago did, that we do not care what
the constitution of Georgia or of the United
States is; we do not care what the law is;
human rights require us to protect the people
of Georgia from violence by giving office to a
set of men for two years more, and we will do
it. There is nothing to be gained by under-
taking to deceive ourselves or anybody else by
professing that we are doing a thing under color
of law when anybody who will look at it and
study it will find that there isnot any law which
will authorize the thing.
That, Mr. President, is all there is of this
question when you speak to the question.
There are only two horns to this dilemma;
either the law authorizes us and the Consti-
tution authorizes us to adopt this amendment,
or it does not. Whether it does or not is a
matter of law, is a question of fair consider-
ation. It does depend, in spite of the Senator
from Indiana, or in spite of my friend from
Massachusetts, upon an intellectual consider-
ation of printed statutes and constitutions; and
feeling, interest, sympathy, do not help us on
these questions where the words are plain. It
may be that the Constitution is an obstacle, and
undoubtedly it is, to what myfriend would wish
to do and what in a certain way I also would
wish to do, and am ready to do ; but there is a
difference between us. What pains me so
much is to have tho successful accomplishment
of this object so embarrassed and so delayed
in the house of its friends, and to see my friend
from Massachusetts, with whom I stood so long
to try to get "office-holding" put into the
fifteenth amendment, and my friend from Indi-
ana, who has been so long of our party and so
consistently of our party, deserting the true
cause and going over to the enemy, playing
into the hands of the Democracy here in trying
to carry a measure which is to defeat itself,
instead of going over the safe and constitutional
bridge, which is provided, I may say, by my
friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.] He pro-
poses to provide for this election in accordance
with the Constitution, to keep our hand upon
this State until we see whether it can be safely
admitted ornot. It pains me beyond measure ;
but I yield to my friends from Massachusetts
and Indiana the right to differ with me. Ican-
not help it; but they will be satisfied in the
end, I am sure, that I am right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word
without protracting discussion. I do not think
the distinguished Senator from Vermont has
demolished the position I took yesterday in
reference to this code, or impaired that posi-
tion, though he lias attempted to treat it very
much as a village lawyer did Greenteaf's Evi-
dence in a justice's court in the State of Iowa.
When the other lawyer produced Greenleaf on
Evidence as authority, objection was made to
its admissibility on the ground that Greenleaf
in the preface remarked that he felt incompe-
tent to write a book on the subject of evidence;
and so tho justice ruled the book out, and
decided that it was not authority, manifestly,
upon the admission of its author. [Laughter.]
Nov/, the distinguished Senator has under-
taken to remove this code out of existence,
the only body of laws in the State of Georgia,
by trying to connect with it the odious name
of the confederacy, when he must know that it
is to-day the law of the State of Georgia, and
is so treated and regarded by all the courts of
that State. He did not refer to the article in
the constitution which makes it expressly the
law of the State of Georgia. I will read what
the article says on that subject:
"The laws of general operation in foroo in this
State are:
".!• As the supreme law, the Constitution of the
United States, the laws of the United States in pur-
suance thereof, and all treaties made tinder the
authority of the United States.
As nex t in authority thereto, this constitution.
-.1 subordination to tho foregoing: All acts
passed by any legislative body sitting in this State as
such, since the 19th day of January, 1861, including
t hat body of laws known as the code of Georgia, and
the acts amendatory thereof, or passed since that
time, which said code and acts are embodied in the
printed book known as * Irwin's Code.'"
There this code is expressly adopted as the
