3620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
wu to raske business for them fat her vovagsl.
Is it worth the while to kill oat an industry
that furnishes instances like that?
I know that Great Britain is pointed to as
an example of the success attendant upon the
repeal of navigation laws and the admission of
all vessels under her flag. How is that ? What
i3 the example afforded by a oareful scrutiny
of the history of Great, Britain in regard to
ship-building and commerce attendant upon
it ? The argument is precisely the other way.
The navigation laws of Great Britain, like all
navigation laws, have double heads; they relate
not only to the nationality of vessels—that is,
whnt shall be considered as national vessels,
with all their privileges—but also to commerce
aud the restrictions upon the carrying of pro-
duets to or from the ports of the country.
From the earliest day Great Britain pnrsued
the restrictive policy. Her navigation laws
were early enacted. The first navigation aet,
the statute of 1 and & liichard II, chapter three,
provides that "no subject of the king shall ship
any merchandise outward or homeward save
in shipsof the king's allegiance, on penalty of
the forfeiture of vessel and cargo." Both the
vessel and the commerce is restricted.
Mr. GARFIELD> of Ohio. In what year
was that statute enacted ?
Mr. HALE. In the year 1881. This aot
was repealed in the time of Elisabeth; but an
act was substituted regulating and restricting
commerce and navigation—an enactment pro-
viding that exports and imports in foreign bot-
toms must pay double duties. This restrictive
policy was continued, with occasional modifi-
cations, until after the great rebellion of 16-10.
When that contest was over Great Britain was
in a condition similar to ours at the present
time. Her commerce was prostrate the Dutch
were securing the ascendency upon all the seas
of the world. There was a clamor for Parlia-
ment to intensify measures to protect British
navigation. Then it was provided, in 1651,
that "no goods or commodities whatever of
the growth, production, or "manufacture of
Asia, Africa, or America, including our own
plantations, shall be imported either into Eng-
land or Ireland or any of the plantations,
except''—what ? Except in English-lwilt ships
owned by English subjects, navigated by Eng-
lish commanders, and with three fourths of the
sailors Englishmen.
There is the example of England when she
was in a condition more nearly analogous to
our own situation to day than any other that I
can find. She went on in that policy until after
our war of the Revolution and the emerging of
the American Republic into a nationality and a
commercial Power. A new element of com-
petition was then arrayed against Great Brit'
ain; and it was found that one branch of the
navigation laws caused trouble—the law in
relation to the carrying of products. England
had a law which provided that no produce or
manufacture of America should be oaTried to
England in any other than English ships. We
retaliated, and provided by law that no pro
duce or manufacture of England sbou Id be
brought to America in any other than Amer-
ican ships. The result was that American
ships went across the Atlantic to Liverpool in
ballast, followed by English ships carrying
cotton and tobacco; and on the other hand,
English ships crossed the Atlantic to the Uni-
ted States in ballast followed by American
ships laden with calicoes, cutlery, hardware,
earthenware, and iron.
What did Great Britain then do? In 1815.
under the ministry of Mr. Huskisson, it was
found that she was in such a condition with
reference to this carrying trade that she had
as much to gain as she had to lose by reciprocity.
In other words,'she could get us many freignts
as she could give. Hence, England entered
into a compact with the United States providing
that oor vessels might import goods into Im-
ports, and that in return British goods might be
imported into this country in British bottoms.
Thus there tm rtefpvoeity «o fiu «s that was
concerned; and hence she could afford, so far
as the carrying commerce was concerned, to
open this trade and compete for it with our
vessels. To that extent her navigation laws
were repealed.
t But this action cannot be quoted upon the
other branch of the subject. She did nothing
to open to her ship-owners markets of the world
for the purchase of vessels. Why? She had
been fbr years struggling on with other nations
who could build vessels more cheaply than she
could. She needed to stimulate and protect
and hem round her own manufacturing indus-
try. She continued to do so till the discussion
and agitation in 1848^-49) and then for the first
time the navigation acts of Great Britain were
repealed, and her subjects were allowed to pur-
chase vessels elsewhere. But why was this?
Because she had protected and stimulated her
ship-building industry to such a point that she
could gain more by selling than by continuing
her restriction. But did she do this, as we ore
asked to do it, in the day of prostration, with
i' ship-yards deserted and commerce dying? No:
!' she continued her policy of restriction until
| she had changed the conditions and was in
position to outbuild the world in cheapness,
i Our course has been the same in America.
I cannot go over this except briefly. From the
beginning we began to protect; we discrimin-
ated on different acts.
By the act of Congress of July 20, 1790, we
discriminated on a tonnage tax to the extent
j of putting upon vessels built here after July,
i 1790, and in part or wholly owned by foreigners,
a tax of twenty cents a ton, upon other vessels
fifty cents a ton, while upon American vessels
the tax was but six cents per ton. By the act
of June 27, 1797, it is provided that vessels
captured by or sold to foreigners shall not receive
1 a new register, but shall be foreign vessels. The
act of May 8, 1792, perfects our registry laws,
and jealously guards the privilege of American-
,, built vessels. It was not until after the treaty
| of 1815, to which I hive before referred, that
j Congress removed discriminating duties from
j certain British vessels for'the reasons I have
!j given as applying to Great Britain. We recog-
; nize the same principle afterward in treaties
made with other Powers. But we have never
allowed & foreign-built ship to come under our
flag by any general law ; they have always
been excluded. Theactof February 10, 1865,
■forbids the registration of American vessels put
under foreign' flags by the owners. The only
general exception is in case of foreign vessels
wrecked in oar waters, purchased as wrecks,
and repaired to snch au extent that it becomes
virtually rebuilding.
Mr. Speaker, I bare promised to give the
last half of my hour to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr, Allison.] I see that ray time is
nearly run out I have only had opportunity
to dwell upon oao phase of the opposition1 to
this bill. The propositions that I have here
1 combated, if adopted, will, I beliete, cause the
entire destruction of American ship-building.
I do not deny the proper force of the argument,
so often heard of late, that iron vessels are sup
planting wooden ones. This must be so to a
I considerable degree; but the day has not ret
' come when the white sail is to be banished
i -from the seas. Commerce is to extend and
aagment wonderfully in the next thirty years.
There will bo work for sail and steam. We
should bnild both. We have the materials tit
hand. No ingenuity is more conning than
ours, no enterprise more audacious than that
of our capitalists and mechanics. There is no
direction in which Government can so fittingly
stimulate as in this. We have waited almost
too long already. Our foreign rivals are now
speculating oh their entire supremacy upon the
seas. Will the American Congress let these
speculations be realized?
I will now yield the remaining portion of my
time So th« gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Ai.le-
I soif,] according to agreement.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, in the brief
time allotted to this discussion I do not expect
to do more than call attention to some of the
features of the pending bill, which by the
technical motion of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] is not now open to amendment,
De having entered amotion to recommit to the
committee. That motion he will, of course,
withdraw when he brings the House to a vote
on the bill, allowing only just such amend-
ments as he may choose to have made, and none
others. He tells us, I know, that he will allow
any amendment to be made that is not made
in a factious spirit, and not made for the pur-
pose of killing the bill, still leaving the whole
matter within bis discretion. If the previous
question be not seoonded, and I hope it wiil
not be, then full opportunity will be afforded for
amendment. If it be seconded, then, of course,
all amendments we may desire to offer will be
cut off.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not stop here to
discuss the question of the decline of our
foreign commerce, for that has been fully dis-
cussed by other gentlemen in this debate. The
cause of its decline has been ably stated by
other gentlemen, and especially by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood.] We all
agree, so far as our foreign commerce is con-
cerned, there is a necessity for something to
be done if we would have the carrying trade,
or a large portion of it, in American bottoms.
In addition to the causes stated by other gen-
tlemen of the decline of American tonnage,
I call attention to one other, which has not
yet been mentioned ; that is, when our war of
the rebellion begun, in 1861, the Government
of the United States impressed into its service
all available vessels, thus withdrawing them
from the uses of our commerce, and allowing
Great Britain and other nations to step in ana
secure the carrying trade given up by the vessels
taken by the Government for war purposes.
I object to this bill, Mr. Speaker, because it
does not in my judgment propose to revive our
foreign commerce, at least it will not have the
effect to revive our foreign commerce, while it
does a great many things which in my judg-
ment it ought not to do. The first section of
the bill applies not only to our foreign com-
merce but to our domestic commerce as well.
Under our navigation laws American ship-
owners and navigators have the exclusive
control of the coasting trade from Maine to
Alaska, which includes-our trade along the
whole Atlantic coast and up the Pacific coast
to Alaska, under the construction which has
been given to our laws. They have, therefore,
an uncontrollable power over this commerce.
No ship can engage in(this commerce that is
not built out of American material and by
American ship-builders, and :io vessel can
carry a pound of product'of any kind unless
aueh vessel is absolutely bWned and controlled
by American citizens. Now, will any gentle-
man on this floor, tfill the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. LtxcB] who has charge of this
bill claim that any bounty or atty subsidy is re-
quired for the purpose of protecting the coast-
ing trade oftbe United States when no foreign-
built vessels can engage, in it, and when no
foreign material of any kind Cau be used for
the purpose .of building these vessels unless,
of course, such material pays the import duty?
It seems to me, therefore, perfectly clear that
to vote, a subsidy to these ship builders and to
the ship-owners engaged in our coasting-trade
is to allow them to put their hands, to the ex-
tent of the subsidy1 and bounty allowed by this
bill, into the pockets of the people of" the
United States without giving them any resulting
benefit whatever.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to inquire of my friend from Iowa whether, if
the bill were relieved of the objection he makes
with reference to the coasting trade, and if the
subsidy were made to apply only to vessels
engaged in the foreign trade, he would in that
case support it?
