718
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ing the third volume of Wallace's Reports, and
such copies of th[e] statutes and reports re-
ceived by any one of the said judges, shall,
upon his resignation, removal from otlice, or
death, be delivered up to his successor in office.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for payment for services ren-
dered and supplies furnished for and on account
of the Indian service at the Fort Berthold
agency, Dakota Territory, as recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior in a commu-
nication to the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, dated February sixteen, eighteen
hundred and seventy, the sum of sixty-three
thousand two hundred and three dollars and
five cents, or so much thereof as shall be found
by the Secretary of tho Interior upon examin-
ation to be justly due.
To reimburse B. M. Sargent money expended
by him in carrying out a contract with the Post
Office Department for mail service from Low-
ell, Massachusetts, to adjacent points, two
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
indemnify A. M. Adams lor losses by depre-
dations committed by Kiowa and Comanche
Indians in eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
twenty-nine thousand four hundred and ninety-
two dollars and sixty-two cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the claim of Mr. Baca y Salasarfor depre-
dations committed by the Navajo Indians in
New Mexico, nine thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the account of Harvey
D. Scow, for his per diem and mileage as com-
missioner for the examination of the fix'St ten
miles of the Minnesota Southern railroad, in
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, under the
appointment of the Secretary of the Interior,
three hundred and sixty-four dollars and ten
cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the account of Harvey D.
Scott, for his per diem and mileage as com-
missioner for the examination of the first ten
miles of the Minnesota Valley railroad, in eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, under the appoint-
ment of the Secretary of the Interior, four hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars and forty cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the account of Pardon II.
Sibley for his per diem and mileage in attend-
ing tho session of the board of Government
commissioners, directors, and engineers assem-
bled by the Secretary of the Interior at Wash-
ington, for the purpose of establishing a stand-
ard for I he Pacific railroad, two thousand and
sixty-three dollars.
For additional pay heretofore withheld from
William Syphax, to equalize his compensation
with that ol ail assistant messenger, two thou-
sand one hundred and eighty dollars.
To enable the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey to make observations in Europe on the
eclipse of the sun next December, twenty-nine
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to reim-
burse the owners of the Norwegian bark Gen-
eral Birch lor the expenses incurred by them
in iho rescue and care of thirty-four American
citizens, master and crew of the American ship
Dreadnought, wrecked on Cape Penas, on the
fourth of .Inly, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine. three thousand two hundred and thirty-
nine dollars, in gold.
lo pay C. B. li. Fessenden for amount found
due hitn as collector of the port of New Bed-
ford, for commissions on light house disburse-
ments outside of his district, three thousaud
four hundred and twenty-five dollars and sev-
enteen cents.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also
for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the funds
arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
in the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and previous years,
and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits
in which the United States are concerned,
including legal assistance to the Attorney Gen-
eral, and other special and extraordinary ex-
penditures in cases of the Supreme Court of
the United States in which the United States
are concerned, and of prosecutions for offenses
committed against the United States, and for
the safe-keeping of prisoners, one million two
hundred thousand dollars.
To secure the making of a contract by the
Secretary of War with Henry K. Brown, of
Newburg, New York, for a bronze equestrian
statue of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield
Scott, fifteen thousand dollars, in addition to
the sum appropriated by the joint resolution
for that purpose, approved March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
For special agent to report on the trade be-
tween the United States and the dependencies
of Great Britain in North America, as provided
for by joint resolution approved June twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and seventy, four thou-
sand dollars.
For geographical surveys and military reeon-
nois[s]ances west of the Mississippi river, one
hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to defray the
necessary expenses of the Bureau of Ordnance
and its officers, in connection with the court
of inquiry, held in eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
and of which Major General George II. Thomas
was president, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
advertisement, notice, or proposal for any
executive department of the Government, or
for any bureau thereof, or for any office there-
with connected, shall be published in anynews-
paper whatever, except in pursuance of a writ-
ten authority for such publication from the head
of such Department; and no bill, for any such
advertising, or publication, shall be paid, unless
there be presented, with such bill, a copy of
tho written authority aforesaid.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed to authorize the Light-House Board
to properly mark all pier-heads belonging to
the Government on the northern and north-
western lakes, when completed or repaired,
and duly notified of such completion or repairs
by the Department in charge of such construc-
tion or repairs; and the provision requiring
that five of the six revenue-cuttera upon the
northern and northwestern lakes be laid up is
hereby repealed, and as many of them as the
Secretary of the Treasury, in his discretion,
shall put in commission, shall be specially
charged with aiding vessels in distress on said
lakes, and the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
discretion, shall be and is authorized to sell
two of said revenue-cutters,now on the north-
ern lakes, for such consideration and under
such regulations as he may prescribe, and that
the proceeds be covered into the Treasury.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That there
is hereby appropriated the sum of three thou
sand five hundred dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, for the erection in the
Congressional Cemetery of monuments in
memory of those Representatives who have
died since eighteen hundred and sixty; said
monuments to be of uniform size and style with
those previously erected; and this sum to be
disbursed under the direction of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, upon contracts
made by him with the lowest responsible bid-
ders therefor, after due public notice given.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
mayor of the city of Washington, the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, the architect of
the Capitol extension, and their successors in
office, together with two men to be appointed
by the mayor of the city of Washington, by and
with the advice and consent of the board of
aldermen of said city, are hereby appointed a
commission who shall cause the Washington
city canal, either in whole or in part, to be
dredged, or, if deemed best, dredged and nar-
rowed, or arched and converted into a sewer;
and for the purpose of making this improve
ment, the corporate authorities of the city of
Washington are hereby authorized and directed
to levy and collect a tax of one hundred thou-
sand dollars upon all taxable property in said
city, for defraying part of the expenses thereof,
and the sum of fifty thousaud dollars is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
defraying in part the expenses of the same;
and out of any moneys arising from the sale
of any real estate, should any take place belong-
ing to said canal, the Government shall first
be indemnified for any moneys hereby appro-
priated ; tho improvements aforesaid to he
paid for at the rate of one third by the Govern-
ment and two thirds by the city as the work
progresses, and the total expenditure not to
exceed the amount herein provided for.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the
corporation of Washington shall have power to
issue certificates of indebtedness not to exceed
in amount two hundred thousand dollars in
addition to the sum heretofore authorized, and
to bear interest at the rate of seven and three
tenths per centum per annum, and to be re-
deemable within five years from the date of
issue. The said certificates not to be of a less
denomination than fifty dollars, and to he
receivable for taxes due said corporation to
such amount yearly as said corporation may
designate by law; not, however, to exceed
fifty per centum of the amount due by any tax-
payer. And said certificates shall be used for
no other purpose than the payment of the
ascertained indebtedness of the corporation of
Washington to the sixth day of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to purchase
two exhaust fans, one engine, exhaust pipes,
and so forth, for the removal of the impure air
of the Senate Chamber, and there is hereby
appropriated the sum of fiye thousand dollars
to purchase the same, or so much thereof as
may be necessary: Provided, That the im-
provements be made under the supervision of
the engineer of tho Senate, and that the joint
Committee on Ventilation be directed to inquire
into the practicability and expense of making
such alterations in the Senate Chamber and the
Hall of the House of Representatives as will
bring said Chamber and Hall to the exterior
of the building.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the
act approved March three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, making an appropriation for
the completion of the custom-house, court-
house. and post-office building in Knoxville.
East Tennessee, was intended to include and
revive, and shall be deemed and held to include
and revive, all former unexpended appropria-
tions for the same object.
Sec. (J. And be it further enacted, That the
payment for transportation of public stores,
provided for iti "a resolution for the relief of
John E. Reeside," passed by the present, Con-
gress, shall be made in accordance with the
orders and decrees of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to ascertain, or cause to be
ascertained, the amount of expense necessarily
incurred by the territorial authorities of Mou-
taua for arms and supplies of the volunteer
