18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
Lows of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
forces called out to suppress Indian hostilities
in the Territory of Montana in the year eight-
een hundred and sixty seven, and report to
Congress at the next session the names of the
persons entitled to relief, together with a state-
ment of the facts and sums upon which such
report may be based.
Sec. 11. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to pay such persons as were actually employed
in the insurrectionary States in connection wi'h
the Treasury Department, as officers of the
United States, during the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five or eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, in connection with the revenues of
the Government-, compensation at the rates
provided by law for service rendered as such
officers, and an amount sufficient for that pur-
pose is hereby appropriated out of any money
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 12. Andbeit further enacted, That two
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated to construct
a good and substantial pier of stone or iron in
the Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in Sussex
county, in the State of Delaware, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
it may and shall be lawful for the president,
directors, and company of the Junction and
Breakwater railroad, in the State of Delaware,
to extend their railroad upon and over said
pier, and freely to use said pier in connection
with their saidroad, subject to such regulations
aud charges for maintenance and repairs as the
Secretary of War may adopt.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed to
withhold patents for any portion of the lands
known as the Black Bob Indian lands in Kan-
sas, and also to withhold his approval of all
tu'.usfersof said lands, and to permit peaceable
occupancy by all settlers or Indians now resid-
ing thereon, until further action of Congress in
relation thereto, without prejudice to existing
rights.
Approved, July 13, -1870.
Chap. CCXCIII.—An Act making Additional
Appropriations aud to supply the Deficien-
cies in the Appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal years ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and June thirty, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, and for other purposes.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated tor the
objects hereinafter expressed, namely :
department op justice.
Office of the Attorney General:
For salary of the Solicitor General, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For additional salary of two Assistant Attor-
neys General, two thousand dollars.
For additional salary of solicitor of internal
revenue, one thousand dollars.
For salary of stenographic clerk, two thou-
sand dollars.
For three additional fourth-class clerks, five
thousand four hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz: for fuel,
labor, and miscellaneous items, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
For stationery and books, one thousand
dollars.
For additional contingent, because of the
transfer to the Department of Justice of the
solicitor of internal revenue, naval solicitor,
and the law office of the Department of State ;
for stationery and books, one thousand dol-
lars.
For the salaries of three commissioners ap-
pointed for the revision and consolidation of
the statutes of the United States, for one year,
at five thousand dollars each, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the reasonable incidental expenses of
the commission for clerk hire, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
war department.
For clerks in the office of chief of ordnance,
two thousand dollars, to supply an omission
in the total amount for that office for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one.
treasury department.
In the office of the Comptroller of the
Currency:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, two clerks of class two, and three
clerks of class one, nine thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For ventilating the attic rooms iu the west
wing of the Treasury Department building,
twelve thousand dollars.
For ventilating the attic rooms in the east
wing, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the Treasury building,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For file cases, shelving for vaults, permanent
counters, desks, tables, and other necessary
fixtures, and for renovation of walls and floors,
for the proper arrangement and preservation
of the records and files of the Treasury Depart-
ment, twenty-three thousand eight hundred and
twenty-five dollars and thirty-two cents.
For fitting, putting up, and casing old vaults,
for casing, and shelving, and for book-casesfor
records in the offices of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and others, fourteen thousand and
thirty-five dollars: Provided, That hereafter
no alteration shall be made, or work done upon
the Treasury building, except for ordinary
repairs, except upon authorization of and in ac-
cordance with specific appropriations therefor.
For fuel, lights, and water for public build-
ings throughout the United States, under the
control of the Treasury Department, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For balance due on completion of the cus-
tom-house at Ogdensburg, New York, seven
hundred and one dollars and eighty-eight cents.
For continuing the construction of the cus-
tom-house building at Charleston, South Caro-
lina, in accordance with the modified plans of
the supervising architect of the Treasury, as
submitted in his letter of June twenty-ono,
eighteen hundred and seventy, addressed to
the Secretary of the Treasury, one hundred
thousand dollars: Provided, That no further
sum than two hundred and ninety-eight thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five dollars and
forty-six cents shall be appropriated or ex-
pended by the Government for the entire com-
pletion of said building and its approaches.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase a parcel of ground, twenty feet by
one hundred feet, adjoining and on the east
side of the site of the United [States] court-
house and post office building at Springfield,
Illinois, three thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
house of representatives.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the House of Representatives, six
thousand one hundred and six dollars and
fifty cents. And that there be appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of seven hundred
dollars each, per annum, to the chief, Journal,
assistant disbursing, file, printing, petition,
stationery, and engrossing clerks of the House;
and the sum of four hundred and five dollars
per annum to the librarian in charge of the
Hall library; and the sum of four hundred and
five dollars per annum to the assistant libra-
rian in charge of the Hall library; and the
sum of three hundred and sixty dollars per
annum to the clerk of the Committee of Claims;
and t.o the reading clerks and tally clerk, three
hundred and forty dollars each, for the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, as provided for by resolutions
of the House of the first session of the said
Congress.
For folding documents, including materials,
five thousand five hundred and four dollars
and twenty-seven cents.
For clerks to committees and temporary
clerks, ten thousand four hundred and seventy-
five dollars and twenty cents.
For laborers, two thousand four hundred
and eighty-three dollars and eighty cents.
For miscellaneous items, to defray the ex-
penses of the Committee on Education and
Labor, incurred during their late investigation,
one thousand dollars.
For additional expenses of the Committee
on the Ninth Census, to be added to the con-
tingent fund of the House, two hundred and
ten dollars. To Dr. Edward Jarvis, of Dor-
chester, Massachusetts, for services rendered
to Committee on the Ninth Census, five hun-
dred dollars.
To pay the official reporters of the Globe in
each House the amount which the Comptroller
of the Treasury may find severally due them
for services during the sessions of the Forty-
First Congress, under the eighteenth section
of the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and for other purposes, approved
July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
For ceiling with iron laths under the copper
roof of the Hall of the House of Representa-
tives, and for additional glass panels, flues,
doors, and apparatus for improving the light-
ing and ventilating of said Hall, to be expended
under the direction of the architect of the Cap-
itol, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the Senate, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred paid seventy,
for miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses,
and carryalls, five thousand dollars.
For the payment of the necessary expenses
incurred by the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment in investigating the contracts of
the Navy Department for steam machinery,
three hundred and fifty-eight dollars and four
cents: Provided, That the appropriation of
seventy-eight, thousand dollars for lithograph-
ing for the Patent Office, in the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill for
the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, is hereby carried to the l'und
for lithographing and engraving for the Senate
and House of Representatives.
miscellaneous.
To pay the Government of Peru the sum of
fifty-seven thousand and and forty dollars in
coin, being the amount awarded to Esteban
G. Montano by the joint commission at Lima,
Peru, February twenty-five, eighteen hundred
[and] seventy, acting under the claims con-
vention between the United States and Peru,
of December four, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
To meet a deficiency in the appropriation
for the legislative expenses of the Territory
of Montana, ten thousand dollars.
For printing the journal of the Legislative
Assembly of ihe Territory of Montana for the
second and third sessions of the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, four thousand three
