1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5509
Senator from Pennsylvania rnoves that (Jjg
Senate do now adjourn,
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CAMERON. X ask for the yeas and
nays. ["No!" "No!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
three Senators rising to second the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Ross.]
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr, ROSS, I will not debate the question,
but I should like to have a division.
Mr. STEWART. Let the question be put
again.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) Certainly.
It ought to be understood that this is a private
claim, and ought to go on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
decided that it is not a private claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ibegpardonof the Chair.
I ought to have addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
thought.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not mean any dis-
respect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont differs from the opinion of the
Chair it is subject to reversal by the Senate.
Mr, EDMUNDS, If the Chair will allow me,
the Senator trom Vermont has a right to have
an opinion of his own, even if it does differ
from that of the Chair; and my opinion is that
this is a private claim. "But as the Senate have
decided that a private claim, under certain cir-
cumstances, may go on the bill if in accord-
ance with existing law, I felt that I was not out
of order in suggesting that, although for a pri-
vate claim, this amendment might be adopted.
Mr. PQMBRO Y. But a private claim, if it
is in harmony with existing law, can be put on
an appropriation bill; and this amendment, the
Chair has very properly decided, is in harmony
with the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thought
the Senator from Vermont wag challenging the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont had no intention of that kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was three
times repeated, and the Chair supposed, there-
fore, it was intended for the ear of the Chair.
The Senator from Kansas demands a division
on this amendment.
Theamendinent was agreed to—ayes twenty-
one, noes not counted.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted as additional sections :
And be it further enacted, That $2-15,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated to consrruct a good and sub-
stantial pier of stono or iron in the Delaware bay, at
or near Lewes, in Sussex county, in the State of Del-
aware, out of any moaey in the XVeasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
A nd be it farther enacted, That it may and shall bo
lawful for tho president, directors, and company of
the Junction and Breakwater railroad in the Statp
of Delaware to extend their railroad upon and over
said pier, and freely to uso said pier in connection
with their said road, subject to such regulations and
charges for maintenance and repairs as the Secretary
of War may adopt.
I will explain that this appropriation is, in
substance, the same that has met the approval
of the Senate at this session in a bill reported
•unanimously by the Committee on Commerce,
and passed by this body. It went to the House
of Representatives, and by the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury it was
amended to its present shape. The proposi-
tion is that this pier shall be the property of
the United States. The Senate will under-
stand—I believe they already know—that it
is appurtenant to the Delaware breakwater.
Without the presence of this pier the useful-
ness of the breakwater is in a great degree
diminished. It forms now the harbor of safety
for perhaps some twenty-five thousand sail in
a year. That number of vessels will find refuge
every year behind this bulwark. If this pier
is made it will enable the vessels that geek
refuge there from stress of weather to dis-
charge their cargoes, and refit in some degree,
without going back to their original ports or
going all the way up the bay, some one hun-
dred and sixty miles, to the city of Philadel-
phia or to Wilmington. Some forty years agp
the Government did construct a wqoden pier
at this jelace, which was destroyed by the action
of the waves and by being worm-eaten.
This amendment proposes a work which ia
strictly a work for national use. It is pot pecu-
liarly of local benefit. But there being a railway
made now to that terminus, this proposed pier,
it is sought to allow them the use of it. As I have
said, this proposition met the approval of the
Committee on Commerce in this b dy, and meets
the approval of the Secretary of'the Treasury,
whose written recommendation of the measure
now before the Senate is in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in the other House,
who have reported unanimously in favor of
this bill ; but the bill went upon the Speaker's
table, and cannot be reached, therefore, at flie
present session. 1 believe in its present shape
the Senate will not refuse their assent, and
there is every prospect of its becoming a law
without difficulty. I think, from all I can learn,
that there is a majority in the other House in
its favor, and I hope it may now meet the
approbation of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Delaware.
The amendment was agreed to.
Several Senators. Let the bill be reported
to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one ob-
stacle to reporting the bill to the Senate. The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] has
entered a motion to reconsider the vote on
three amendments.  
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I said I would
not. I will let the Senator from Maine take
his own course as to concurring in those amend-
ments when the bill comes into the Senate,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have one or
two amendments that I desire to offer. On
page 24, after line five hundred and seventy-
one, I move to insert the following:
For repairs and refurnishing tho President's
House, $15,000.
This was omitted from the legislative and
executive appropriation bill, and my attention
has been called to it to-day. It is the annual
appropriation for repairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page SO,
after line nine hundred and forty, I move to
inr.ert. the following amendment:
compensation of clcrks in the oiace of file Sec-
retary of the Treasury, $22,500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to have
some explanation of that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
to the desk, and ask that it bo read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Treasury Department, July 13, 1870.
Sir: I have the honor to state that in the appro-
priation bill which passed Congress on Saturday last
it is understood that tiio provision for nine heads of
divisions for this office, at a salary of !p2,5U0 each,was
stricken out. This would reduce the clerical force of
this office to that extent, and I deem it essential that
a provision or section of the character herewith in-
closed should bo incorporated in soma other bill
licreafcer to be passed.
I am, very respectfuUy,|c.,g BQ ^
Secretary of ike Ireumry.
Hon. Lot il. alorrlll, Chuiruinn Committee on Appro-
priations, JJiiited Slates Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Inasmuch as the
Senate struck out the proposition for nine heads
of divisions, and the House concurred in that,
thereby deducting so much Irom the force of
the Secretary's office, I have chosen to put the
amendment in the form in which I have sent it
to the Chair, rather than to say "heads of
divisions," because that would establish heads
of divisions, whereas there are none at the
present time. It gives the Secretary the force
that be desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have my
friend explain the ground ut>on which we,struck
it out of the other bill. Perhaps that will eluci-
date it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, There was an
attenjpt to reorganize the Treasury to some
extent, and the House went to the extent of
creating nine heads of divisions in the Secre-
tary's office. The Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate non-concurred in that action
of the House, and the Senate sustained that
non-concurrence; but thereupon proposed a
similar organization in other branches, and
raised the salaries of sundry officers, heads of
bureaus, &c. But in committee of conference
they were all stricken out, and in striking them
out no provision was made for these nineclferks
who had been clerks and were promoted by
the House to be heads of divisions j so that as
a matter of fact they are nine short. Now the
Secretary asks us to restore these nine heads
of divisions, I propose to give him the force
that he asks for, precisely as it has been here-
tofore ; and he may adjust it as he pleases.
This amendment appropriates the money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But does not increase
the actual force ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand thi3
proposition it amounts to this: the Secretary
of the Treasury wanted his heads of divisions
to have an additional salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He wanted heads
of divisions created.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He wanted heads of
divisions created, to be known distinctly as
heads of divisions, instead of being persons in
charge of divisions, as they are now by law;
and he succeeded in getting the House of Rep-
resentatives to do that in one of the appropria-
tion bills; and because the Senate did not
think it proper to create these new offices of
heads ol divisions, and struck them out of that
bill, npw he proposes that you shall appro-
priate money to do the same thing. I do not
see why we' should do any such thing. The
Senate has once acted, and refused to create
these heads of divisions. It affords no reason
to my mind to be told that the Secretary of the
Treasury had induced the House of Represent-
atives to agree to the creation of these new
offices. It is simply a proposition to make a
new office, known as head of division, with a
salary of §2,500, as I understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was the
proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, because that prop-
osition was made and failed, and Congress did
not provide for it, does that afford any found-
ation on which we are now to appropriate
money to accomplish the same thing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me answer
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate, under the
lead of the Senator from Maine, has decided
that these new offices shall not be created. I
know that the Secretary of the Treasury wants
them. He has sent a letter here, and theSen-
ator has had it read. If we are here simply to
register his wants, we ought to hare made these
heads of divisions before.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Maine. TheSenator asked
me a question and refuses to hear the answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I am wining the
Senator should answer.
Mr. MERRILL, of Maine. The Senator asks
if there is any reason why the Secretary should
have these heads of divisions simply because
he wants them. My answer is that my propo-
sition does not propose to give him heads of
divisions; but inasmuch as we did reduce his
force nine clerks, we propose to make that
