4506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Cattell, Corbett,
Cragm, Davis, Edmrrnds, denton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, llowell, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson. Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Schui'/.._ Sherman, Stockton, Thayer, Tipton,
and Yates—35.
So the amendment to the amendment mis
rejected.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on agreeing to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] as amended on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the last
section of the amendment by striking'out the
words "1st day of July" and inserting "1st
day of October."
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for a division upon it.
Mr. NYE. I move, in the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, to strike
out the words "one cent" and insert "two
Mr. THURMAN. That has been voted
do"\vn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has
been disposed of. Does the Senator from Ala-
bama insist on a division on his amendment?
Mr. SPENCER. Yes, sir.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being on a division—ayes 10,
noes 25.
Mr. NYE. I now offer the proviso offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, striking
out "one cent" and inserting "two cents."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us finish
this matter.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes eleven, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
iion is now on agreeing to the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Nevada, which will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That the postage on all letters whether
passing through the mails, or collected or delivered
by postal agents, shall bo at tho uniform rate of two
cents for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Mr. DRAKE and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 17 ;
us follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Browulow, Casserly, Drake, Fowler,
Harris, Johnston, McDonald. Nve, Osborn, Pool,
Eico, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tburmau, Viclters, Warner, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Chandler, Colo,
Conkling. Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Pratt, Kamsey, Scott, Spraguo, Trumbull,
Wiiley. and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Borcman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Corbett,
Ciiigin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton o! Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill
of Vermont, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Hovels,
.Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stockton,
Tipton, and Yates—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota as amended.
Several Senators. How does it stand now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it stands, that Senators
may understand it.
The Chief Clerk read.the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws giving the right to any officer or Depart-
ment of the Government, or other person, to either
send or receive through the United States mails free
of charge any letter, document, or other mailable
matter, are hereby lepealed; and this section shall
take effect <5n and aflerthe 1st day of July, 1870; but
shall not be construed as repealing the law in favor
of publishers of nowspapers and periodicals con-
tained in the second section of the act of August 30,
1852, entitled "An act to amend an aot entitled 'An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
UnitedStates, and for other purposes,'passed March
3, 1851:" Provided, That the postage on all letters,
whether passing through the mails or collected or de-
livered by postal agents, shall be at the uniform rate
of two cents for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Mr. MORTON. The adoption of this amend-
ment, reducing the postage from three cents to
two, will, if concurred in by the House, strike
off one third of the postage, and make an ad-
dition necessary to the Post Office appropri-
ations of from seven to eight or nine million
dollars. The Senate is very thin to-night, and
in view of the importance of this action I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from Indiana
seems to have forgotten that this is going to
save the Post Office Department $5,000,000
by abolishing franking, according to the report
of the Postmaster General.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
New York?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir ; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that we go on
until we complete the bill in committee, and
have it reported to the Senate, and then ad-
journ and take the vote to-morrow in the Sen-
ate with a full Senate. That will accomplish
tho purpose.
Mr. MORTON. As taking the vote in a
full Senate means that we cannot get through
with it to-night, I do not see the value of stay-
ing here any longer. I have stayed here in the
hope that we should get through ; but as we
cannot get through, and that is now confessed,
let us adjourn. It is midnight.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me make a sugges-
tion. For one I am in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege; but I will not vote to put
the amendment on this bill in this shape. I
think we had better vote it down as it now
stands; and if we vote it down we can pass the
appropriation bill at once and be done with it.
Mr. CONKLING. We can vote down part
of the amendment in the Senate I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope no one who wants
to abolish the franking privilege will vote for
this proposition as it now stands.
Mr. MORTON. I renew tho motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned at twelve o'clock, midnight.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 18, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
tho House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be no objection
I move that the further reading of the Jour-
nal be dispensed with.
Mr. VICKERS. I hope not. I ask that the
Journal be read through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal, and having proceeded for some time,
Mr. WILSON. I move that the farther
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
PREVENTION OP CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an Association
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in the
District of Columbia.
The amendments of the House were in sec-
tion five, line five, insert after the word "trial"
the words " of the laws or ordinances of the
city for the prevention of cruelty to animals}"
in section six, line two, after the word " that"
insert " one half of," and in section six, line
five, after the word "society," add "and the
other half to the school fund of said city or
district in which the offense is committed."
Mr. HAMLIN. If Senators will give me
their attention for one or two moments I will
state that as the bill passed the Senate all the
fines and forfeitures were to accrue to the city
corporation. The House have amended it by
allowing one half of the forfeitures to accrue
to the corporation and the other half to accrue
to the benefit of the schools of this District.
1 hope the Senate will concur in the amend-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mainemovesa. concurrence in the amendments
of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
BAILIFFS 01? DISTRICT COURTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled "An
act fixing the compensation for the bailiff and
criers of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 22, 1867.
The amendment was to strike out all alter
the enacting clause of the bill, aud to insert
the following in lieu thereof:
That from and after tho passage of this act the
marshal shall pay to each bailiff and crier who shall
be required to attend upon the district, circuit, crim-
inal, or orphans' court of the District of Columbia,
$3 50 ior each day such baililf or cner shall attend
upon eilhor of said courts.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senate will give me
one moment, I will state that the amendment
of the House accomplishes precisely the same
thing as the Senate bill, only it is in a few less
words. There is not a particle of difference
in the substance of the two. _ It is fixing the
compensation of the bailiffs in the courts at
$3 50 a day for each day that they perform
service. I therefore move that tho Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
zoological society.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoological
society in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, which was to add tho following as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That Congress shall
have the right to amend, alter, or repeal this act at
any time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate concur iu that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
improvement of potomac river.
Mr. HAMLIN. As I shall be out of my seat
in a very few moments I ask unanimous co -
sent to offer the following resolution at this
time, which will take but a moment:
llesohed, That the Committee on Commerce bo
directed to inquire into the expediency of malting
ail appropriation for tho improvement of the Poto-
mac river by the removal of tho bar between the
Long Bridge and Georgetown.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions yes-
terday received from the House of Represent-
atives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 871) granting to the
Utah Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph—to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
