5510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
how we have reduced his force at all. He
never had the force.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Simply because
111 striking out heads of divisions we struck out
so many persons who were clerks, and they
are not provided for.
Mr. 1RUMBUL*L. Will the Senator allow
me to say that he never had heads of divisions,
ihere never was any law for such officers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But he had so
many clerks that he wanted us to appropriate
for as heads of divisions. We refused to ap-
propriate for them as heads of divisions, and
we did not, as a matter of fact, appropriate for
them at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not as clerks?
Mr._ MORRILL, of Maine. Not as clerks.
That is what I tried to make the Senator un-
derstand. Now, having refused to appropriate
for them as heads of divisions, I say we will
continue to refuse that, because that was the
judgment of the Senate ; but we will give you
the money to employ the force.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to modify the
amendment so as to read "of classes author-
ized by law."
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask one
question, which will settle the matter. Is this
an appropriation now for nine clerks at the
old salary, or at, $2,500 each?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the amendment.
-Llie Chief Cu;uk. The amendment reads :
For compensation of clerks in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, S22.500.
Mr. HARLAN. Before " $22,500 " I move
to insert "of classes now authorized by law."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is wholly unneces-
sary ; but I suppose there is no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be seen that if
there are but nine of these clerks it is not
necessary to appropriate §22,500. The high-
est class of clerks that we have get but §1,800
a year ; that is, the fourth-class clerks. Now,
an appropriation of §22,500 is giving these
"me persons more than that amount. It is
manifest from the explanation of the Senator
from Maine that there is some misapprehen-
sion about this matter. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa will be adopted, and
then I shall propose another amendment to
carry out what wo now understand to be the
object of the Senator from Maine. I ask to
have the amendment of die Senator from Iowa
reported.
'ihe Chief Clki::-. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that it will read:
For compensation for clerks in the office of the
bocretary of tlie Treasury, of classss now authorized
by law, $22,500.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine accept that modification of his
amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I have
no objection to that.
.The\ ICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion now
is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to move another
amendment. I move to insert the word " nine''
before the word "cleiks."
_ Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that this
is 110 time to be increasing the clerks in these
Departments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Vv e are not in-
creasing them. This simply retains the present
force.
Mr. CAMERON. But I want the force re-
duced. We are reducing the taxes, and why
should we increase the number of clerks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We M-e not in-
creasing them.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, why should y,-e
continue them at the present number ? .As we
reduce the business wo ought to reduce the
cleiks. ibis is all wrong ; it is only another
evidence of the wrong of legislating here when
it is near twelve o'clock at night. ~ Therefore,
i move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion -to adjourn, and declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CAMERON and Mr. SUMNER called
for a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If you do not
pass this bill to-night you will not adjourn on
Friday. I assure you of that.
Mr. CAMERON. There will be no trouble
about adjourning on Friday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may be
the Senator's opinion, but it is not mSie.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes eight, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, which is to insert the word "nine"
before the word "clerks."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move to strike
out "$22,500" and insert "$16,200," because
nine clerks, at $1,800 apiece, which is the
highest sum paid, amounts to onlv $16,200 and
not $22,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to reserve an
amendment which was adopted in Committee
of the Whole. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
open for further amendment after the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole
shall have been hcted upon.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to reserve an
amendment. ["Question!" "Question!"]
Senators may call out " question but I say
I desire to reserv<fthe amendment adopted in
committee on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Momiill,] on page 13, in ref-
erence to the post office and custom-house
building at Omaha, Nebraska. I ask for a
separate vote on that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment relating to the surveys of
lands along the Northern Pacific railroad
route.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Are there any
other reservations? If there are none, the
question will be taken on concurring in the
remainder of the amendments in gross.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the first reserved amendment.
Mr. THAYER. It is the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two different
amendments were adopted on this subject.
Does the Senator desire to reserve the proviso
or the whole proposition?
Mr. THAYER. The proviso offered by the
Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were adopt-
ed separately and at different times, and will
be reported separately.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That the total co?t of tho building shall
not exceed the amount ot this appropriation, and
estimates and plans shall ho approved, before the
work shall be commenced, by the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the Secretary of the Tre^ury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This isa limita-
tion on the appropriation for a public building
at Omaha.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that amendment open
to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move to strike out
all afior the word "provided" of the amend-
ment, and to insert:
That tho total cost of the building shall not exceed
$100,000, and estimates and plans of tho same shall
be approved by the Postmaster General and tho
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported a bill for a building at
Omaha, Nebraska, to cost $50,000. That was
the sum asked for; and in conformity with the
rule of the committee we adopted an amend-
ment of like character with the one proposed
by me, limiting the expense of all these build-
ings to the absolute amount appropriated or
a certain fixed sum. Upon conference with
the Senator from Nebraska, I ascertain that he
is very much dissatisfied with the amount, and
thinks it is insufficient. I am rather inclined
to think myself it is insufficient for so large a
town.
Mr. POMEROY. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars were appropriated last year.
. Mr. HARLAN. That was merely for the
ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio, being a substitute
for the amendment adopted in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iregardthisamendment,
which the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds have agreed upon in reference to all
these buildings as of vital importance to the
safety of the Treasury. It has been the custom
heretofore, in former years, to obtain an appro-
priation like this of fifty or seventy-five thou-
sand dollars for a public building at Knoxville,
Tennessee, if you please, or at Omaha, Ne-
braska, and to use that in merely laying out the
foundation for a building. We commenced
buildings at New Orleans and Charleston before
the war by appropriating from year to year
until the building at New Orleans had nearly
three million dollars appropriated for it, and
the one at Charleston more than two million
dollars, and neither of the buildings has ever
been worth anything. We commenced a ma-
rine hospital at Chicago in the same way. It
has cost two or three times what anybody sup-
posed it would cost.
If we allow this practice, we turn over the
Treasury of the United States to the supervis-
ing architect, or whoever happens to be in
charge of these public buildings, to lay out
just such a building as he pleases. We ought
to settle it ourselves. If $50,000, the amount
agreed upon bythe Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, who have endeavored to
examine these matters carefully, is not enough;
if the Senate think they were wrong in that, put
it at $75,000; but whatever sum you put it at,
I beg of the Senate, if you mean to have any
limitation upon the cost of these buildings, to
adhere to this proviso inserted on the motion
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
it is only a question of amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; thequestion is on
the proviso of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senator
from Nebraska has no objection to the limita-
tion, provided the sum is large enough. Now
the estimate I understand to be $125,000.
r}'HA-YT£R. Secretary so estimated.
Mr. IRUMBDLL. There was no such esti-
mate before the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. We examined the whole
subject and recommended but 850,000.
Mr. THAYER. I submitted it to the chair-
man. _ It is in the Secretary's estimates. I
have it at my desk.
Mr. MOR RILL, of Maine. If the Commit-
lu6,01?! Buildings and Grounds intend
«Va erect a_ building costing only
5>ou,000, then this proviso is proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the opinion
ol the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds when they acted upon it. Now, I
want to say a word about this estimate. What
does an estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury amount to ? He sends in here a recoin-
