422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
so honorable a position as that Senator should
now trifle at this last moment with the great
interests of freedom and of humanity involved
in the settlement of this question. The Senator
trifles with the loyal people of Virginia; he
trifles with the rights of the colored people, all
of which are now in jeopardy. He says '' hand
them over to the Legislature," a Legislature,
as we know, steeped in treason to the lips; a
Legislature, as he knows, which cannot take
the oath of loyalty. Unhappily the Senator
finds too much support on this floor. I regret
it; I wish it were otherwise. It maybe that
my opposition will be ineffectual. It may be
that this bill will pass and that these people
will be handed over to the tender mercies of
rebels; but I, at least, shall have the_ satis-
faction of making my opposition to it, and
of declaring my profound conviction that its
passage will be disastrous to peace in the State
of Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is very
easy to make declarations ; it is very easy for
one to assume to represent the loyal people
and to represent the colored people, and to be
their special champion, and to make charges
against others; but whether those charges, so
far as they relate to the history of the country,
are true or not the records will show ; and if
accusations are made against a member of this
body attributing to him. a course directly the
opposite to that which he has pursued there is
intelligence enough in this country to hold up
the author of the accusation and there is a
sense of justice in this country that will visit
the condemnation upon him who makes the
accusation falsely.
Why, sir, I am charged with having been
opposed to the reconstruction measures! There
is not upon your statute-book one act on the
subject of reconstruction in which I have not
taken an active part and for the passage of
which I have not voted. All your reconstruc-
tion measures, Mr. President, with the excep-
tion of the first act—and I was a member of
the committee that reported that—have passed
through the hands of the Judiciary Committee,
of which I have the honor to be chairman ; and
I have had charge in the Senate of the passage
of nearly every one of them, and yet there
rises here a Senator who charges me with
having been opposed to the reconstruction
measures, and who speaks as if he was the
champion of freedom, as if ho was the friend
of the colored people! Why, sir, if the Senator
from Massachusetts had had his way the Con-
stitution of the United States, which declares
that ail persons born within its limits and all
persons under its jurisdiction are free, would
have no such clause in it. If that Senator had
had his way the great constitutional provision
forever abolishing slavery would never have
been adopted. He opposed it here in speeches.
Yes, sir, he wanted to resort to the inefficient
mode of a law of Congress 
_ Mr. SUMNER. I introduced a constitu-
tional amendment for that very obiect,
Mr. 1RUMBULL. The Senator made
speeches in faror of a law of Congress to abol-
ish slavery, a law which another Congress
might have repealed even if it could have had
?ny fct w"en !t was originally enacted! Sir,
it has been over the idiosyncracies, over the
unreasonable propositions, over the impracti-
cable measures of the Senator from Massacliu- ,
setts that freedom has been proclaimed and
established. His impracticable, unreasonable,
unconstitutional, and ineffectual measures '
would never have accomplished the object.
Why, sir, he was opposed to the fifteenth
amendment that we are now seeking to have !
adopted. He left his place in the S?nate and |
went away and would not vote for it. And vet i
he rises in the Senate and talks about being thp '
friend of the colored man. The colored man
would have prayed long ago to have been
delivered from the hands of such friendship
had the Senator's counsels obtained I
I do not say that the Senator from Massa-
! chusetts is not the sincere friend of freedom,
| and especially of the colored man. I think
he is; but I think his zeal outruns his judg-
' ment. Instead of adopting measures that
would be practical and effective and perma-
: nent to secure freedom in this country he
; would have resorted to a statute which could
: have been repealed, and would have been in-
i effectual, and would not have established the
! great principles of freedom upon the funda-
I mental Constitution of the country. This, sir,
! has been the difference between the Senator
1 from Massachusetts and myself. I have been
| for practical, efficient measures, for measures
which when adopted would be irrepealable;
for establishing freedom upon a foundation
which could never be shaken. He was .for
i establishing it by statute.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator deny
it? I can send and get the bill that the Senator
: introduced for declaring the slaves free by act
j of Congress.^ Does the Senator deny introduc-
ing such a bill? He has come along, laggard-
like, to support the great measures which were
essential to the permanent establishment of
freedom when he could not succeed in his time-
i serving measures. I do not say that he did not
vote for the great constitutional amendment
| that abolished slavery. I know that he did;
i but he sought another way to do the thing, and
| threw obstructions in the way of that amend-
| pent by the introduction of a bill and by mak-
; ing speeches here in the Senate, insisting that
' by act of Congress and without any constitu-
tional amendment we could abolish slavery.
Has the Senator forgotten those speeches ? I
apprehend not.
Now, sir, I do not wish to enter on this per-
sonal controversy with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The Senator says that because I
i have been forced to refer to personal matters
1 therefore 1 seem to have forgotten myself, and
to talk of nothing else. I do not bring these
things into the Senate unless I find myself
forced in self-defense or by the observations
of others to refer to them. The remark that
I made in reply to the Senator from Vermont
in regard to the effort, as he understood, to
lay certain facts before the Judiciary Commit-
tee was a mere incidental remark, which called
forth the assault of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Sir, I am willing to stand upon my record as
I have made it on the subject of reconstruction
and on the subject of freedom. I had the honor
to report that clause of the Constitution which
establishes freedom. I was on the committee
which reported the fourteenth amendment, and
advocated it and supported it. I voted in this
body to submit the fifteenth amendment to the
people of these States. Can the Senator say
as much? Sir, on the record as it is made
! up on these subjects I am prepared to stand.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask your
pardon for adding another word; but I beg to
say at the outset that nothing that the Senator
from Illinois can say shall draw me into any
vindication or explanation of the course I have
lield in this Chamber on the subject of slavery
and in the vindication of human rights. That
Senator may impeach it. He may point against
it the shafts of his ridicule. My record is made
up, for good or evil, and nothing that lean now
say by way of explanation or addition, nothing
that the Senator can now say by way of iro-
peachment or ridicule, can in any way change
it. I commit it to the history of iny country.
And now I turn to the Senator from Illinois.
He takes credit to nimseli as sustaining the
reconstruction measures. From his position
as chairman of the Judiciary Committee it was
his duty to report certain bills ; but now I put
to him the question: when the proposition was
hrst made m this Chamber to confer suffrage
upon the colored race at theSou th as the corner-
stone of reconstruction did it not encounter his
vehement opposition? Did it not triumph
over that opposition? Oh, how many times I
remember that painful, heart-sickening opposi-
tion! I cannot forget one long night, orrather
one long evening stretching to Sunday morn-
ing, absorbed in counteracting the effort of the
Senator to foist a State into this Union without
that essential condition, precisely as he is now
trying to foist Virginia into the Union. Sen-
ators cannot forget what was known as the Lou-
isiana question. I then took the responsibility,
in conjunction with honored friends now at my
side, of defeating that measure. Does the
Senator from Illinois remember it? I urged
then that reconstruction was impossible with-
out equality before the law. The Senator
sneered at my efforts then as now, and insisted
upon the admission of Louisiana without rec-
ognition of the rights of the colored people.
Such admission would have been the model
for all the States, and thus would the sacrifice
of the whole colored race have been perpetrated.
And now he stands up here and says that he
has always been true to reconstruction. True
to certain technicalities of reconstruction he
may have been, but never true to the great
fundamental principle without which recon-
struction is nothing; never true to the sacred
cause without which peace and reconciliation
were impossible.
The Senator makes a mistake. He made a
mistake in the personalities with which he
began to-day. He makes another in claiming
for himself that he lias from the beginning
been true on this great question. It is my duty
to say that he has not been, i do not wish to
follow up this record by accumulating instances
of infidelity. God forbid. I did not introduce
the question. I made no allusion to justify its
introduction. The Senator from Illinois began
it, and he must take the conscqucnces.
Something else was said by the Senator at
the end of his remarks, perhaps to divert atten-
tion. Ingenious debaters like the Senator know
very well how a bad cause may be helped by
changing the issue, and so before he sat down
he undertook to say something about the ques-
tion of testimony before the Judiciary Com-
mittee ; he was not aware that any had been
proffered. But is not the Senator aware that
from the first day of this week, when the plan
was apparent to precipitate this question. I
constantly stated that there was such testi-
mony ? The Senator opposed any postpone-
ment of the pending debate in order to give
these loyal people an opportunity of being
heard. They were nothing but loyalists. Poor
creatures! They did. not have the affection of
the Senator from Illinois. That was given to
a rebel Legislature.
It was in pursuance of the effort I made on
the first day of this week that yesterday I pre-
sented a memorial from loyal citizens of Vir-
ginia here in Washington. I presented it as a
memorial and asked to have it read. The Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] in the re-
marks which he so kindly made with regard tc
me later in the day, said that in asking to have
it read I adopted it. I can pardon that remark
to the Senator from Nevada, who is less ex-
perienced in this Chamber than the Senator
from Illinois 5 but the latter Senator has repeated
substantially the same remark. Sir, this is
a new position, that in presenting a memorial
one adopts it, especially when he asks to have
it read. Why, sir, whatisthe right of petition?
Is it reduced to this, that no petition can be
presented unless the Senator approves it, or
that no petition can be read at the request of
a senator unless he approves it? Such a lim-
itation on the right of petition would go far to
cut it down to its unhappy condition in those
pro-slavery days which some of us remember.
Sir, 1 was right in presenting the memorial
ana right m asking to have it read.
And now, what is its character ? It sets forth
a condition of things in Virginia which might
well make the Senate pause. It does not make
the Senator from Illinois pause, because he has
joined with this rebel Legislature ; but I think
no candid person can have listened to that
