3622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
oountry ▼ery nearly m cheaply uU«ubi
made Abroad. Yet an amount equal to one
and one half cents per pound, which is the
existing rate of duty upon the artiole of plate i
iron, is at once to be paid to the ship-builder
who uses American iron. Now, you must admit
one thing or the other, that all the consumers
of iron in the United States pay one and one
half cents per pound additional because of the
duty imposed upon the foreign article, or else
that you place your hand in the Treasury of
the United States and extract therefrom, for
the purpose of paying as a bounty to the ship-
builder or the iron-maker, the sum of one and
one half cents per pound over and above its
present cost. I would like to hear, any satis- ,
factory answer to this proposition. This money
either goes into the hands of the iron-master
or into the hands of the ship-builder, and is
taken out of the Treasury without any equiv-
alent.
The second section of the bill provides that
all ship stores taken on board vessels bound
upon foreign voyages shall be free from import
duty and internal tax. It may be a small ;
objection, but still I must oall attention to the
fact that under this provision whisky or dis-
tilled spirits may be exported without limita-;
tion or restriction. Of course this will be done
under the pretext that they are intended for
use on shipooard; but of the quantity not used -
on shipboard how much will get back to the
United States? If this second section is to be
retained it ought to be amended so as to pre*
vent this unlimited exportation of spirits, at
least while we require on spirits exported the
payment of internal tax. This, I presume, the 1
gentleman from Maine [Mr. lspchj would
regard as a factious amendment.
1 have read with great care the remarks of
thegentleman with reference.to the first section
of the bill i and I understand from those remarks
that within five years there will be taken out
of the Treasury of the United States for the
purpose contemplated by this section $20,000,-
000. The gentleman presents a table showing
that in five years, at the rate of so many tons a
year, the bounty would amount to $20,000,000,
Ofcoursehedeductsacertainamountfor money,
which, although paid into the Treasury, would
come out again in the form of drawback. But
his speech, I regret to say, contains no state-
ment showing how much money will be taken
out of the Treasury of the United States under:
the first section of the bill for the benefit of our ■
coasting trade. The tonnage of our vessels now.
engaged in the coasting trade alone amounts,,
I believe, in round numbers, to two million five >
hundred thousand tons. It may be the object
of the gentleman who has charge of this bill to
transfer our coasting trade from wooden vessels
to iron vessels, and to make the Government
pay the expense of this transfer. I do not know
whether such is his object; but if it is it will,
of course, be effectually carried out in this bill.
But I regret that no gentleman who advocates
the bill has told us how much money will be
taken out of the Treasury for the benefit of this <
coasting trade alone. If it takes $20,000,000
alone for the foreign trade, it certainly will take
as much, if not more, in five years for the
coasting trade, because our coasting trade,
estimated by the number of tons, is much
greater than our foreign tonnage. Hence, I
think it fair to presume that whenever we enact 1
the first section of this bill we adopt a provision
which will take out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States at least $20,000,000. It may not
amount to that much this year or next year,
but that will be the aggregate in five years.
Now, for one I am not prepared to take
$20,000,000 oat of the Treasury for this pur-
pose ; for I know that if such a sum be taken
it must be put in again, and it must come
finally from the pockets of the people of the
country.
There is another objection to this hill. It
establishes what, in my judgment, is a wrong
principle in our legislation. We have hereto- i
fore adopted provision* similir to those sug-
gested by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,} that products imported in Amer-
ican bottoms shall have the benefit of such
importation to the extent of ten or twenty per
cent, over and above foreign vessels in the way
of discriminating or differential duties.
But the third and fourth sections of the bill
seem to me objectionable because their effect
will be, not to revive the commerce which ought
to be revived, bnt to give additional bounties
to our coast-wise trade; for the trade with the
North American provinces, with Mexico, and
with the islands of the Caribbean sea is prac-
tically, though not technically, coastwise trade.
The gentleman from Maine has told us in his
speech that the tonnage duty levied under the
fourth section will compensate for the amount
of bounty to be paid under the first section.
But how is this tonnage duty to be levied?
A ship of three thousand tons coming into the
port of New York, say seven times* year, will
pay a tonnage duty of $14,000 annually. Now,
is any gentleman on this floor insane enough
to snppose that under our existing treaty stip-
ulations any foreign country, if vessels of her
citizens are required to pay a tonnage duty at
the rate of $14,000 per annum on a vessel of
three thousand tons, will not retaliate by im-
posing a corresponding duty on American ves-
sels ? And who pays this duty finally ? It is
paid eventually oy the men who transport
products, by the farmers of Iowa and Illinois,
and other grain-producing States who transport
to foreign countries their surplus products.
[Here the hammer fell.]
REDUCTION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whore on the state of the Union on the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 2053, concerning duties
on imports, was referred yesterday to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. For what purpose ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I make the motion
to reconsider for the purpose of taking a vote
on the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us hear what it is.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after the 30th of August, 1870, a reduction
of twenty per cent, shall be made on all duties
on imports prescribed by existing laws.
ilr. RANDALL. If the gentleman desires
to make a speech I will not object.
Mr. KELSEY. Does this take precedence
of my motion to go into Committee of the
Whole? .
The SPEAK15R. It does not.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I understand, under
the rules, the motion to reconsider is a priv-
ileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moved to suspend the rules to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union before the gentleman from Missouri
moved to reconsider. He moves to Baspend
the rule by which the motion to reconsider is
made a privileged motion.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Does the motion
to suspend the rules require a two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. It requires only a major-
ity vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, not having received the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I enter the motion
to reconsider for action hereafter.
, internal revenue.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
wag read, considered, and agreed to:
Remind, That there be printed for the use of the
House two thousand extra copies of the bill (H. K.
No. 2015) amending the internal rovenuo laws, fifty
copies or which shall be for the use of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
trade facilities.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. K. No. 2057) to facilitate
the transmission of Asiatic, Australian, and
European merchandise into and across the
territory of the United States of America, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
removal of cases from state courts.
Mr. WOODWARD, byunanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2058) amendatory
of the several acts for removal of certain causes
from State courts; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
government lands in san francisco.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2059) to relinquish the
interest of the United States in certain lands
in the city of San Francisco; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
texas judicial districts.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2060) to ■
reorganize the judicial districts of the State
of Texas; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
manufactures.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, submitted a report in response to
certain petitions praying for examination of
erroneous statements made in the annual re-'
port of the Special Commissioner of the Treas-
ury Department; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CLEVELAND,-the opin-
ion of the minority was also received, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed*
message from tub senate.
A message was received froni the Senate, by'
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed ajointresolutioo (S.R.!
No. 198) authorizing the Secretary of War to:
place at the disposal of the commiissioners of'
quarantine, or other proper authorities of the;
State of New York, the steamer Illinois for "
quarantine purposes, with the request that it be
concurred in. •
steamship rllinois: t
Mr. POTTER. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, and have
put on its immediate passage, a Senate joint
resolution, which I am sure will not take up
any time. A word of explanation will satisfy
! the House that this resolution should pass. In
i 1866, this House, at the request of Governor
Fenton, then Governor of New York, .put at
the. servioe of the quarantine commissioners
an old steamship belonging to the United States,
1 named the Illinois. It has been used up to the
; present time as a receiving vessel for patients
! coming from abroad afflicted with the cholera.
This hulk must now be repaired,, or it must
sink. The Government refuse to repair her
because she is wholly unseaworthy. ..The quar-
antine commissioners refuse to repair , her
because she is not the property of the State of
New York. To meet the difficulty, therefore,
the Secretary of War recommends that she be
given to the State of New York, and the Senate
have provided for her transfer by this resolution,
which, in view of the importance of early
repairs to this vessel, I trust may pass at once.
There was no objection ; and the joint res*
