1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reports from the Committee on Printing. I
do not wish unnecessarily to take up the time
of the House; but a great deal of business
lias accumulated before that committee. The
chairman has written to me repeatedly to pre-
sent it to the House. I do not think it will
take up much time, or give rise to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Print-
ing have the right to report at any time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My colleague proposes
i o interrupt the tariff bill for the purpose of
'•peddling" out certain documents.
Mr. CAKE. I will state again that a large
amount of business has accumulated before
the Committee on Printing, and I have been
repeatedly requested by the chairman of that
committee, who is absent on account of sick-
ness in his family, to bring it before the House.
11 will not take ten minutes.
printing tor state department.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back Senate joint resolution No.
75. in relation to the printing for the use of
the Department of State of additional copies
of documents emanating from that Depart-
ment, with an amendment.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
hereafter, in addition to the number of copies
of documents emanating from the Department
of State which may be ordered to be printed
by either House of Congress, it shall be the
duty of the Congressional Printer to cause to
be printed for the use of that Department, live
hundred copies of every such document when
requested to do so by the Secretary of State.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, The expense of tho same shall in no
order exceed the sum ot $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read tho
third time.
Mr. CAKE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land office kepollt.
Mr. CAKE also, from the same committee,
reported back the Senate amendment to the
following concurrent resolution of the House,
with the recommendation that it be non-con-
curred in:
Resolved by the House, (the Senate concurring,) That
there be printed five thousand e.\tra copies of the
report of the Commissioner of tlio General Land
Office for 1868, with the connected map of the United
States, for the use of the Senate, fifteen thousand
copies of tho same for the use of the Houso, and two
thousand of the same for distribution by tho Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
The amendment of the Senate, which was
read, provided for striking out the words 1' with
the connected map of the United States."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
k. w. Raymond's report.
Mr. CAKE, also from the same committee,
reported the following concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the JTovsc, (the Senate concurring,) That
there be printed sixteen thousand copies of the report
for 1809 of R. W. Raymond, the special commissioner
on mines and mining in the States and Territories
of the Rocky mountains; ten thousand copies
fin' tho use of tho House, five thousand for the use
!! (ho Senate, and one thousand for tho Treasury
Dciprfment, with the cuts illustrating the report:
P,- 'ovArd. The cost of said cuts shall not exceed the
=u iri of $600.
Mr. KELSEY. I should like to know when
•ve are to have a stop put to this extravagance
in printing. I move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. CAKE. I would simply state to the gen-
tleman that this is the usual report upon our
mineral resources.
Tho question was put on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table ; and there were, on
adivision—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. KELSEY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask my colleague
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] how we are to
send these reports home after the franking priv-
ilege is abolished ?
Mr. FITCH. I will pay the postage on them.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes ten ; not a sufficient number voting affirm-
atively.
So the yeas and nays were refused ; and the
House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report on the gold panic.
Mr. CAKE also reported, from the joint
Committee on Printing, the following concur-
rent resolution:
llesolved by thellouie, (tho Senate concurring,) That
one thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
mitteo on Banking and Currency in relation to the
gold panic, with the testimony, and three thousand
without the testimony, bo printed for the use of tho
House.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table. I repeat that I desire to
see if there is to be any stop put to this extrava-
gance in printing.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is the most worth-
less document v/e have ever had printed.
Mr. COX. I think the resolution ought to
be laid on the table unless the testimony accom-
panies all the copies printed. The testimony
will condemn the whole report.
The question was put; and the resolution
was laid on the table.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved lliat the motion to reconsider 4
be laid cn the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
c. IJ. SAIJIN.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on .Reconstruction, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B. Sabin,
of Harris county, Texas, from legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by tho fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States.
The question was on orderiug the bill to be
engrossed, and read a third time.
The bill was read. It proposes to relieve
C. B. Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, by reason of participation in
the late rebellion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state the reason for this bill in a single word.
Mr. Sabin's name was in tho bill recently
passed, but dropped out by accident. Ho is
a judge of the supreme court of the State of
Texas, and cannot take his seat until his dis-
abilities are removed. 1 move tho previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on ordering
the bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. COX. 1 desire the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts for a moment.
Tho SPEAKER. The previous question is
now operating, and the gentleman cannot be
heard unless by general consent.
There was no objection.
Mr, COS, I would like to have an amend-
ment made? to the bill in the form of ft general
amnesty.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
not time to consider that large question just
now.
Mr. COX. We never will have time unless
we take such an opportunity as this.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
ask if the bill has been actually engrossed.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I raise
the point of order, and ask for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman raises the
point of order too late- When the Chair orders
the third reading of an engrossed bill, and the
bill is read the third time by its title, it is too
late to raise the point of order. The question
is, Shall this bill pass? It is necessary that
two thirds shall vote affirmatively.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, called for a
division.
Tho House divided; and there were—ayes
113, noes 5.
So (two thirds voting affirmatively) the bill
was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OHDBK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COX. I should like to be allowed to
offer a resolution of inquiry. It will only take
a minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must insist on the regu-
lar order.
The S PEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, brings on the morning hour,
commencing at thirty-five minutes past twelve,
tho business being the call of committees for
reports. Reports are in order from the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
INTERNATIONAL COINAGE.
Mr.-HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee ou Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, reported the following resolution :
Reiolvcd, That tho Committee on Coinage,V/eights,
and Measures bo instructed, when they report upon
the subjcct of international coinage, to submit to the
llouse a statement of the weights and value of the
present cold coins of Groat Britain, France, and tho
United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My prin-
cipal object in offering this resolution now is
to hold the floor sufficiently long to ask permis-
sion to print in the Globe a speech, which I will
not detain the Houso to hear, on the subject of
tho bill reported yesterday as to a uniform sys-
tem of coinage.
There was no objectism, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
call tho previous question on tho resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tho table. *
Tho motion was agreed to.
PATENT AND COPYBIGHT iAWS.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back with amendments, and
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (II. R. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will indulge roe I think they will obtain a suf-
ficient idea of what is proposed by this bill
from a statement in explanation of its pro-
visions without reading it in full.
The bill now reported from the Committee
