1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4567
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, and for other purposes,"
approved April 20,1870—to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1910) to equalize the
bounties of soldiers who served in the late war
for the Union—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2217) to reduce the ex-
penses of the survey and sale of public lands
in the United States—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on the District, of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 2106) to amend the laws
regulating the assessments of taxes in the city
of Washington; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2224) making the 1st day
of January, the 25th day of December, the 4th
day of July, and Thanksgiving day, holidays
in the District of Columbia.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 2219) reviving the pension
to Mrs. Catharine Bender ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2220) granting a pension
to Mary Cunningham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2221) granting a pension
to Jesse and Mary A. Davis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2222) granting a pension
to Maggie B. Miller.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 23G) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to the late President Lincoln was read twice
by its title.
"Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bo put on its
passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better go to
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It willbe referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HOWE. It has been before the com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the committee recom-
mend it ?
Mr. HOWE. I have not heard what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let it go to the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on the
Library.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The bill (IT. R. No. 2218) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to authorize the
cousliuction, extension, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac Rail-
road Company into and within the District of
Columbia," approved February 5, 1870, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will
allow that bill to be put upon its passage.
There is no objection to it. it has passed the
other House, and it has been agreed to by the
committee of this body.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes and empowers
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany to extend their lateral branch, author-
ized by the acts to which this is supplementary,
by way of Maryland avenue to the viaduct over
the Potomac river, in the city of Washington,
known as "Long Bridge," and to extend their
tracks over the bridge and to connect with any
railroad now constructed or which may here
after bo constructed in the State ol Virginia;
and to effect this purpose the company are
are authorized and empowered to take posses-
sion of, hold, change, and use the bridge and
ike draws connected therewith in perpetuity
free of cosr., on condition that the company
maintain the bridge in good condition for rail-
way and ordinary travel; and the bridge is at
all times to remain a free bridge for public use
for ordinary travel; and the company are to
maintain the draw-bridges in efficient working
condition at all times ; and until such time as
the needful changes are made to accommodate
the railroad and its traffic, it is to be the duty
of the railroad company to repair without delay
all damages to the present bridge, and to main-
tain it without cost to the United States. The
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company are
to give other railroad companies the right to
pass over the bridge upon such reasonable terms
as may be agreed upon or Congress prescribe.
The second section provides that if the com-
pany shall at any time neglect to keep the
bridge in good repair and free for public use
for ordinary travel, the Government of the
United States may enter into possession of the
bridge, and Congress reserves the right to alter
or amend this law.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to ask the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania whether this bridge
is the one over which the cars run from "Wash-
ington to Alexandria?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; I think that there
are no cars running over it at all now.
Mr. VICKERS. Is it the bridge on which
the train runs now?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir ; I think not.
Mr. VICIiERS. I have no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have great doubt whether
that bill ought to pass. I would inquire whether
it or the substance of it has been before the
Commitee on the District of Columbia?
Mr. SCOTT. I will state to the Senator from
Iowa that this bill is substantially the same as
Senate bill No. 992, which has been before
and reported favorably by the Senate Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; and, so far
from there being any objection to it, I under-
stand that it is entirely acccptable to all par-
ties interested in the District of Columbia, as it
relieves Congress i'rom the expense of keeping
up and maintaining the Long bridge.
Mr. HARLAN. If the proper committee
has considered the subject and reported favor-
ably upon it, of course I make no objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 539.
Mr. NYE. I wish to make a report from a
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hamlin
in the chair.) Petitions and memorials are
first in order.
Mr. FOWLER. Idesiretopresentapetition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, how-
ever, competent for the Senator from Oregon
to ask unanimous consent to take up a bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will yield to the morn-
ing business if I can bo allowed to call up tnis
bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to present a petition
now. _ „„ .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 he Chair
will receive it.
petitions and .memorials.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Martha Hall, a Cherokee Indian woman of
North Carolina, praying an allowance from
the Cherokee removal and subsistence lund,
to enable her to join the tribe west of the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. YATES presented four petitions of citi;
zens of Illinois, praying for the abolition ol
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
lie also presented a memorial of W. b. Sto-
rey, of the Chicago Times; Root & Cady, and
other authors and publishers iu Chicago, re-
monstrating against the transfer ot the business
relating to copyrights from the clerk's offices
of the United States courts to the office of the
Librarian of Congress ; which was relorred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the memorial
of Joseph Rudd, jr., praying that the name of
the steam propeller Francis Wright be changed
to Herbert E. ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING presented two petitions of
citizens of New York, surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812, praying to be allowed pensions;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of J. C.
Dean,ThomasP. Eskridge, and JohnS. Coate's,
of Virginia, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William M. Bagley, of Lunenburg county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of a
large number of merchants and ship-owners
of New York, and others, who are interested
in the American carrying trade, who earnestly
recommend the passage of the bill to encour-
age the building of ships for the foreign trade,
and for other purposes, introduced in the Sen-
ate by Hon. Z. Chandler; and they speak of
it as a truly patriotic aud impartial measure,
and pray for its passage. I move its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Blair, Washington county,
to Logan, Dodge county, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
L. St. Martin, of Louisiana, and of Basil W.
Duke, of Kentucky, praying for the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the memorial of Charles
Cobb and John S. Long, directors in and rep-
resenting the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of Texas, praying that Senate bill No.
047, to aid the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to San
Diego, California, with branches and connec-
tions, be so amended as to recognize the right
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
Texas to construct the road from Marshall to
El Paso, on the Rio Grande, in lieu of the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, or any other,
the franchise of the latter company, or any
company created by Congress to commence at
El Paso or the Rio Grande and extend to San
Diego ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
SOUTHERN MARYLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 597 ; or
I will move to pass over all other orders with a
view to take up the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the title of the
biil?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the bill will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk. " A bill (S. No. 59/) to
authorize the authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to indorse^ the
bonds of the Southern Maryland Railroad Com-
pany."
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that bill will not
be taken up now.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the Kill, the title of winch has
been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope that will not be
done 1 think we ought to understand the
affairs of this city a little more than we do now
before we authorize the city to get any more
