1870.
TBU CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
will make its non-interest-bearing paper par
in gold in a very short time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
amendment the yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. I have been waiting during
the progress of this debate, and daring the
various amendments that have been offered,
to see ingrafted upon this bill, or offered to be
ingrafted, a feature which I hope it will have
when it reaches its maturity in the Senate. I
do not rise now for the purpose of discussing
either the pending amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon or the general merits of
the bill, but to say thatas it has been announced
by members of the committee that this bill has
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
I shall offer no amendment that would be in
conflict with what is considered the policy of
the Treasury Department. Having that desire,
I have procured the bill which the present
Secretary of the Treasury himself offered when
a member of the other House, proposing two
features for the regulation of our finances.
One was that in the disposition and sale of the
bonds of the Government there should be no
agent appointed, no percentage, deduction,
commission, or compensation allowed, and
that it should be done altogether by the au-
thorized officers of the Treasury Department;
and the other was that all such transactions
should be conducted by inviting the competi-
tion of the public by advertising for proposals
for the exchange or sale of the loan; and when
the proper time shall arise, believing that these
propositions, which then had the approval of
the present Secretary when he was a member
of the House, will still have his approval, I
shall offer au amendment embodying those
features.
Mr. CORBETT. There seems to be some
doubt about a quorum being present, and I
presume there are other Senators who desire
to speak upon the other amendments that have
been offered. I suppose if I withdraw this
amendment it can be offered again ia the
Senate, can it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I withdraw the
amendment for the present and will let the
vote be taken upon the amendment to the fifth
section.
Mr. SUMNER. With regard to that I would
ask if it would not be better to strike out the
whole section. That was the motion of which
I gave notice the other day, to strike out sec-
tion five. The Senator from Oregon proposes
to strike out a part of it and to amend what
rem:.ins. I think it would be better to strike
the whole of it out.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
accept that amendment, to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that on this
amendment, strikingout the fifth section, which
presents a single distinct question, I wish to
submit some information to the Senate ; and
I should like to have the vote taken when there
is a full Senate. I have no objection to taking
a vote now on an amendment to any other part
of the bill; but in regard to this fifth Bection,
against which there is no doubt a strong objec-
tion as it now stands, I should like to present
some facts which I have in my possession and
take the vote in a full Senate. If Senators
have any other amendments they desire to
offer at this time I have no objection to acting
upon them. Two or three Senators have given
notice of an intention to move a revision of the
amountof commission of one percent, allowed
hy one of the sections of the bill. I think the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
proposes to reduce the amount from one per
cent, down to some lower figure. I should
like very well to have the question put upon
that now. I will present a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject, and
then let the vote be taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is done I
wish to give notice that I shall move to strike
out the whole commission, so as to allow none
at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us take a vote on that,
and see whether we have a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is pending,
to strike out the fifth section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Senator
withdraws that amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. No, I do not withdraw the
amendment. If we are going to proceed with
the bill I think that section shoula be stricken
out.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems as if we cannot
proceed practically with this bill now in the
present situation of the Senate, and I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might just as well
proceed with the bill. We have a quorum
now.
Mr. SUMNER. We have not a quorum;
we cannot divide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have got more
than a quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
* Mr. CAMERON. Before the result is an-
nounced I desire to give notice that I shall
move to strike out the sixth section, all that
relates to a premium.
The result was annonnced—yeas 21, nays 15;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Casserly, Fow-
ler.Gilbert, Hamilton, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Mc-
Creery. Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Schurz, Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickera,
and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cole, Corbett,
Fenton, Harlan, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Warner, Willey,
and Williams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Conkling,
Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Norton, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer. Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Yates—33.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 7, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
^States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions on leave for reference to their ap-
Cropriate committees, and not to be brought
ack by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures for reference and print-
ing are in order.
counterfeiting designs, stc.
Mr. TANNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1416) to punish the copying and counterfeiting
of designs and sketches and models of manu-
facturers ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
mary pikk.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1417) for the relief of Mary Pike, of New
Hampshire, widow of Joseph Pike, deceased ;
which was read a first ana «econd time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
joseph dawson.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1418) granting a pension to Joseph Daw-
son, of Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
railroad subscription.
Mr. McKENZIE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1419) authorizing a subscription by the
city of Washington to the Alexandria, Loudon
and Hampshire Railroad Company or th e Wash-
ington and Ohio Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Railways and Canals.
james m. grizzard.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1420) removing the political
disabilities of James M. Grizzard, of Halifax
county,j North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
alabama railroad grant.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1421) granting to the Eufala, Oxford and Gun-
tersville Railroad Company the right of way
through the public lands of the United States
and lands for the purpose of aiding in the re-
construction of the railroad of said company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
post route in georgia.
Mr. HEFLIN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1422) to extend a certain post route in
Georgia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
political disabilities mississippi.
Mr. PERCE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, peti-
tioning for the speedy removal of the political
disabilities of all citizens of Mississippi; which
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
suits upon official bonds.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1423) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to cancel bonds and discontinue
suits in certain cases; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
w. u. amd j. A. 8immerly.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1424) to remove the charge of desertion from
William H. and James A. Simmerly, late pri-
vates of tbie second Tennessee volunteer cav-
alry ; which was read a first and second time,
ana, with the accompanying papers, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
post routes in indiana.
Mr. PACKARD introdnced a bill (H. R.
1425) to establish certain podt roadsin the State
of Indiana; which Wai fead a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office atod Post Roads.
coal creek road, washington.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1426) to extend the time of the Coal Creek
Road Company, of King county, Washington
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying petition,
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
general corporation law in the district.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1427) to provide for the creation of corpor-
ations in the District of Columbia by general
law; which was read a first and secondtime,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
judicial powers of ministers and consuls.
Mr. COOK also introduced abill (H. R. No.
1428) to amend the act of June 22, 1860, in
relation to judicial powers of ministers and con-
