1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3623
olution (S. B. No. 198) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
commissioners of quarantine, or other proper
authorities of the State of New York, the
steamer Illinois for quarantine purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War, in his discretion, to place
gratuitously for an indefinite period at the dis-
posal of the commissioners of quarantine, or
other proper authorities of the State of New
York, to be used for quarantine purposes, the
steamer Illinois, which said steamer was turned
over to the quarantine commissioners under
the authority of a joint resolution of March 21,
1866, and which has ever since been in their
possession.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
leid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
documents ift interior department.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution for consid-
eration at the present time:
Re*olved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to this House, without unnecessary
delay, the titles, number, and condition of such vol-
umes of publie documents as may have accumulated
in his Department, or within bis control, accompany-
ing such report with any suggestions as to the dis-
posal or distribution of said documents which he may
see fit to make.
This is the same resolution I introduced
some days ago, and which was then objected
to by my colleague, [Mr. Ferriss.] That gen-
tleman was under a misapprehension as to its
import, and has withdrawn his objection.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I object; and I
call for the regular order of business.
LEAVES OV ABSSNCE.
Mr. SARGENT obtained leave of absence
for the remainder of the week.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, obtained
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. JUDD obtained leave of absence till
Monday next.
Mr. STILES obtained leave of absence till
Monday next.
Mr. 'GIBSON obtained leave of absence for
this day.
Mr. BUCK obtained leave of absence from
May 19 till June 5.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. McCARTHY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers of George W. Samson,
claiming a pension for services of his father
in the revolutionary war, filed in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress.
removal of disabilities.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 2024) for the
relief from disabilities of certain persons who
have been engaged in rebellion, and which
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, was ordered to be printed.
mary a. coolidge.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, by unanimous consent, the bill {S.
No. 346) for the relief of Mary A. Coolidge was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
henry newell.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, by unanimous consent, the bill (S.
No. 828) for the relief of Henry Newell was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
states immigration society.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a memorial of the Citizens'
Association of New York, praying Congress to
Eass an act to incorporate the International
ociety of the United States for the Promotion
and Protection of Immigration; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
atlantic, etc., water communication.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Gov-
ernor of the State of Iowa, transmitting to the
House a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, in relation to water communi-
cation between the Atlantic and Pacific; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
naval officers, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in rela-
tion to the number of officers now on the active
list of the Navy, the number of vessels of
each grade now in the Navy, the whole num-
ber of non-commissioned officers and seamen
now in the naval service, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
children of john chilton.
The SPEAKER also, laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the accounts for
the relief of the children and heirs-at-law of
John Chilton, deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
reconsideration.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes by which bills were referred or
recommitted to-day; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That, of course,
did not include my motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. It did not. The gentle-
man's motion to reconsider has been entered,
and he is at liberty to call it up at any time
when a question of superior privilege doe3 not
prevent.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then if the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole op the state
of the Union shall not prevail, I should be
entitled to the floor on my motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot imagine
any question of higher privilege that would
supervene; but he reserves the right to rule in
favor of one if it shall arise.
close of debate.
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist on my motion
to close debate on the consular and diplomatic
bill in one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ingersoll in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R, No. 1604) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
J une 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, the bill now
before the committee appropriates $933,047
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the next fiscal year. Last
year the amountappropriated for these purposes
was $1,110,734. The appropriations for the
next fiscal year, as contained in this bill, are
less than for the current year $177,697. The
Committee on Appropriations has very care-
fully examined the estimates submitted by the
Secretary for this branch of the public service,
and reduced them to the actual requirements
of law, wherever the law has fixed the amount
to be appropriated; and where the appropri-
ations are left to the discretion of the Congress
making them the Committee on Appropria-
tions recommend the lowest sum that is believed
to be necessary to insure an efficient perfotin-
ance of the duties connected with the consular
and diplomatic service.
The salaries of our foreign ministers are ap-
propriated for the same as last year, except
that the appropriation for Paraguay is omitted.
Paraguay is omitted because there is no Govern-
ment there that we can recognize, nor is it be-
lieved that there are inhabitants enough in that
country to form and maintain a Government.
It is believed that the whole population does
not exceed one hundred and fifty thousand, of
whom only about ten thousand are adult males.
It seems an absurdity to keep a minister resi-
dent accredited to a country having so few in-
habitants, and that, in reality, has no regular
government. Paraguay has never had a repub-
lican Government. It has been a personal Gov-
ernment—all its powers concentrated in the
hands of a dictator—with no code of written
law, nor anything resembling a code of laws,
and no judiciary. In fact the will of the dic-
tator has been the only law in that wretched
country since it has had nominally an inde-
pendent existence. The death of Lopez, the
late dictator, leaves the country without a Gov-
ernment, and without the power to create one,
unless the Government of Brazil and her allies
shall give their consent and aid in the work of
creating a new one. Brazil and her allies some
time ago announced that they would require
from Paraguay indemnity for the expenses of
the war that has lately terminated. Paraguay
can pay nothing, and the only indemnity the
allies can obtain is to keep Paraguay, now that
they have conquered it. This they will un-
doubtedly do. There is, therefore, no probable
contingency, and hardly a possible one, in
which it will be desirable to send a minister
to that country.
The Committee of Appropriations has fol-
lowed the precedent of last year by providing
that our minister resident at the Argentine
Repablic may also be accredited to Uruguay.
It seems that the Administration deem it ne-
cessary to send a minister to Uruguay, instead
of allowing our minister at the Argentine
Repablic to represent us at both Governments,
as a minister to Uruguay has been nominated
to the Senate and perhaps confirmed. This
may render an amendment to the bill neces-
sary.
In making up the bill the committee have
omitted the appropriation for consuls at Odessa,
Revel, and Moscow, because these offices have
become useless, or nearly so. The salary of
each consul is $2,000 a year, arid the expenses
of the three consulates were last year $2,17918
more, making an aggregate of $8,179 18, while
the fees collected were as follows: at Moscow,
twenty dollars; at Odessa, $91 21; at Revel,
nothing.
There are doubtless other consulates that
could very well be dispensed with, and doubt-
less will be dropped when our consular service
is reorganized; and among them is the con-
sulate at Lahiana, on the island of Mani, one
of the Sandwich Islands,' where the consul
receives a salary of $3,000 and has the aid of
a vice consul to collect fees, amounting to
$233 76 last year. A letter from a gentleman
who lately visited Lahaina, and remained on
the island some ten days, states that while
there he was informed that no vessel bearing
the American flag had anchored at that port
for upwards of a year, and that the United
States consul stationed there had absolutely
i nothing to do; and further, that the collector
