1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
Laws of the United States.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
recorders, members, and witnesses while on
that service, under the act of March sixteen,
eighteen hundred and two; extra pay to sol-
diers employed under the direction of the
quartermaster's department, in the erection
uf barracks, quarters, storehouses, and hos-
pitals, in the construction of roads, and other
constant labor, for periods of not less than ten
clays, under the acts of March two, eighteen
hundred and nineteen, and August four, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, including those
employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and
from the frontier posts and armies in the field ;
of escorts to paymasters and other disbursing
officers, and to trains where military escorts
cannot be furnished; expenses of the inter-
ment of officers killed in action, or who die
when on duty in the field, or at posts on the
frontiers, or at posts and other places when
ordered by the Secretary of War, and of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers; author-
ized office furniture; hire of laborers in the
quartermaster's department, including the hire
of interpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;
compensation of clerks to officers of the quar-
termaster's department; compensation ot for-
age and wagon masters, authorized by the act
of July five, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight;
for the apprehension of deserters, and the ex-
penses incident to their pursuit; and for the
following expenditures required for the several
regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light artil-
lery, and such companies of infantry as may be
mounted, viz : the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing,
hire of veterinary surgeons, medicines for
horses and mules, picket-ropes, and for shoe-
ing the horses of the corps named ; also, gen-
erally, the proper and authorized expenses for
the movement and operations of an army, not
expressly assigned to any other department,
eight hundred thousand dollars. ^
For mileage, or the allowance made to offi-
cers of the Army for the transportation of
themselves and their baggage, when traveling
on duty without troops, escorts, or supplies,
fiftv thousand dollars.
For taking meteorological observations and
giving notice on northern lakes and sea-board
of approach and force of storms, fifty thou-
sand dollars. .
For transportation of the Army, including
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water, of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage from the depots of Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, and New York to the several posts
and Army depots, and from those depots to
the troops in the field; and of subsistence
stores from the places ot purchase, and from
the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require them to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance
stores, and smaM-arms from thefounderies and
armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier
posts, and Array depots: freights, wharfage,
tolls, and ferriages ; the purchase and hue of
horses, mules, oxen, and harness, and tue pur-
chase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays,
and of ships and other sea going vessels, anu
boats required for the transportation of sup-
plies and for garrison purposes : for drayage
and cartage at the several posts, hire of team-
sters, transportation of funds for the pay and
other disbursing departments, the expense of
sailing public transports on the various rivers,
the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic ana
Pacific ; for procuring water at. such posts as,
from their situation, require it to be brought
from a distance ; and for clearing roads and
removing obstructions from roads, harbors,
and rivers to the extent which may be required
for the octual operations of the troops in the
field, five million dollars. _
For hire or commutation of quarters for
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 46.
officers on military duty, hire of quarters for
troops, of storehouses for the safe-keeping of
military stores, and of grounds for summer
cantonments; for the construction of tempo-
rary huts, hospitals, and stables; and for re-
pairing public buildings at established posts,
beven hundred and fifty thousand dollafrs.
For the ordnance service required to defray
the current expenses at the arsenals, of re-
ceiving stores and issuing arms and other ord-
nance supplies, of police and office duties, of
rents, tolls, fuel, and lights ; of stationery and
office furniture; of tools and instruments for
use; of public animals, forage, and vehicles;
incidental expenses of the ordnance service,
including those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars: Provided, That no money appropri-
ated by this act shall be used to pay for any
new cannon or small-arms.
For establishing and maintaining national
cemeteries, three hundred thousand dollars:
Provided, That twenty thousand dollars of this
amount be expended in planting and cultivat-
ing trees and shrubs in the several cemeteries.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
Presideut be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, 011 or before the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, to reduce
the number of enlisted men in the Army to
thirty thousand, and thereafter there shall be
110 more than thirty thousand enlisted men in
the Army at any one time, unless otherwise
authorized by law.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized, at
his discretion, honorably to discharge from the
service of the United States officers of the
Army who may apply therefor on or before
the first of January next: and such officers so
discharged under the provisions of this act
shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the
pay and allowances due them at the date of
theirdischarge, one year's pay and allowances.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized, at
his discretion, to place on the retired list of
the Army, on their own application, any com-
missioned officers who have been thirty years
in the service, and the officers who may be
retired by virtue of this section shall be enti-
tled to the same pay and emoluments as are
now allowed, or may be hereafter allowed, to
officers retired from active service.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
proviso of the sixteenth section of the act ap-
proved August three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, limiting the number of officers on
the retired list to seven per centum of the whole
number of existing officers, be, and the same
is herebv, repealed ; and hereafter the number
of officers who may be retiied in accordance
with existing laws shall be in the discretion
of the President: Provided, That the whole
number on the retired list shall at 110 time
exceed three hundred.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
offices of General and Lieutenant General of
the Armv shall continue until a vacancy shall
occur in "the same, and r.o longer; and when
such vacancy shall occur in either of said
offices, immediately thereupon all Jaws and
parts of laws creating said office shall become
inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this '-vet,
from thenceforward be held to be repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted!, That no
appointment to the grade of major general
shall be made until the number of officers ol
that grade is reduced below three, after which
the number of major generals shall not exceed
three.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That 110
appointment to the grade of brigadier general
shall be made until the number of officers ot
that grade is reduced Below six; after which
the number of brigadier generals shall not
exceed six.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
grade of regimental commissary in the several
cavalry regiments is hereby abolished; and
the lieutenants now holding the appointments
of regimental commissary may be assigned for
duty to companies of their regiments, and
shall fill the first vacancies that may occur in
their respective grades of first or second lieu-
tenant in the regiments to which they now
belong; and nothing herein contained shall
affect their relative rank with other lieutenants
of their grade.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
grades of regimental commissary sergeant and
regimental hospital steward are hereby abol-
ished. The number of corporals in each com-
pany of cavalry, artillery, and infantry shall
be reduced to four; and the said non-com-
missioned officers shall have the privilege of
receiving an honorable discharge, with full
pay and allowances to the actual date thereof,
if they shall so elect, in preference to remain-
ing in the service in such other grades as may
be assigned to them by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
General of the Army and commanding officers
of the several military departments of the
Army, shall, as soon as practicable after the
passage of this act, forward to the Secretary
of War a list of officers serving in the irrespect-
ive commands deemed by them unfit for the
proper discharge of their duties from any cause
except injuries incurred or disease contracted
in the line of their duty, setting forth specific-
ally in each case the cause of such unfitness.
The Secretary of War is hereby authorized
and directed to constitute a board to consist of
one major general, one brigadier general, and
three colonels, three of said officers to be
selected from among those appointed to the
regular Army on account of distinguished ser-
vices in the volunteer force during the late war.
and 011 recommendation of such board the
President shall muster out of the service any
of the said officers so reported, with one year's
pay; but such muster-out shall not be ordered
without allowing such officer a hearing before
such board to show cause against it.
Seo. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to transfer offi-
cers from the regiments of cavalry, artillery,
and infantry to the list of supernumeraries;
and all vacancies now existing, or which may
occur prior to the first day of January next, in
the cavalry, artillery, or infantry, by reason of
such transfer, or from other causes, shall be
filled in due proportion by the supernumerary
officers, having reference to rank, seniority,
and fitness, as provided in existing law regulat-
ing promotions in the Army. And if any super-
numerary officers shall remain after the first
day of January next, they shalt be honorably
mustered out of the service with one year's
pay and allowances: Provided, That vacancies
now existing in the grade of second lieutenants,
or which may occur prior to said date, may be
filled by the assignment of supernumerary first
lieutenants, or officers of higher grades, who,
when so assigned, shall rank as second lieu-
tenants, providing [provided] such officers
shall prefer to be so assigned, instead of being
mustered out under the provisions of this sec-
tion ; and officers so assigned shall take rank
from the date of their original entry into the
service: And provided further, That no chap-
lain be appointed to posts or regiments until
those on waiting orders are assigned.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, Ihatti!--
professors of the United States Military Acad-
emy, whose service in the Army aud at the
Academy exceeds thirty-five years, shall have
the pay of colonel, and those whose like service
is less than thirty-five, but exceeds twenty-five
years, shallhavethepay of lieutenant colonel;
