4568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
in debt. As one tax-payer here, I hope tbe
bill will not bo taken up at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The motion was not agreed to.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer certain
amendments to the bill (S. No. 047) to aid in
thg construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, Cal-
ifornia, with branches and connections ; and I
move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ATCHISON, TOl'JSKA, AND SANTA MS KAILUOAl).
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
539.
Mr. NYE. I desire to make a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Oregon is in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senate will allow
me to take up the bill, I will then yield for
morning business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to postpone all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
named by him.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bill ?
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 509)
granting to the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 Railroad Company a continuation of its
franchise and right of way through the Ter-
ritories of the United States."
Mr. THURMAN, Cannot the bill be read
for information before the vote is taken on the
motion to take it up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 ask that it be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest thatthe amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Public
Lands be read. The committee move to strike
out the original bill and insert a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Public
Lands will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute, as
follows:
That the act of Congress approved j\Iarcli 3,1863,
entitled "An act for a grant of land to the State of
Kansas in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads and telegraphs in said
State," bo so amended as to authorize and ompowor
the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa 3?c Itailroad Com-
pany to construct a branch of its road irom the Ark-
ansas river, at or near tho junction of the Litfclo
Arkansas, (so ealicd) to some point on the southern
boundary of Kansas, with the same grants, rights,
and privileges, and subjcct to the sarno conditions,
limitations, and liabilities in said act provided : and
to extend its road from the boundary lino of Kan-
sas over the most feasible route in tbe direction of
Santa Fo, to a point on the Rio Grande liver at or
near Albuquerque, Now Mexico ; and that there be
granted to said company, to aid in the construction
of its road beyond the boundary line of Kansas,
every alternate odd-numbcrcd section of public land
to the amount of ten sections per mile on each side
of said road, subject in all other respects to the terms
and conditions ot tho aforebaid act hereby amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on postponing all prior ordets, for
the purpose of proceeding to I he consideration
of this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senate will not
proceed to the consideration of that bill at this
time. I am just in the same condition with
regard to that bill that the honorable Senator
from Oregon was the other day when I had a
bill which I desired very much to have passed,
and to the consideration of which he objected
because he was not advised about it. did not
understand it, and thought it an important bill.
For the same reason I desire that the consid-
eration of this bill shall not be proceeded with
in the morning hour this_ morning. I had no
idea that it was going to be called up. It prob-
ably interferes, I should judge from the read-
ing of it, with other enterprises which are on
foot. I hope the Senator will not insist upon
tie consideration of it now, but will give me
an opportunity to investigate it.
Mr. TIIAYER. I will remark that theother
day, under precisely similar circumstances, I
urged the Senate not to take up a bill for con-
sideration, because it was called up unexpect-
edly, and I asked the Senate to allow it to lie
over until Monday. My friend from Missouri
united then with others in refusing my request,
and I do not suppose that he will think it hard
to apply the same rule to him.
llr. DRAKE. I should like to ask tho
honorable Senator from Nebraska whether he
makes mention of that matter in order to
express his intention to retaliate?
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Missouri
instanced the action of tho Senator from Ore-
gon the other day under similar circumstances.
1 only followed his example.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Missouri
did not instance the action of tho Senator from
Oregon (lie other day as inciting him to take
this course now, but simply by way of illus-
tration, to show that I was in the same con-
dition to-day that he was then; and I beg to
make one remark before tho Senator from
Oregon proceeds. I say to the Senate that I
will lay my right hand down and have it cut
off before I will ever give a vote in this Senate
by way of retaliation; and I think any Sen-
ator who would give a vote in that way, by
way of retaliation, ought to have his right
hand cut off.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President-
Mr. THAYER. Allow me one word in
answer to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not wish tho time
taken up in this way. Mr. President, I wish
to say that I did ask to examine the bill to
which the Senator from Missouri has referred.
I examined il, and I informed the Senator
that I had no objection to it. He moved to
make il a special order, and I voted to make
it a special order, and it stands now as one
of the special orders of tho Senate; so that I
have interposed no objection whatever to that
bill.
1 can assure the Senator that this bill does
not interfere with his bill or with any bill.
The bill as it was originally introduced prob-
ably would have interfered with the Atlantic
and Pacific road; but that has been stricken out
by the Committee on Public Lands. The bill,
as it has been reported by tho committee, sim-
ply extends this road beyond the boundary of
Kansas to Albuquerque, and does not at all
affect' the Atlantic and Pacific road. 1 hope
the Senator will allow it to be taken up.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 am perfectly sincere in
stating the reason why I ask the Senate not to
take up this bill now. After I can have had
time to examine it, it will give me great pleas-
ure to promote the views and wishes of the
Senator from Oregon in any way that I can ;
but I atn just in that condition, and others are
in that condition, that we cannot well take up
this bill now and act intelligently upon it.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to remark that I
hope my friend from Missouri will find no
occasion to cut off either his right hand or his
left. I have only to say that I instanced that
case the other day to show that the Senate had
by its vote decided that it was not a sufficient
reason for putting over a bill when a Senator
stated that he was not prepared for its con-
sideration. 1 only instanced that as an illus-
tration, for the Senator from Missouri helped
to pronounce that decision. He now asks us
to reverse it in this particular case, and I do
not see any special reason for it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is the ordinary rail- ;
road bill. There is nothing peculiar about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- |
tion is on postponing all prior orders for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of j
the bill named by the Senator from Oregon.
'Ihe motion was agreed to ; there being, on ,
a division—ayes 20, noes 18. j
Mr. NY1S. I wish to make a report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will now yield for the
introduction of morning business.
JUDICIAL DISTUICTS IN WYOMING.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2204)
authorizing tho judges of Wyoming Territory
to define their own judicial districts, have in-
structed me to report it; back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage: and as it is
a bill of a single section I hope it will be passed
now. , ^
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
not ask to have other bills taken up while mine
is pending.
Mr. NYE. It is a bill of but one section,
and will not take a minute. It relates simply
to defining the judicial districts in Wyoming.
There will not be a word said about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada asks the unanimous consent ot
the Senate to consider the bill just reported by
him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will it displace the bill
that I have called up ?
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it should
lead to discussion it will do so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will agree that my bill
bo laid aside informally, in order that this bill
maybe considered; but if it should lead to
discussion I shall call up my bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the bill taken up on motion of
the Senator from Oregon will be laid aside
informally, for the purpose of considering the
bill reported by the Senator from Nevada.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho bill (H. R. No. 2204) authorizing the
judges of Wyoming Territory to define their
own judicial districts. It provides that the
judges of the supreme court of the Territory
of Wyoming, or a majority of them, shall,
when assembled at the seat of government of
the Territory, define the judicial districts of the
Territory, and assign tho judges to the several
districts, and shall also fix and appoint the
times and places for holding court in the sev-
eral counties or subdivisions in each of the
judicial districts, and alter the times and
places of holding the courts as to them shall
seem proper and convenient.
Mr. CASSERLY. From what committee
docs that bill come?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask tho chair-
man of that committee whether he has con-
sidered tho question of the power of Congress
to invest judges with such an authority as that,
of marking out their own territorial jurisdic-
tion ?
Mr. NYE. It has been done before, and i(
is entirely within the power of Congress to
regulate the manner in which the States and
Territories shall be districted. In some bills
it is allowed to be done by the territorial Legis-
lature, and iu others by the judges; and il
was presumed by the committee, and indeed
1 know by experience, that the judges them-
selves know better how to make the districts
for the accommodation of the people than any-
body else.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. It this bill leads to dis-
cussion I must insist on going on with the bill
that has been taken up on my motion. I
allowed this bill to come up informally, with
the understanding that there was to be no
debate about it. Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia propose to debate the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 should like to have an
opportunity to look into it, and peihaps then
I shall allow it to pass without objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be laid over.
KEroitTS OP COMMITTEES.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 189) to amend the
several acts of Congress relating to naturaliza-
