722
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and all other professors shall have the pay of
major ; anil hereafter there shall be allowed
and paid to said professors ten per centum of
their current yearly pay for each and every
term of five years' continuous service : Pro-
vided, That such addition shall in no case
exceed forty per centum of said yearly pay;
and said professors are hereby placed upon the
same footing as regards retirement from active
service as officers of the Army.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
pay and allowances of the enlisted men of the
Army shall lemain as now fixed by law until
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one ; and it shall be unlawful for any
officer to use any enlisted man as a servant in
any casewhntever.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion two ot the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
hereafter no officer shall be entitled to wear
while on duty any uniform other than that of
his actual rank, on account of having been
breveted; nor shall he be addressed in orders
or official communications by any title other
than that of his actual rank.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
President ot' the United States bo, and he is
hereby, authorized to drop from the rolls of the
Army for desertion any officer who is now, or
who may hereafter be, absent from duty three
months without leave; and any ofliecr so
dropped shall forfeit all pay and allowances
due or to become due, and shall not. be eligible
for reappointment.
Skc. 18. And be it further enacted, That it
shall not. be lawful for any oliicer of the Army
i.f the United States on the active list to hold
•uiy civil office, whether by election or appoint-
ment, and any such oliicer accepting or exer-
cising the functions of a civil ofiice shall at
once cease to be an oliicer of the Army, and
iiis commission shall be vacated thereby.
Slit:, li). And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall be construed to pre-
vent the assignment to duty, as additional
second lieutenants, of the graduates of the
Military Academy.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
Secretary of War shall prepare a system of
general regulations for the administration of
the affairs of the Army, which, when approved
by Congress, shall be in force and obeyed until
altered or revoked by tho same authority; and
said regulations shall be reported to Congress
at its next session : Provided, That said regu-
lations shall not be inconsistent with the laws
of the United States.
Sbo. 21. Andbeic further enacted, Thatthe
Secretaries of War and the Navy be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed so to
arrange the course of studies and the order
of recitations at the Military and Naval Acad-
emies that the students in said institutions
will not be required to pursue their studies on
Sunday.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to permit one or more trading establishments
to be maintained at any military post on the
frontier not in the vicinity of any city or town,
when, in his judgment, such establishment is
needed for the accommodation of emigrants,
11fighters, and otSier citizens; and the persons
to maintain such trading establishments shall
be appointed by him : Provided, That, such trad-
ers shall be under protection and military con-
tiol as camp followers. The joint resolution
approved March thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, to authorize the Commanding Gen-
eral of the Army to permit traders to remain
at certain military posts is hereby repealed.
Sec. 23. Andbeit further enacted,, That any
retired officer may, on his own application, be
detailed to serve as professor in any college;
but while so serving such officer shall be
allowe#no additional compensation.
Seo. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
nay of the officers of the Army shall be as fol-
lows : the pay of the General shall be thirteen
thousand five hundred dollars a year; Lieuten-
ant General shall be eleven thousand dollars a
year ; the pay of major general shall be seven
thousand five hundred dollars ; the pay of briga-
dier general shall be five thousand five hun-
dred dollars ; the pay of colonel shall be three
thousand five hundred dollars; the pay of lieu-
tenant colonel shall be three thousand dollars;
the pay of major shall be two thousand five
hundred dollars; the pay of captain, mounted,
shall bo two thousand dollars; the pay of cap-
tain, not mounted, shall be eighteen hundred
dollars ; the pay of adjutant shall be eighteen
hundred dollars; the pay of regimental quar-
termaster shall be eighteen hundred dollars ;
the pay of first lieutenant, mounted, shall be
sixteen hundred dollars ; the pay of first lieu-
tenant, not mounted, shall be fifteen hundred
dollars; the pay of second lieutenant, mounted,
shall be fifteen hund'-ed dollars ; the pay of
second lieutenant, not mounted, shall be four-
teen hundred dollars ; the pay of chaplain shall
be fifteen hundred dollars; the pay of aide-
de-camp to major general shall be two hundred
dollars per annum in addition to pay of his
rank; the pay of aide-de-camp to brigadier
general shall be one hundred and fifty dollars
per annum in addition to pay of his rank ; the
pay of acting assistant commissary shall be one
hundred dollars in addition to pay of his rank;
and there shall be allowed and paid to each
and every commissioned officer below the rank
of brigadier general, including chaplains and
others having assimilated rank or pay, ten per
centum of tlieir current yearly pay for each
and every term of five years of service : Pro-
vided, That the total amount of such increase
for length of service shall in no case exceed
forty percentumon the yearly pay of his grade
as established by this act: And provided fur-
ther, That the pay of a colonel shall in no case
exceed four thousand five hundred dollars per
annum, nor the pay of a lieutenant colonel
four thousand dollars per annum, and these
sums shall be in full of all commutation of
quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages and
clothing, longevity rations, and all allowances
of every name and nature whatever, and shall
be paid monthly by the paymaster : Provided,
That fuel, quarters, and forage in kind may
be furnished to officers by the quartermaster's
department, as now allowed by law and regu-
lations : And provided further, That when any
officer shall travel under orders, and shall not
be furnished transportation by the quarter-
master's department, or on a conveyance be-
longing to or chartered by the United States,
he shall be allowed ten cents per mile, and no
more, for each mile actually by him traveled
under such order, distances to be calculated
according to the nearest post routes ; and no
payment shall be made to any officer except
by a paymaster of the Army. Officers retired
from active service shall receive seventy-five
per centum of the pay of the rank upon which
they are retired.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That
every private soldier and officer who has served
in the Army of the United States during the
rebellion, for ninety days, and remained loyal
to the Government, and every seaman, marine,
and officer, or other person, who has served in
the Navy of the United States, or in the Marine
corps or revenue marine, during the rebellion,
for ninety days, and remained loyal to the Gov-
ernment, shall, on payment of the fee or com-
mission to any register or receiver of anylan'd
office required by lav/, be entitled to enter one
quarter section of land, not mineral, of the alter-
nate reserved sections of public lands along
the lines of any one of the railroads or other
public works in the United States, wherever
public lands have been or may be granted by
acts of Congress, and to receive a patent there-
for under and by virtue of the provisions of the
act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain, and the acts amendatory
thereof, and on the terms and conditions therein
prescribed; and all the provisions of said acts,
except as hereiu modified, shall extend and be
applicable to entries under this act, and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
hereby authorized to prescribe the necessary
rules and regulations to carry this section into
effect, and determine all facts necessary there-
for.
Ai'fkoved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCXCV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Pep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be. and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the naval service of the
Government for tho year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy one.
For pay of commissioned and warrant, offi-
cers, and for mileage or transportation of offi-
cers traveling under orders, and for pay of the
petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, lands-
men, and boys, including men for the eng'n-
eers' force, eight thousand live hundred men,
at an average pay of three hundred dollars each
per annum, seven million dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy Depart-
ment, one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
bureau of yards a>~d docks.
For the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia.
For annual repairs of buildings and care of
grounds, eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For improvement of cemetery, five bundled
dollars.
For support of the beneficiaries, fifiy-four
thousand dollars; and thisand the two preced-
ing sums shall be paid out of the naval pension
fund.
For Civil Establishment at the Navy-Yard,
Kittery, New Hampshire.
For civil engineer, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for draughtsman and clerk to
civil engineer, at one thousand four hundred
dollars each; for clerk of pay-rolls and muster-
ing clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars ;
for receiver and inspector of stores, one thou-
sand live hundred dollars; for clerk to com-
mandant, one thousand five hundred dollars;
for clerk to receiver and inspector, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; for chief account-
ant, one thousand eight hundred dollars: gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand dollars;
and for messenger ot commandant's ofiice, six
hundred dollars; making in all fourteen thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Boston, Massachusetts.
For civil engineer, two thousand five hun-
dreddollars; fordraughtsmanand clerk to civil
engineer, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each; for clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk,
one thousand five hundred dollars; for receiver
and inspector of stores, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for writer to receiver and inspector
of stores, nine hundred and thirty-nine dollars;
for chief accountant, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; for one clerk to commandant, one
