1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2681
man will see that the object of this provision
is to afford an incentive to promotion and
secure for these positions that sort of talent
which they require. It will tend to increase
greatly the efficiency of the office.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear the gentleman's
question, although this matter of salaries is too
small to waste much time upon.
Mr. KELSEY. Are there not new offices
created by the bill?
Mr. JENCKES. There are none. The
offices are precisely the same as those fixed in
the appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Is not this assistant com-
missioner a new office?
Mr. JENCKES. No ; it is created by the
appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY. This is the first information
I have had that any new office is created by the
appropriation bill.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will look
at the appropriation bill he will find that my
statement is correct.
The only other new feature in the organiza-
tion of the office is the proposed authority on
the part of the Commissioner to establish rules.
This authority was asked by the Commissioner
and objected to by some of those who do busi-
ness in the office. The committee finally agreed
that authority to establish rules should be
granted to the Commissioner, subject to the ap-
proval of his official chief, the Secretary of the
Interior ; and to this all parties have agreed.
No other change is proposed in the constitu-
tion of the Patent Office.
In the law with regard to patents, which
appears as chapter two of the bill, there are
four principal propositions of amendment. I
will consider them in the order of their mate-
riality. One is the requirement of a fee to be
paid at the expiration of seven years from the
date of the patent, and another at the end of
the third year as a condition of keeping the
patent alive. Such a provision is found in the
patent laws of almost alKither countries. The
proposition has met the commendation of the
Commissioner and of persons doing business
at the office. Its adoption will increase the
revenues of the office, and will weed out those
worthless patents which are sometimes taken
hold of by speculators near the expiration of
their terms for the purpose of harassing the
public with ingenious reissues. One great,
annoyance and evil will be removed and posi-
tive good obtained in its place.
Auother source of difficulty, and which was
becoming a great one, arose from the fact
that there is a large number of what are called
rejected applications in the Patent Office.
During the past year there were over five thou-
sand of final rejections, and the year before
nearly as many, and since the constitution of
the office there are perhaps twenty thousand
remaining in the office ; most of these rejec-
tions have been acquiesced in and the claims
abandoned. But some of these have been
rejected improperly and contain descriptions
of valuable inventions. In course of Jime it
has been discovered inmanycasestherejection
was wrong and that the examiner had made a
mistake, and the applicant has again made
application for his patent and pressed it, and
it has sometimes been allowed and sometimes
rejected. If allowed, he would go and try its va-
lidity in thecourts. If refused, the furtherdiffi-
culty arose on the provision in the existing laws
for the revision of the decisions of the Commis-
sioner. As the law now stands an appeal may be
taken to one of thejudges of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, or remedy be had by
suit in equity in that or any other circuit court.'
This led to a conflict in the jurisdiction exer-
cised by the Commissioner and that exercised
bv a single judge in this District court, and ex^
posed behind it a further and greater cause of
difficulty. That is, the law as it now stands
contains no provision absolute m itself, clearly
and distinctly defining what should constitute
the abandonment of an invention to the public.
We heard the solicitors at great length on this
question, and the conclusion the committee
arrived at is expressed in two short provisions
of the proposed bill. The substance of them
I will state. ®sch and every party whose ap-
plication has been refused is allowed two years
to renew that application before the Commis-
sioner, but this provision is not allowed to
revive any application for an invention which
has been as a matter of fact abandoned to the
public. In other words, it says a mere lapse
of time in the prosecution of an application for
a patent shall not be conclusive evidence of
abandonment; that the right to a patent for a
first and original invention is a vested right
and can only be lost by the inventor in not
proceeding in accordance with the provisions
of law, or in his forfeiting that right in accord-
ance with those provisions; and to those in
this condition not cut off by any positive exist-
ing statute of limitation a new statute of lim-
itation is proposed, defining the time within
which such new application shall be made.
Thus all the rights are preserved and the mode
of prosecuting them is pointed out. This
field of controversy concerning these old appli-
cations, whether abandoned or not, is fully and
satisfactorily provided for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Rhode Island a
question. If I understand this new legislation,
it does not in any way affect anybody's rights
in the proposed question of abandonment.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all. It_ carefully
preserves all rights which we considered we
were bound to do. As I said, the considera-
tion of this subjoet led us to the question of
the remedy for wrongful action in the office,
and on the meaning of the act of Congress
providing such remedy a controversy arose
most difficult to settle. In the original con-
stitution of the office it was provided that an
appeal might be taken from the decision of the
Commissioner. It was presumed at the time
the law of 1836 was passed that the office of
Commissioner of Patents might become a po-
litical office; that a person might be appointed
who hail had no experience in its peculiar duties
or with preconceived opinions which he might
attempt to act upon, although not warranted by
the law. Great injustice might thus be done
through inexperience or prejudice.
In order to provide a correction for errors
which might arise from these and other causes,
the seventh section of the act of 1836 contained
a provision for the appointment of a board of
three examiners in each case, when the ap-
plicant persisted in his claim for a patent after
a refusal by the Commissioner, one of whom
should be selected, if practicable and conven-
ient, for his knowledge and skill in the particu-
lar art, manufacture, or branch of science to
which the alleged invention appertains, to which
board an appeal might be taken to review the
action of the Commissioner. This board were
required to be furnished "with the opinion and
decision of the Commissioner, stating the par-
ticular grounds of his objection, and the part
or parts of th^invention which he considers as
not entitled to bo patented," and they were
empowered, upon hearing, "to reverse the de-
cision of the Commissioner either in whole or in
partand in the further proceedings to be had
on such application for a patent, the Commis-
sioner was to be governed by the decision of this
board. The subject of the appeal was a scien-
tific question, and was referred as a question
of fact to the decision of men of science.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask another question?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I see here in the bill provis-
ion made for an Assistant Commissioner, with
a salary of $3,000, and for examiners-in-chief,
with salaries of $3,000 each. I desire to ask
whether either of these offices is new.
Mr. JENCKES. The offices are not new
in this bill. The Assistant Commissioner was
provided for in the appropriation bill, and the
office of examiner-in-chief was created in 1861.
Mr. WARD. But I understand that in the
Senate they were stricken out of the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is mis-
taken, for that bill has not yet been acted on
in the Senate. The office of examiner in
charge of the annual report has been done
away with by a resolution which has passed
the House, but which has not yet passed the
Senate; and the Assistant Commissioner of
this bill takes the place of that officer.
Mr. WARD. If that should pass the Sen-
ate these former officers will remain. And
then, if this bill passes, these new officers will
be created in addition.
Mr. JENCKES. The result will be that
there will be a decrease in expense, but an
increase in efficiency.
When the gentleman interrupted me I was
speaking about this question of appeal. This
provision for the constitution of a board of
scientific persons was found to be impractica-
ble. It was to be a special board in each par-
ticular case. The successive boards would have
no uniform rule of decision. Their action
might be capricious and even vexatious. One
person might get a patent when it ought to be
refused; while another who ought to get a
patent might be denied. In the supplement-
ary act ot' 1839 provision was made for an
appeal from the Commissioner to the chief
justice of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia—then Chief Justice Cranch—with
some idea, it would appear, of creating a super-
visory power in this chief justice which would
have an analogy in this case to the exercise
of judicial power, though it was not a judicial
power. This arrangement continued, and with
some degree of success, until from the infirm-
ities of the chief justice ho was unable to
attend to these duties, and then the duties were
devolved upon either of the associate judges
of that court—two judges sitting separately and
each deciding according to his own notions of
the scientific part of any case which happened
to come up, and, what was equally bad if not
worse, according to his own views of the law
of each particular case. There was no concert
between them, no consultation, no deference
to each other's opinions; and this led to differ-
ent decisions in the same class of cases.
This state of things continued during the
commissionership of Judge Mason, who called
the attention of Congress to it in his report of
1853 in the following words:
" The presentmodeof appealing from the decisions
of the office is extremely inconvenient and in many
respects objectionable. ThePatentOifico should pos-
sess within itsolf tho entire power to act upon a easo
up to the time when a patent issues. The wholo
matter should then be turned over to the judiciary.
If it be thought expedient to have tho action of a
strictly legal mind brought to bear upon a patent
before it issues that mind should form a portion of
tho Patent Office itself, and bo mado to cxerciso a
supervisory influence upon all tho patents that are
issued by the office. At present tho appellate power
is vested practically in either of two highly rcspect-
ablo and intelligent judges, either of whom, under
proper circumstances, would no doubt bo able to
exert a salutary supervisory influence over the office
and its decisions; but the two do not act conjointly,
and therefore unity of decision is hardly possible. A
few cases go up by appeal out of the hundreds that
are decided by tho office. The appellate, and there-
fore controlling power, cannot be expected under
such circumstances to give tone and character to tho
action of the office. Besides, under the present prac-
tice, the drawings and models have to be removed
from tho Patent Office to the offices of the respective
appellate judges. Away from the custody of their
proper keepers they are often injured and always
liable to be destroyed or lost.
" If it is thought expedient tohaVo as wide a range
for appeals as at present, it is believed that a much
inoro convenient and judicious arrangement would
bo found in having a judicial officer to hear appeals
from tho decisions of the examiners, with the power
of ultimate appeal to the Commissioner.
When the present court was constituted and
the old court legislated out of existence ap-
peals were allowed to each of the four judges.
The evils pointed out by the Commissioner of
Patents were increased fourfold by the pro-
