1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1737
POST A i TELEGRAPH
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, submitted
the following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
■Resolved, That the special committee to which was
referred the postal telegraph bill be instructed to
inquire into the suhj ect of tel egraphing in the United
States, and bo authorized to send for persona and to
examine witnesses.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
35, noes 68 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washburn, of
Wisconsin, and Mr. Holmax.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 75.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it went over.
appointment of cadets.
Mr. SAWYER. At the request of the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] 1 offer
the following resolution, and demand the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report to the House by
what means and for what reasons Clarence A. Stead-
man, of the city of Boston, was lately appointed a
cadet at the Military Academy at West Point, and
James P. Kuhnhardt was appointed to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, and both credited to the six*
teenth congressional district of Pennsylvania; and
that in case such investigation should involve any
person or parsons in improper or corrupt practices,
the committee shall notify such person or persons,-
and allow to him or them a full and fair hearing,
with permission to appear and examine and cross-
examine witnesses.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Does the gentleman require further count on
seconding the demand for'the previous ques-
tion?
* Mr. LOGAN. This conflicts with the reso-
lution adopted by the House the other day.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we are entitled
to have ft stated as a matter of fact whether 
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. LOGAN. What is proposed by this
resolution was voted down the other day.
On ordering the main question there were—
syes 52, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Logan and Mr. Cessna were
appointed.
Mr. VOORHEES. Would it be in order
to make an inquiry about this ?
The SPEAKER. Nothing but a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 67, noes 58.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the House by unani-
mous consent allow me to make one sugges-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The rales do not allow
the Chair even to ask for unanimous consent
during the morning hour on Monday.
Mr. SCHENCKT I would ask whether the
resolution states at what time the appoint-
ments were made.
The SPEAKER. The word used in the
resolution is "lately."
Mr. CESSNA. One appointment was made
in 1865 and the other in 1866.
The question was '' Shall the main question
he now ordered ?"
The question was taken; and was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 81, not voting 66 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
geatt.y, Benjamin. Bennett, Boles, Boyd, Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Ulurchill, Amasa 0obb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
JJavis, Dawes, Dickoy, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Fer-
ris", Perry, Gilfillan, Hambleton, Harris, Hawkins.
nay.Heaton, Heflin. Hill, Hoar, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, McGrew, McKee, Mercur,
Mihjes, Wilham Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Negley, Orth, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, htrong, Taffe.Tillman.Townsend, Twichell,
Upson, Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Williams, John T.Wilson, and
\V oodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell, Beaman,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Burehard, Burr, Calkin, Conger, Cowles,
Cox, Crehs,Cullom. Dickinson, Box, Eldridge, Fin-
kelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gets, Haight, Hawley,
Hays, liolman, Hooper, Hotohkiss, Jenckes, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd.Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Laf-
jin, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, May-
nam.Maynard, McCarthy .McCormiek, McCrary, Mo-
Nee ly.JSliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Niblack. Packard, Pome-
roy, Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
SchenelQ Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Swann, Tanner,
JLrimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Willard, and Wood—61.
NOT V 0TINU-—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Baraum, Benton, Bird, Bookwr,
Bowen, James Brooks, Buck, Burdett, Cake, Clarke,
Cleveland, Coburn, Covode, Dixon, Dyer, Eta, Farns-
worth. Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hale, Hamill, Hamilton. Hoge, Ingersotl, Johnson,
l^elsey. Lash, Lyncb, McKenaie, Morgan, Morrissey,
O'NeiU. Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Lionel A. Sheldon,
, Porter bheldon, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
! Stone, Strader, Strickland, Sweeney, Tyner, Van
t Wyck, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winches-
: ter, and Witcher—66.
i So the House refused to order the main
question.
j ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. STOKES obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] is recognized by the
Chair, but gives way to allow several gentle-
i men who were not in their places when the
I States and Territories were called to offer bills
and resolutions, by unanimous consent.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1450) to define swamp
and overflowed lands; which was read a first
and secondtime, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
HOSPITAL IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. JULIAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1451) to provide
for the establishment of an infirmary hospital
building in the city of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF SHIP-BUILDERS.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1452) for the relief of
ship-builders and material men, and to provide
a speedy remedy for the collection of claims
against domestic ships and vessels; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
b. T. BtJTLER.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That a sum not exceeding $2J)00, being
the expenses and counsel fees incurrea by B. F. But-
ler, a member of the Fortieth Congress, in defend-
ing asuit brought against him by Charles W. Woolley,
in the city of Baltimore, for his action as a member
of this House in sustaining its rights and privileges,
be paid from the contingent fund of the House.
CHEBOKEE TREATY OF JULY, 1866.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion; which were referred to the Committee !
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed:
Whereas the tenth article of the treaty of July
19, 1866. between the United States and the Chero- j
kee nation of Indians stipulates in these words:
"Every Cherokee and free person resident in the
Cherokee nation shall have the right tosell any
products of his farm, including his or her live stock '
or any merchandise or manufactured products,
and to ship and drive the same to market without
restraint, paying a tax thereon, which is now or may
be levied by the United States on the quantity sold
outside of the Indian territory;" and whereas Elias
C. Boudinot, a " Cherokee resident in tho Cherokee
nation," confiding in the faith of the Government,
did, subsequent to the date of said treaty, manufac-
ture and sell tobacco in the Cherokee nation "with-
out restraint:" and whereas it is not charged by
any party that the said Boudinot ever sold any
manufactured products" "outside of the Indian
territory" without paying the tax thereon levied by
the United States; and whereas on the20th of July,
1868, an act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes, was passed, the
one hundred and seventh section of which reads as
follows:
"And be it further enacted. That the internal reve-
nue laws, imposing taxes on distilled spirits, fer-
mented liquors, tobacco,souff, and cigars shall be Uekl
j and construed to extend to such articles produced
, anywhere within the exterior boundaries of the Uni-
i ted States, whether the same shall be within a collec-
tion district or not."
And whereas the said Boudinot, after tho passage
ofsaidaetof July 20,1868. referred the question of his
right to manufacture and sell bis manufactured pro-
ducts within the Indian territory without paying
tax thereon to the United States to Mr. Rollins, at
that tame Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
whereas on the 23d day of February, 1869, in response
to such reference, Mr. Rollins decided that "notwith-
standing the language of said section, the tax could
not be collected upon tobaeco manufactured in the
Indian country so longasitremained in said country;
j but upon its being brought within any collection dis-
j trict of the United States it would be liable to seizure
; and forfeiture unless it should be properly stamped,
i thus indicating that the tax imposed by lawhadbeen
paid;" and whereas after Hon. Columbus Delano suc-
ceeded Mr. Rollins as Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue the saidBoudinot submitted thesame questions
to Mr. Delano, citing the one hundred and seventh
section of the act of July20.1868, and the tenthartiolo
o f the Cherokee treaty of 1866; and whereas Commis-
sioner Delano referred the questions submitted to
his legal adviser, to which the following opinion was
given:
In the matter of taxes on tobacco produced in ike ter-
ritory of the Cherokee nation.
Sib: I have examined the argument of Colonel
Elias C. Boudinot, a citizen of the Cherokee nation,
against the collection within its territory of taxes
upon tobacco manufactured there, and have tho
honor to make the following reply:
The question whether section one hundred and
seven ot the act of 20th July, 1868, intended that the
revenue laws relating to tobacco and spirits produced
in"thelndian country'' should be extended into that
country and there enforced was submitted to toe by
yourself about the 12th day of August last. I had the
honor to advise you that, without any reference to
! existing treaties, it was apparent on the face of the
statute itself that Congress did not intend to apply
the revenue laws to the Indian country itself, but to
the articles produced there; and that the applica-
tion could be made only to such part of these manu-
factures as. might be carried thence into the States
or Territories of the United States. The action of
yeu# offiee was afterward taken is accordance with
this advice, and instructions to that affetot Were sent,
as I was informed, to the revenue officers of Kansas,
Missouri, and Texas.
Very respectfully, CHARLES P. JAMES,
Orunselor at JLaw.
Hon. Columbds Dei.ano,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And whereas Commissioner Delano wroto the fol-
lowing letter:
TbeaSuby Department,
Office of Internal Rkvenu«,
Washington, October 21.1869.
Gentlemen: This office does not propose to applx
within the territories of the Cherokee nation tm
revenue laws relating to tobacoo and spirit* pro-
duced there, but holds that section ou# honored
and seven of the act of20th July, 1868, applies to the
articles themselves, and will he enforced when those
articles are carried into the States or Territories of
the United States for sale. The grounds of this de-
termination and the instructions given to the rev-
enue officers are more fully explained by the accom-
panying memorandum of opinion by Judge James,
to whom the question was originally referred.
Very respectfully,
C. DELANO, Commissioner.
Messrs. Pike So Johnson, Counselors at Law.
A11 of which opinion of Judge James and letter of
Commissioner Delano were authorized to be sent,
and were sent, to the said Boudinot as the final set-
tlement of the question; and whereas but a few days
after the date of the Commissioner's deeision he
authorized and instructed the supervisor of internal
revenue for the district of Arkansas to seize tho
tobacco factory of the said Boudinot in the Cherokee
nation; and whereas, in pursuance to such instruc-
tions, the property of # the said Boudinot in the
Indian country was seized, and he_ arrested as a
felon without notice of any change in the opinion
of the Commissioner, and for no other offense than
pursuing a legitimate business specially authorized
by treaty and the repeated decisions of the revenuo
department; and whereas the said Boudinot has
applied to have the merits of his case referred to the
Attorney General for bis decision, and the Secretary
of the Treasury has refused to submit the questions
involved to the Attorney General; and whereas the
said Boudinot has not given bail, but is still at large
courting arrest in vain, that he may obtain a decis-
ion from the courts: Therefore,
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Uni-
