1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3625
Ik will ba observed that the expenditures fbr
secret service during the early part of Mr. Lin-
coln's administration were large. They were ne 
cessarily so. The dangers that surrounded the
Government on every side tendered the employ-
ment of secret agents and the use of 6eoret ser-
vice money an absolute necesiity. But the
whole amount expended during Mr. Lineoln'g
administration fbr the seot-et service, covering
the entire time of the rebellion, was only
$10^,347 40, while the amount drawn from the
Treasury during Mr. Johnson's administra-
tion was $160,025 41; but $98,280 of this sum
were returned to the Treasury, so that only
$62,848 41 were aotnally expended. It Vrill not
escape observation that the expenditure during
the last two months of Mr. Johnson's admin-
istration was large. Between the 1st day of
January, 1869, and the 26th day of February,
one month and twenty-six days, the amount
expended for the secret service was $7,594 89.
Inthecolumnof the table headed "remarks"
there are some entries that do not fully ex-
plain themselves. The words "due from him
$10,846 80," set opposite a disbursement of
$1,700 88 itt gold, and of $15,421 49 in notes,
do not furtmh any very definite information.
It the whole balance in the hands of the agent
at that time $10,846 89, or does that balance
relate to that particular disbursement only? I
am inclined to think it relates to that disburse-
ment only, because there is a similar "fetflark"
set opposite each subsequent disbursement, save
one, in the table; tttid these "remarks" show
that there wai "due from him," (whoever
f'hia*" maybe,) iti the aggregatej $141,014 42.
This, to say the least of it, Is rather a loose
way of handling public money that has been
specifically appropriated, and I think the pro-
v«<> I intend to offer will tend to oofrect it.
It may sot be amies to remark in this con-
nection that the saine man who was " agent"
in drawing from the Treasury $106,610 09
under the administration of Mr. Johnson (a
part of which #as afterward paid back, al-
though Johtisen certified that satisfactory proof
had tieea produced to him that the money had
been expended) still holds his position in the
State Department, and I Am strongly induced
to believe that he has beeri furbishing his " sat-
isfactory proof " to President Orant, add that
he has expended another large sutn of money,
to Wit, the sum pf $106,230, that has hot been
accounted for, no* has any part of it been paid
back into the Treasury. This is not exactly
the stjtn to which Mr. Johnson certified, bat it
is very near it. The thousands are the same, I
but the bnndteds are not; they are not quite
so tttany. It is $280 against $610 09. Bat it
is a little singular that he Bbould want on eaeh
occasion the same number of thousands in gold.
There ia another point that I desire to call
attention to, and that ife to the allowances j
made to some of our ministers abroad for con-
tingent expenses. It, seems that at London
and Paris, dad probably at other places, allow-
ances are made for carriage hlrfe, ad well as
for office vent, fdel, lights, and stationery. At
Constantinople our minister has improved upon
this, attd ehatges the United States with the ;
expense of keeping his horses. Healsocharges j
and is allowed thfe Wages of four servants, one J
official messenger, a dragoman and his horse; 1
and in addition to all this he charges the Gov- i
eminent, and is allowed out of this fund for j
the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse, I
the sum of t^ettty dollars per month for '* Stor- j
age and safe-keeping of archives."
The inquiry naturally arises, Why was this 1
sum of $106,610 09 drdwn from the Treasury ?
What gredt neefcssity had arisen that required
the expenditure of this large sum in gold, the
objects of which it was inexpedient to make
khoWn ? Of course we have no official Inform-
ation on this subject, and We can obtain none.
But I have obtained some outside information, :
and I believe that I know why this $100,610 i
was draWn from the Treasury. There are a :
few persons in this country who believe, or pro-
fesB to believe, that it is the manifest destiny
of this Government to absorb, by purchase or
otherwise, all the territory that adjoins us or
lies near us, no matter what it may cost and
no matter how worthless it must be to us when
it is obtained. These persons have for the last
three or four years been directing their efforts
to the acquisition of San Domingo, and unfor-
tunately, if report speaks true, they have suc-
ceeded in impressing their insane ideas upon
the present Administration, to some extent at
least. Their Bpeci&l effort just now is to an-
nex San Domingo. They have been at work
for this object during the last four years. It
was for this purpose that the $106,610 was
drawn during Johnson's administration. It is
for thi$ purpose that this sanie agent procured
from President Gtent, on the 30th of Novem-
ber last., a certificate like the one I have caused
to be read, stating that satisfactory proof of
the expenditure of $100,000 had been furnished
to him; andthat sum is now in the hatids of
this agent, if it has not been expended in
negotiating the San Domingo treaty that is
now before the Senate, as I am informed and
believe.
Do the American people want San Domingo ?
They do not want it any more than they wanted
Alaska, which was purchased under Andrew
Johnson's administration in the desperate hope
of retrieving his falling fortunes. * It was in
keeping with his other official acts—only one
degree removed from actual insanity. We
bought the north pole and some islands lying
a few degrees this side of it for $7,200,000 in
gold, and had it not been for the fact that the
Russian Government that sold it to ns had
treated us as a friend during the rebellion the
appropriation to pay that sum could never have
pasied this House. Everybody can now see
what a foolish bargain we made, and many
saw it before the appropriation Was made. But,
they argued, Russia was our friend during the
rebellion, and we must deal generously with
her. The argument prevailed, and the money
was paid; but I do not believe the American
people are desirous of entering into another
land speculation of the kind, although it may
be located in a warmer climate. It is equally,
and, if possible, even more worthless to us than
Alaska, which has cost ub $57&,0OQ to take ftara
of, in addition to the $7,2Q0,000 of purchaee-
money, while we have received only $26,000
of revenue, in all shapes, from her.
We are told that we need a [naval station is
the West Indies. What fbr? We have already
several thousand miles of sea-board with any
number of places for flaval stations. And if
we establish a naval station in San Domingo
we must establish a navy equal in power to
that of any other'nation on earth, or this naval
statiflti in the West Indies will be an element
of weakness and not of strength. In case of
War With any great maritime nation it would
immediately be wrested from us, unless we have
a navy equal in force to that of our enemy to
defend it.
And besides, it would add largely to the ex-
penses ©f our Government to protect and gov-
ern the island after we have got it. I do not
believe that our constituents are willing to be
taxed for any such purpose, even if the party
with whom we have been treating had an un-
doubted right to convey to us. It is conoeded
on all sides that if we take San Domingo we
must take it with all its incumbrances; that
is, we must pay its public debt, whatever that
may be. But we are assured;that the debt will
not exceed $1,500,000; that is, this assurance
is given us in the newspapers and by individ-
uals in private conversation who are in ftivor
of making the acquisition. Our experience in
acquiring territory in the case of Texas ought
to make us cautious here, even if we were not
informed, as we have been, that the person
styling himself President Baez- has issued evi-
dences of debt, in the shape of national bonds,
amounting to more than $15,000,000. instead
of only $1,500,000, and some put the amount
as high as $50,000,000.
But why do we want San Domingo ? It would
be an element of weakness and not of strength
if we could get it without taking charge of a
civil war that now exists there. We buy of
one party to that contest, and must espouse
| the cause ot our grantor in order to get pos-
! session. The experiment of annexing San
I Domingo has been tried by Spain. The result
1 of that experiment and the material facts con-
nected with it I find so clearly and brielly stated
in a l&te number of the New York Sun that I
read an extract from that paper:
"In tho year 1861 Spain undertook the experi-
ment to Which we are now invited. She annexed
ijian Domingo. The people of tho country gave their
consent with greater apparent unanimity than they
havc now given it to annexation to the United
States. TherB was than no civil war in the repub-
lic, all apparently acquiescing in tho government
of President Santana. Tho annexation being coni-
, pleted, afi army of twenty thousand Spanish soldiers
was sent to maintain order in the new possession.
,! This army was reenforeed from time to time. It
contended with obstinacy against the civil war which
soon broke out, ami which it was found impossible
to put down, finally, in 1865, the Spanish forces
were withdrawn, leaving twonty-five thousand sol-
diers buried in Dominican soil. The whole opera-
tion entailed upon the Spanish Governmentan addi-
tion to their public debt of more than twenty-tivo
million dollars.
"Is there any reason to suppose that the United
States will be more fortunate in San Domingo than
Spain was ? Spain took there laws essentially the
same as those of the republic; the languase of her
Soldiers and civilians Was that of the country: her
j Social habits and usages were the same; her religion
was the same. We differ from the Dominicans m all
these respects. Wo shall carry to the island forms
i and modes of law to Which tho people are entirely
strange. Our language is alien to their ears; our
manners and customs arc unlike any to which they
have been habituated. In religion we tolerate every-
thing except that enforced uniformity to which they
hare been wont. In addition to this, we find
there a long-established civil war, already on tho
point of overthrowing and expelling from the coun-
try the Government with which we have undertaken
to treat. Is it probable that under Puoh circum-
stances we shall be able to hold the island after we
have annexed it?
"With thirty thousand soldiers in San Domingo
Spain had to suffer the humiliation of abandoning
it.. How laree an army will it require to protect us
against such a disgrace? Certainly not less than
fifty tnousahd tfien. Nor can fifty men-of-war avail
to' blockadfe the <WMt, arid keep out those who would
attempt to farnieh arms and materials of  rar to our
onenjies.iu the interior. The expense of annexing
San DOihingo, and of holding it for a single year by
ioefens Of HSfch a military and navfil force, cannot bo
lew than ttn> hundred miUiorf dollars. Npr at the
end of the year, or of aiiy period that can be esti-
mated beforehand, shall we bo reliered from the
necessity of maintaining our hold upon the island
by on army and afleet." .
We are giving away homesteads and granting
millions of acres of our public lands to render
it possible for those who are willing to accept
tbem to get td the lands we give them. Atid
yet wo dre constantly urged to annex more
territory at an. expense of unknown millions,
merely for the pleasure of giving the land
away to domi company that proposes to con-
struct arailroad or lay a telegraphic cable. Our
whole system of appropriating money is defect-
ive, loose, extravagant. The estimates are
. made in the.first instance by third or fourth
class clerks, who are heads of divisions^ and
reported to the clerks at the head of bu-
reaus, and then, after being revised,, and
increased or diminished, as the case may be,
the estimate® go to the head of a Department,
who amends them as he sees fit, and sends them:
; to the Secretary of the Treasury.
It often happens that the bead of a Dapart-
■ ment knows.nothing at all about the amount
i of money required by the different bureaus of
| his Department. He knows how much his
subordinates say they want, and lie ge lie rally
' sends their estimates to the Secretary of tho
i Treasury, who fend? them here in the book
: of estimates-*** book that very few members
take the trouble - to read, unless they happun
to want art appropriation or it becomes their
| doty to examine it as members of a com tun
■ tee. This method of making up the estimates
i might not be so objectionable if the clerk*
