426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 78,
noes 36. ,
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed
and must go to the Speaker's table. .
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and I call ior
the yeas and nays on that motion. _
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order,
as the bill has been amended since it was
reconsidered. ,.
Mr. JUDD. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to withdraw his
demand for the reading of the engrossed bill,
as it is but taking up time to no purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I will do so if
the bill is read as it now stands. I hold that
it still provides a penalty without first securing
a conviction by a court.
The bill, as amended, was then again read. #.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion
to reconsider.
The question was upon the passage of the
biH- „ ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, called for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; an d under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OHDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill in relation to Virginia,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
mo for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. For what purpose 1
Mr. PAINE. I want to submit a motion for
a morning hour.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
i'kmusflns of tiie rj.ooi;.
Air. GAKPIELI). of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Rules :
Uesohed, Thatthorulesof thcllousebeso amended
as to allow the Assistant Secretaries of the several
lvxecuthc Departments admission to the floor of the
House.
reduction of the army. "
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 805) to reduce the
Army of the XJnited States and to fix the pay
thereof; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 806) to reduce the Army; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ABUSES Of POST OBSICE DESAIrtMEST.
Air. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 807) to pre-
vent and punish certain abuses of the Post
Office establishment, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 move to reconsider the
various votes of reference just taken ; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bronze doors 01? the capitol.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the architect of the Capitol be re-
quested to make immediate examination and report
to this House whether the great bronze doors closing
one of the passages leading from the, Rotunda to the
Hall of the House of Representatives may not bo re-
moved and put up either at the principal entrance
in the east front of the south wing of the Capitol, or
at some other entrance or doonvay, where it will be
more eligibly placed for ornamentation and conven-
ience.
l'oet of chester, pennsylvania.
Mr. TOWNSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 808) to provide
for the compensation of the surveyor of the
port of Chester, in Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
post office of the house.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster of the House of Representatives ;
which was read, as follows :
Post Office Holse op Kepkesextatives,
Washington, i). 0., January 13,18(0.
Sib: By a resolution of the House, adopted yester-
day, I observe that it was ordered that the post
offico of tlie House be transferred to the room now
occupied by the Committee on the Post Offices and
Post Roads;" and that by a subsequent resolution of
the Houso tho city branch post office is also assigned
to tho same room.
Cheerfully doferrincf at all times to the will of the
House, whether formally or informally expressed,
I beg leave to ftate that the room thus assigned to
this and tho city branch office does not aflord the
accessary facilities for the prompt and correct trans-
action of tho duties of the Houso post office alone;
while it is entirely inadequate for the use of the two
offices combined. . , ,, .
Owing to tho lato hour at which tho mail trains
reach tho city, I find it exceedingly difficult to deliver
the mn.il to members in season to meet their con-
venience with all the facilities we now have, while
the changes proposed will render it utterly impossi-
ble for tho mails to bo delivered to a large portion
of the members at anything like a reasonable hour,
especially those arriving by the morning trains.
X therefore respectfully request that before the
resolutions referred to bo earned into effect I may
bo allowed an opportunity to more fully communi-
cate to the House, orsomo proper committee of tho
same, tho objections which lie against tho enforce-
ment of tho orders of tho Houso to which I have
alluded.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
■WILLIAM S. KING,.
Postmaster House of Representatives,
Hon. James G-. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Mr. POLAND. I move that the communi-
cation .just read bo referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds; and also
that the following resolution be adopted :
Kesolocd, That tho Committee on Public Buildings
and Uiounds be directed ro examine and determine
as to the proper location and arrangement of tho
House post office, and report the same to tho House
as soon as practicable: and that until such report all
action for the removal of tho post office from its
present location be suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. POLAND. I do.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman. Ifhe has anything to say
in support of this resolution I will wait until
he is through.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I understand
that the resolutions which have been adopted
yesterday and the day before in reference to
changing the assignment of committee-rooms
and also changing the location of the post
office have had for their design the convenience
of the several committees concerned—the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the Committee on
Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking
and Currency. Now, I certainly have no desire
to interfere with the convenience of any of the
gentlemen composing these committees. I
desire, if they are not already conveniently
situated with reference to committee-rooms,
that they should be better accommodated. But
we are all interested in the post office and in
having it in a proper place.
Now, without saying anything m reference
to the convenience of the rooms which these
committees now occupy, I say that in my judg-
ment the room which the House has designated
for the use of the post office is utterly unsuit-
able. It is impossible, as I understand—and I
have examined the room to see well in that
room even on a bright day_; without having the
gas burning there is not light enough there to
enable any one to write. The windows of that
room are covered by the front steps of tne
House wing of the Capitol. Besides, the room
is damp; its walls are discolored by dampness.
Now, although it may be inconvenient for
some of the gentlemen of these committees to
occupy the rooms that have heretofore^ been
assigned to those committees, I think, sir, we
ought to pay some attention to the conven-
ience, at least to the health and the lives, of
those men who occupy the post office to do our
work there. It is quite as important that the
men who are obliged to stay there during the
whole day and a considerable part of the night
should have a suitable place in which to per-
form their duty as that the gentlemen of this
House serving upon committees and meeting
in their committee-rooms for an hour or two
on one or two days of the week should be prop-
erly accommodated.
1 do not propose by this resolution to break
up the arrangement which has been made in
reference to the change of committee-rooms; I
donotproposethatthe several committees con-
cerned shallnothave the rooms which have been
assigned to them; but before thechange is made
I propose that some place reasonably suitable
shall be selected for the post office. I now yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
understand the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] as desiring to break up the arrange-
ment which has been made; but I do under-
stand that, perhaps unconsciously to himself,
he is playing into the hands of one who desires
to baffle and delay, and if possible prevent, the
execution of any order that the House may
make which he deems to be against his own
convenience. For months some of the com-
mittees of this House, finding the accommo-
dations provided for them utterly inadequate
for the proper discharge of their public duties,
have sought a change ; and they have looked
about in all directions to see how that change
might be made consistently with the public
advantage, with the convenient transaction of
business by this House in all its various de-
partments and through its several committees
and ofiicers, and they finally came to the con-
clusion that the arrangement which I have
proposed, and which the House has ordered,
was the best which, with the limited accommo-
dations of the Capitol, couldbeexpected, every-
body being satisfied with that except the Post-
master.
.Now, the Postmaster does not mean to be
understood, perhaps, in the way in which gen-
tlemen think he does, because I have had his
assurance, given after the passage of the reso-
lution, that he knew perfectly well the needs
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and how
important it was that they should have some
such room as that proposed to be assigned to
them. His only concern was where the post
office should go.
What would be the effect of passing and
carrying out the resolution as now before the
House? A delay for I know not how many
months longer, a delay which we have only
now got rid of by laboring to accommodate if
not every one's opinion, at least almost every
one's in the whole House. And we shall send,
the gentleman from Vermont says, the post
office of the House of Representatives, the
receiving and delivery part of it, down to a
room below, and that room is utterly inade-
quate to the purpose and unfit. It is not in-
