1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
ted State* of America, That the Committee on the
Judiciary be, and is hereby, instructed to inquire into
the foregoing statements of fact, and provide for the
proper enforcement of the stipulations of the treaty
with the Cherokeo nation and for tho protection of
the individual rights herein involved, and that they
be authorized to report at any time by bill or other-
wise.
chairs for iiall ok tiie house.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That thoCommitteo on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of purchasing cane-bottom swived chairs sim-
ilar to two now on exhibition in this Hall, for the
use of the House, and to roport by bill or otherwise.
tosi' route,
Mr. READING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. 11. No. 1453) to establish
a post route from Bucksvilleto Frankenfield's
store, Hancock township, Bucks county, Penn-
sylvania; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
washington belt railroad.
Mr. WELKER by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1454) to incorpo-
rate the Washington City Belt Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
takino of depositions.
Mr. WELKER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1455) to provide
for the taking of depositions to be used in the
superior court of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to.be printed.
joint tenancy in tue district.
Mr. WELKER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1456) to abolish
joint tenancy in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
btockbridgk and munsee indians.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1457) for the relief of
the Stockbridge and Munsee tribes of Indians
in the State of Wisconsin ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
removal of tue capital.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Iowa in relation to the removal of the
national capital; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
railroad grant.
Mr. ALLISON also, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial and joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking
Congress for a grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from O'Brien county,
Iowa, to some point on the Missouri river at
or near Yancton, in Dakota Territory; which
were referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
colonel abercrombie.
Mr. ALLISON also, by unanimous consent,
presented the concurrent resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa in relation to
Colonel John T. Abercrombie, of Des Moines
county; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
spirit meters.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas the use of a mechanical devico known as
a spirit meter has been generally, and is yet by many
officers of internal revenue, including the Commis-
sioner thereof, regarded as a necessary adjunct to the
work of the ganger for correctly determining the
quantity of spirit passing within a given time from
tne worm of a still to the cisterns of a distillery; and
whereas after careful and prolonged investigation
by a commission appointed under a joint resolution
of Congress, approved February 3,1868, and tho prac-
tical trial of a large number of such devices, one was
finally adopted by the late Commissioner under the
authority conferred in section two of the act of July
20, 1868. " imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes;" and whereas un-
favorable reports as to the mechanical construction
of this instrument, as to the metal in part of which
it was constructed, and also as to its working quali-
ties in practical use at a distillery, are stated to have
so multiplied upon the hands of the present Commis-
sioner several months ago as to induco him to sus-
pend its attachment at distilleries, andalso to modify
the regulations concerning thesupply and use of the
same, so far us for the time being to prevent the
man ufaeturer from realizing on certificates of deposit
now standing in the hands of collectors of inter-
nal revenue, payable to the order of I. P. Tioe, for
meters delivered i and whereas for the purposeof ob-
taining reliable information as to the correctness of
those reports, and of ascertaining the practical value
of the meter in the light of experience, the Com-
missioner appointed a committee to make the neces-
sary investigations and experiments in one of the
largest spirit-produciDg collection districts in the
United States, (as stated in his annual report for the
past year;) and whereas it is understood that this
committee has completed its work and made report,
and also that the clerk of the Commissioner's office,
under whose general direction the test experiments
were conducted, has reported specifically as to tho
results of the investigation : Now, therefore,
He it retolved, &c.. That the Commissioner of In-
; ternal Revenue bo respectfullyrequcsted tocommu-
j nicate to this House at as early a period as may be
practicable—
1. The rules and regulations concerning spirit
meters adopted by his predecessor and in force at
the time the present Commissioner assumed theduties
of the office.
i 2. The objections which were found to exist in the
supply and use of the meter adopted under such
regulations.
3. The steps taken by him to investigate the valid-
ity of such objections and to ascertain tho bestmeans
of correcting them where correction Iras deemed
necessary.
4. The results of such investigations made by tho
office, and tho conclusions arrived at by the Com-
missioner.
5. Tho alterations made by him in the regulations
governing the delivery, attachment, and uso of the
meter, together with any alterations concerning the
same points now in contemplation by him.
6. The opinion of the Commissioner in regard to
the utility of any meter for measuring spirits while
in process of production; and what legislation, if
any, is in his opinion needed in order to secure to
the Government, the greatost advantages that may
probably be derived from the use of a meter, as
a means of preventing fraud upon the revenue in
the production of spirits and the collection of tax
thereon; and also in how far, and with what prob-
able advantages, the same or a similar auxiliary may
be applied to use in the production of malt liquors,
and tne collection of the tax thereon.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
national superintendents' association.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial on education from the
National Superintendents' Association ; which
war ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
bounties to colored soldiers.
Mr. ARNELL also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Retolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed
to furnish the House with the report of the commis-
sion of Army officers of which Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Benjamin P. Runkell was chairman, appointed
to investigate the facts connectod with the collection
and payment of bounties to oolored soldiers.
committee clerk.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Accounts:
Retolved, That the House resolution of December
21,1869, be so amended as to insert, " the Committee
on Patents and that of Private Land Claims be en-
titled jointly to tho services of a clerk during the
remainder of this Congress, at the usual rate."
canadian fisheries.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion; which were read,considered, and adopted:
Whereas it has been officially announced that it is
not the intention of the Canadian authorities to issue
licenses to foreign fishermen for the privilege of the
inshore fisheries of the Canadian coast during the
ensuing year, and that arrangements would be made
to protect the rights of Canadian fishermen by tho
employment of vessels as a marine police, which are
to cruise about the fishing grounds: Therefore,
Retolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with tho
public interest, any information in his possession a-
to the determination of the Canadian authorities fa
the matter of tho fisheries in the Gulf of St. Law-
i rence and upon tho coast of Canada; and whether
any steps have been taken for the protection of tho
interests of American citizens engaged in the fishing
trade on said coast, and securing to them the privi-
leges which they have heretofore enjoyed in tho
inshore fisheries thereof.
approval of post route bill.
A message from the President of the United
j States, communicated by Mr. Porter, his Pri-
; vate Secretary, informed the House that the
t President had approved and signed a bill (H.
R. No. 1007) to establish certain post roads.
geological survey.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the practicability of
applying so much of the amount already appropri-
ated or to be appropriated for the United Sta'es
Coast Survey as may be necessary to enable the di-
rector of the said survey to cooperate with commis-
sions instituted in the States bordering upon the
Ohio andMississippirivers.forthepurposeof obtain-
ing an accurate geological survey and topographical
map of said States, and promoting the development
| of the mineral resources of the country.
i enacting and resolving clauses.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1458) to regulate
; the form of the enacting and resolving clauses
of acts and resolutions of Congress; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
| the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
; United States.
government of tiie district.
Mr. SCHENCK also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
j was read, considered, and agreed to: ♦
j Retolved. That the Committee for the District of
1 Columbia be instructed to consider and report to
i this House, at as early a day as practicable, a bill to
repeal the charters of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and to provide some system of govern-
ment for the District of Columbia and the cities
therein which shall bring all that relates-to the cap-
ital of the country under the more direct control
and supervision of Congress aad the national Execu-
tive.
post road in west virginia.
Mr. DONLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1459) to establish
a post road from Bethany, West Virginia, to
Hanlon's Station Run; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
mount vernon relics.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary in reference to the Mount Vernon
relics; which was recommitted, and ordered
to be printed.
tick meters.
Mr. KNOTT asked unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas many complaints of the inutility of the
Tice meters, of the excessive amount charged for
them, and of partiality shown in compelling persons
to adopt them have been made by distillers: There-
fore,
Be it retolved. That the Speaker of this House be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to appoint a
committee, to be composed of five members of the
Houso, with power to send for persons and papers,
whose duty it shall be lo inquire into and report as
soon as practicable, into the practical working of
these meters, and whether or not it is advisable to
repeal so much of the acts of March 2,1867, and July
20, 1868, as gives to the Secretary of tho Treasury or
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, authority to
adopt any meters or weighing instruments to ascer-
tain the quantity or quality of distilled spirits that
may be produced from any substance; and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby instructed
to lay before said committee all facts in his posses-
sion concerning said meters, and will report the ac-
tual cost of the meters and tho price at which they
have been sold, the number bought, and the number
attached to distilleries, and the number now in suc-
cessful operation; and he will further report if some
distillers have been compelled to pay for these me-
ters, while others have not been so compelled, ana
