3626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
who make them in the first instance were i«
full sympathy with the Administration and de-
sired to make its financial policy successful.
But this is not so. In a majority of cases the
men who make up the estimates are hostile to
the Administration, and their leading object
seems to be to get all the money they can out
of the Treasury.
Mr. NIBLACK. My information is that
the estimate of last year was made np by Mr.
Saville, of the Treasury Department, the clerk
specially, charged with that duty; and for his
meritorious services in this and other respects,
as I understand it, and in consequence of his
enjoying the confidence of the head of the
Treasury Department in an eminent degree, he
has recently been made the chief clerk of the
Treasury Department. I think, therefore, it is
unjust to Mr. Saville, as well as perhaps to
other clerks in the Treasury and other Depart-
ments} to charge a want of political sympathy
on their part with the Administration. I merely
wished to call my friend's attention to that
view of the case.
Mr. KELSEY. I charge it, Mr. Chairman,
because I find that in a large, majority of in-
stances the same men who made up the esti-
mates for this year made them up last year and
the year before for Andrew Johnson's admin-
istration. They certainly were not men in
sympathy with the Republican party j and if
you will look into the book of estimates you
will find that in almost every bureau they ask
for a little more money than was appropriated
the year before. I do not know but Mr. Saville
may have been the man who reviewed the esti-
mates instead of the Secretary doing it him-
self. Perhaps heis. But that does not change
the truth of the position that I took, that these
estimates are made in the first place by these
third and fourth class clerks; and their work
is then reviewed by their superiors, and last
of all by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mt. NIBLACK. One word further only.
Mr. KELSEY. Very well.
Mr. NIBLACK^ I desire to aay that- my
observation, running through some years of
congressional service here, has taught me that
when an officer in any Department of the
Government asks for an appropriation his
political sympathies have nothing to do with
the matter. In other words, the Departments
always ask for liberal appropriations for every-
thing under every Administration, It is the
duty of Congress to see that extravagant appro:
priations are not made, notwithstanding they
are called for in the estimates. I would say,
in other words, that it is never safe for Con-
gress to follow blindly the estimate&submitted.
The Departments themselves do not expect
that we will adopt withoat examination any
estimates that they may submit to us. They
know they are more likely to be cut down than
increased, and therefore they make them with
that view.
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman has nndoubt-.
edly stated the principle that governs his action
in making appropriations, and it is fair in him
to presume that those who. make the ^estimates
are governed by like motives. I concede thai in
acting upon the Committee on Appropriations
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Nibu.ce] has in
good faith carried out the idea he has now sub-
mitted to thecommittee. Bat it does not change
the fact that I have stated, because it is a fact.
Gentlemen may differ from my conclusions
as they please. I will give them a case in point.
Take the case of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office during our present session.
He made his estimates, amounting to $246,000,
and then came before the Committee on Appro-
priations to urge that the appropriations for his
bureau should be made in exact accordance
with his estimates. The committee drew from
him the fact that he had $479,000 of unexr
pended balances on hand, and this House has
voted to cover that sum into the Treasury,
after deducting enough to cover the expenses
of the General Lhnd Office for the next fiscal
year, Why did this Commissioner want money
appropriated for his bureau when he had more
than enough to run another year, almost enough
for two years, according to his own estimate,
and more than enough for two years, according
to the decision of the Committee on Appro-
priations?. Yet the Commissioner says that
the operations of his office will be embarrassed
if the Committee on Appropriations should
undertake to change, reduce, or cut down his
estimates. The committee drew from him the
fact that he had & large unexpended balance
on hand.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. .1 desire to say simply this:
my colleague on the Committee on Appropria-
tions will do the (Commissioner of the General
Land Office the justice to say that he is one of
the few officers of the Government who do not
waste their balances; that he did not expend
the balance left of his appropriation, but held
it and accounted for it until it was covered into
the Treasury.
Mr. KELSEY. I will do the Commissioner
the justice to say that he did not allow anybody
to steal this money. But why did he want to
get it out of the Treasury to where it might be
stolen? It was safe while in the Treasury, but
if it was appropriated and taken out of the
Treasury it would be subject to the whole chap-
ter of accidents by which the fund might be
swept away and the Government made to suffer
a loss of th,e money.
Now, I have been utterly unable to under-
stand why so many of my colleagues , on the
Committee on Appropriations have manifested
so strong, a sympathy with the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. I supposed that
he had been guilty of misconduct in office
in attempting to get Congress to appropriate
$246,000 when he did not want it, when he
had money enough to last him for two years
if properly used. I supposed that was miscon-
duct in office, and asked my colleagues on the
committee to join me in an attempt to have this
Commissioner removed. To my surprise there
was not another man on the committee who
seemed to view the matter as I did. Their
views may have, been correct, while mine were
incorrect; but I have stated the fact as it
appeared to mfe.
Mr. BECKi If the gentleman will allow
me now, I will not interrupt him again.
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman wants to know 1
why I, and I believe every other member of ;
the Committee;on Appropriations, refused to '
take the action he desired. The reason was
that we .Were thoroughly satisfied that there
was not a more' honest officer of the Govern-
ment than the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and to remove him would be to
run the risk of getting in his place a man who j
was not honest. <
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know but that the
Commissioner's conduct satisfies my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that he was thor- |
oughly honest. It is true no dishonest act was i
traced to him, unless this effort to get under
his control money that was not needed is to !
be regarded in that light. |
Mr. ARCHER. I ask the gentleman to state 1
when the balance referred to was saved; dur-
ing what years ? j
Mr. KELSEY. It appeared from the state- i
ment of the Commissioner that he had been
saving the money from year to year for a con-
siderable time, .
Mr. ARCHER. Then it was saved during '
the economical; administration of President
Johnson. I
Mr. KELSEY., It had been saved during I
the Commissioner's term of service. Buteven |
the statement of unexpended balances which |
has been sent to this House by the Secretary i
of the Treasury, and which purports to show
the halances remaining on hand on the 30th
of June last, does notcontain any reference to
this $479,000 in the hands of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I forone declined to join in
recommending the removal of Mr. wilson,
because, in the first place, I did not think it
becoming on my part to suggest to this Adminis-
tration either whom it should remove or whom
it should appoint; and in the next place,
because the committee's investigation of this
matter, to which my colleague on the commit-
tee [Mr. Kelsey] has referred, brought to us
the information that Mr. Wilson is to-day em-
ploying a very considerable number of clerks—
fifteen, I believe, though I will not undertake to
state it precisely—less than the number he is
authorized by law to employ. I regard this as
a very extraordinary circumstance, and one
greatly to the credit of Mr. Wilson. His case
is a very remarkable exception to the general
practice of the Departments and bureaus of
this Government. The fact that he wanted,
as a precautionary measure, to have on hand a
surplus fund on which he could draw for unex-
expected contingencies, while he showed that
he had exercised great economy in accumu-
lating this surplus, ought not, in my opinion,
to operate to nis prejudice. As to the polit-
ical sympathies of Mr. Wilson, I have no in-
formation and, so far as this question is con-
cerned, I care nothing about them".
Mr. KELSEY. My colleagues on the com-
mittee said, when I asked them to join me in
requesting the removal of this officer, that "Jo.
Wilson is a very clever fellow, and did not mean
anything wrong in trying to get money appro-
priated from the Treasury that was not needed ;
and they would notaid intrying to remove him,
although he is a Democrat." And some of
my Republican colleagues on the committee—
I do not include them all in this remark-
added that they would not do it because Mr.
Wilson was a Democrat. I confess that to
my mind this was one reason which made ma
all the more willing that he should be removed.
While I would not tolerate such conduct in a
political friend, I certainly would not overlook
it in a political enemy.
I suppose this same feeling of kindness to-
ward these "clever fellows" pervades all the
Departments, for they all, except the Post Office
Department, seem to be trying the experiment
<jf carrying on their business through the agency
of their political enemies. The people desired
and expected that the Departments here should
be purified by the removal of all who sym-
pathized with the rebellion or who supported
Andy Johnson in his treachery. But they have
been disappointed. Some few ohanges have
been made, but many of the most important
places are filled by Democrats and Johnsonized
conservatives. And the distinguished Repre-
sentative from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes]
occasionally presses his civil service bill upon
us in the hope of passing it, so that no changes
at all Can be made. He can see an illustration
of what his bill will accomplish in the State
Department, where it is the traditional poliey
not to remove any one for political reasons;
and they have carried it out in such a way that
there are not to exceed two,straight Republic-
ans in the Department. It is not at all sur-
prising that New York gives fifty thousand
Democratic majority, when we remember that
nearly if not quite all the patronage of the Gen-
eral Government is bestowed upon men who
are in the interest of the Tammany party, and
that all straight Republicans are ignored and
disregarded.
• One of my colleagues has stated to me—I
do not undertake to say whether the statement
is correct—that Tammany bought up the body
of the Legislature. There certainly wa* a
sudden conversion of many members of that
body, so that what was a triumphant majority
