4570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
been thoroughly discussed in the Senate and
adopted on several of these bills, and which
I supposed the Senator from Oregon was will-
ing to accept.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will accept the Sen-
ator's amendment to save time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hamlin
in the chair.) It is not the province of the
Senator to accept it.
Mr. CASSERLY. My idea is that it obvi-
ates the necessity of the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator l'rom
California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Oregon
iu his remarks upon this bill stated that this
company was by its original act entitled to go
to Santa F6, in New Mexico. I do not find it
to be so ; but I do find that the bill now before
the Senate does authorize the company to go
to Santa F6, in New Mexico, whether it had
any authority to go there under its original
charter or not.
Now, sir, we have propositions here of other
companies to go there. We have another com-
pany chartered and moving on toward Albu-
querque, and I do not comprehend, and I con-
fess J am still in the dark aboufrthis proposition
now to authorize another company, that was
never chartered for the purpose of going to
New Mexico at all, to go there when other
companies are moving on in that direction.
1 have ieferred to the act of March 8, 1803,
mentioned in this bill, and I find that the grant
of land was made to the State of Kansas for
"a railroad from the city of Atchison, via
Topeka, the capital of said State, to the west-
era line of the State, in the direction of Fort
Union and Santa Fe, New Mexico." I would
inquire of the Senator from Oregon whether
in this act, which I have not had time yet to
bean thoroughly, there is any direct authority
given for this road to go beyond the boundary
of Kansas ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I answer that there is.
The road is to go to Albuquerque, as the bill
expressly states.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not speaking about the
bill now before the Senate; I ain speaking
about the act of March 3, 18G3, which author-
ized this company to go only to the border of
Kansas. Now the proposition is, after other
companies have been chartered and have sub-
scribed their capital and are moving on toward
Albuquerque, to bring in and give to this com-
pany authority to cut right in there in advance
of those others.
Mr. President, this may be all right, but it
strikes me, prima facie, as being all wrong ;
and all that I asked of the Senator from Ore-
gon before was a little time to look into the
thing ; all that I ask of him now is a little time
to look into the thing, and if it is all right, then
to say nothing whatever in opposition to it.
I have said all that I desire to say, sir. I
am told that the other parties interested are
satisfied with this.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am advised that they
are.
Mr. DRAKE. I will not make any objec-
tion.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
"bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move now that we take
up the bill (S. No. 401) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the States of Missouri and Arkansas to the
Pacific coast by the southern route," approved
July 27,1863, commonly known as the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad bill. No grant is made in
it at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the bill (H. R.
No. 1828) making appropriations for the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, is now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I have the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, in charge of that
bill, to allow the bill named by the Senator
from Michigan to be considered and passed if
it leads to no discussion. If it leads to any
discussion it will be withdrawn. It cannot
lead to discussion, I think. It does not ask
for land or anything of that kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to take up the bill. Is there
objection to doing that and laying aside the
appropriation bill informally?
Mr. COLE. T would like to inquire what
the nature of the bill is.
Mr. HOWARD. Its reading will show.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 401) to
amend an act entitled "An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the Pacific coast by the southern
route," approved July 27, 18GG.
The original bill was read.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad report an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
in lieu thereof to iusert the following:
That if tlic Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company,
which has been organized under tho act to which this
act is amendatory, shall complote its road to the west-
ern boundary lino ol' the State of Missouri, in the
manner prescribed by suid act, on or before the lOtli
dny of Juno, 1872, thesamo shall be held to bo a com-
pliance with tho terms and conditions imposed upon
said company by tho eighth section of said act up to
that time ; and 110 conditions or limitations shall
applv to any part of tho lino of saidroad west of tho
western boundary line of said State until tho rig lit
of way shall bo secured over the lands granted by
isaid act and oceupiod by Indians: Provided, That
patents for lands shall issue to said company in
accordance with tho provisions of the fourth scction
of said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said com-
pany bo authorized to make and issue its bonds in
such form and manner, for such sums, payablo at
such times, and bearing such rate of interest, and to
dispose of them on such terms as its directors may
deem advisable. And to secure said bonds (he com-
pany may mortgage its road, equipment, land, fran-
chises, privileges, and other rights and property,
subject to such terms, conditions, and limitations as
its directors may prescribe. Andas proof and notice
of tile legal execution and effectual delivery of any
mortgage it shall be tiled and recorded in the office
of the Secretary of tho Interior, and when so tiled
shall be deemed to be a good and sutlieient convey-
ance of all the rights and property of said company
as therein expressed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That tho tenth sec-
tion of paid act is hereby amended by adding thereto
the following words, namely: Provided, That here-
after tho directors ol'said company shall have power
to limit tho right of subscription to stock in such
manner as they may think best for tho interests of
the company; but whenever any citizen of the Uni-
ted States shall apply to become a subscriber to the
stock of said company, and shall pay or tender in
money, and not otherwise, an amount equal to tho
largest amount per share actually paid in before the
1st of February, A. 1). 1870, by any stockholder in
cash, and not in any other form or manner, he shall
have tho right to subscribo to said stock.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all of the first section after the
word " company," in the seventeenth lino, and
inserting what I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor proposes to amend the original bill?
Mr. DRAKE. There was a mistake of the
Clerk in reading this bill.
Mr. NYE. He read the original bill.
Mr. DRAKE. He read the amendment as
if it were an amendment by way of substitute,
which is a mistake.
Mr. HOWARD. If was not a substitute.
Mr. DRAKE. This is the original bill with
certain amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. That is right.
Mr. DRAKE. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Arkansas is now in the
right place in the original bill, not m the
amendment reported by the committee. _
Mr. HOWARD. There is no substitute
reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, of the Senator from Arkansas will be
read. .
The Chief Clerk. It, is to strike out in the
first section these words :
Provided, That no patents for lands shall issue to
said company except in tho manner directed by the
fourth section ol said act.
And in lieu thereof to insert:.
Provided, If tho Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company, after the completion and equipment of
the road of the LitUcilock and Fort Smith Railroad
Company. from Little Hock to I'orfc Smith, m Ark-
ansas. and niter the said Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company fhall obtain the right of way for tho
line of theVanBuren branch over the lands granted
it by said net and occupied by Indians, shall not com-
nienco within one year thereafter to construct its
branch road referred to in the first section of said
act to a point m tho western boundary line of Ark-
at or nenrth^ town of Van JtJuren, and shall
not have completed at least twenty miles of road per
year, after the expiration of the time limited lor the
commencement to construct said branch, that then
the said Little Hock and Fort Smith Railroad Gom-
pi\ny, or any other railroad company designated by
tho Congress of the United States, shall have the
right to construct said branch, and shall have, pos-
sess, and enjoy all the grants, rights, and privileges
appertaining to said branch road under the said
act; but not, however, to interfere with the grants,
rights, and privilege?! appertaining to the main line
of said Atlantic and Pacific railroad under said act:
Prooidcd, however, That the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company may, if it dosires to do so, commence
and construct all or any portion of said branch road
before tho times above limited.
Mr. TIIURMAN. There was laid on our
tables a few days ago a printed paper purport-
ing to be a "remonstrance of the New Mexican
Mining Company and three hundred citizens
of New Mexico against the indefinite extension
of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad charter,"
signed by a number of persons. I know noth-
ing about the genuineness of this paper. I
know nothing more about it than any other
Senator knows. I have only found it on my
table.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it'signed by anybody?
Mr. TIT CRM AN. It is here in print.
Mr. DRAKE. And not signed by anybody ?
Mr. TIIURMAN. This printed paper is not
signed. I suppose the Senator has one on his
table.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. They have been
very careful not to put any on my table.
Mr. TIIURMAN. It contains certain argu-
ments, however, which were adduced by per-
sons which, whether under their real signatures
or not, may be worthy of the consideration of
the Senate. I should like to have it read that
the Senate may consider its arguments. I
suppose il to be genuine.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether he wishes to have that
paper read as a part of his speech?
Mr. TIIURMAN. I am willing to have any
paper read that contains arguments which may
be worthy of the consideration of the Senate.
Of course I do not present it as a petition.
Mr. DRAKE. What I wish to know is
whether the Senator adopts these arguments
as part of his speech.
Mr. TIIUIllIAN. Whether I adopt them
or not, I will have them read for the cotisid-
j eration of the Senate. They may be worthy
of consideration, or they may not, for aught I
know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Remonstrance of the J\ew Mexico Mining Company
ana three hundred citize'tv of JYtiv Mexico
the indefinite cstcanion of the Atlantic and Paella
radroad charter.
To the Honorable Senate and Home of Reprt leutntim
of the United tilatex of America in Congress a>stm-
blcd:
The undersigned, proprietors of the New Mexico
itiimng Company, and other citizens, respectfully re-
monstrate against tho passage of the present bill
