724
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
For labor, stationery, boxes, expresses, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand live hundred
dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory, viz:
For pay of one clerk, ono thousand five
hundred dollars.
For three aids or assistant observers, four
thousand dollars.'
_ Forregriiiding object-glass of thegreat transit
circle, eight hundred dollars.
For wages of one instrument maker, one
messenger, three watchmen, and one porter;
for keeping grounds in order and repairs to
buildings ; for fuel, light, and office furniture,
and for stationery, chemicals l'or batteries,
postage, and freight, and all other contingent
expenses, thirteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
Civil -Establishment.
For pay of writers and laborers, and for pur-
poses incidental to the support of the civil
establishment under this bureau at the several
navy-yards, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau
of Navigation; freight and transjjortation of
navigation materials ; instruments, books, and
stores, postage and telegraphing on public
business; advertising for proposals; packing-
boxes and materials; blank-boobs, forms, and
stationery at navigation offices, six thousand
dollars.
BUREAU OF ORDNANCE.
For ten fifteen-inch guns, needed for the
battery of the Colossus, and to meet contin-
gencies, seventy thousand dollars.
For gunpowder, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel and materials necessary in carrying
on the mechanical branches of the ordnance
department at the navy-yards and stations,
■seventy-five thousand dollars.
For labor at navy-yards, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs to ordnance buildings, maga-
"me.s, gun-parks, machinery, boats, fifteen
l inmsaud dollars.
For miscellaneous items, freight, twenty
thousand dollars.
For experiments in ordnance, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For expenses of the torpedo corps, includ-
ing, viz: the purchase and manufacture of
gunpowder, nitro-glycerine, gun-cotton ; pur-
chase and manufacture of electrical machines,
galvanic batteries, wire; purchase of copper,
wood, iron, and other materials used in the
manufacture of torpedos, with work on the
same; construction of torpedo boats, purchase
of coffer works, or hulks, and contingent ex-
penses; labor, including one chemist, at two
thousand dollars, one foreman machinist, at
one thousand five hundred and sixty-five dol-
lars, and clerk hire; in all, sixty thousand
dollars, ten thousand dollars of which may be
expended, in the discretion of the Secretary
o! the Navy, for the payment of services here-
tofore rendered in the invention and applica-
tion of torpedos.
Civil Establishment.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment of the several navy-yards under
this bureau, fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the ordnance
service of the Navy, one thousand dollars.
1SCKEAU 01? CONSTRUCTION' AMD REPAIR.
1 or preservation of vessels on the stocks and
■ n ordinary ; purchase of materials and stores
ot all kinds; labor in navy-yards and on for-
e.gn stations ; preservation of material; pur-
chase of tools; wear, tear, and repair of vessels
afloat; discharge of liabilities, and general
maintenance of the Navy, as follows:
For expenses of receiving ships, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
i For preservation of iron-elad vessels, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For coast defense and practice vessels, eighty
thousand dollars.
For tools and machinery in navy-.yards, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For sheds over timber, and over ships, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs of vessels abroad, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For transportation, fifty thousand dollars.
For materials by contract, one million dol-
lars.
For materials by purchase, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For labor in navy-yards and on foreign sta-
j tions, two million dollars.
For purchase and preservation of timber and
general maintenance of the Navy, eight hun-
dred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to dis-
charge liabilities provided for by contracts made
previous to March four, eighteen hundred and
sixty nine, five hundred and fifteen thousand
nine hundred and sixty dollars and ninety-two
cents, for so much thereof as may be neces-
sary: Provided, That before paying the claim
of the Corliss Steam-Engine Company, the
Secretary of the Navy shall cause a reexam-
ination of said claim to be made by the law
officers of the Navy Department, and two com-
petent engineers to be detailed for that pur-
pose, who shall deduct from the contraetprice
with said steam-engine company whatever sum
it would have cost said company to have com-
pleted their said contract.
Civil Establishment at the Navy- Yard,Kittery.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars ; clerk of storehouses, one thou-
sand live hundred dollars ; inspectorof timber,
draughtsman, clerk to naval constructor, time
clerk, and superintendent of floating dock, at
one thousand four hundred dollars each ; ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Boston.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars ; clerk to naval constructor, in-
spector of timber, and time clerk, at one thou-
sand five hundred dollars each ; draughtsman
to naval constructor, one thousand four hun-
dred dollars ; second clerk to naval construct-
or, and clerk of storehouses, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each ; in all, ten thousand
three hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars; draughtsman to naval constructor,
one thousand four hundred dollars; clerk to
naval constructor, inspector of timber, and
time clerk, at one thousand five hundred dol-
lars each ; second clerk to naval constructor,
and clerk of storehouses, at ono thousand two
hundred dollars each; ten thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
Al the Navy-Yard, Philadelphia.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars ; clerk of storehouses, otse thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; inspector of timber,
draughtsman for naval constructor, clerk to
naval constructor, time clerk, andsuperintend-
ent ot floating dock, at ono thousand lour
hundred uoliuiseaeh ; in all, ten thousand five
hundred dollars.
At the JSavy- Yard, Washington.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars ; clerk ot storehouses, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars; inspector of timber,
clerk to naval constructor, and time clerk, at
one thousand two hundred dollars each; in all,
seven thousand dollars.
Al the Navy- Yard, Norfolk.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars; draughtsman to naval constructor,
and clerk of storehouses, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each, and time clerk, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; in all, six thousand
dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Pensacola.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
At the Navy■ Yard, Mare Island.
For assistant naval constructor, two thou-
sand dollars; draughtsman to naval constructor,
one thousand four hundred dollars ; inspector
of timber, clerk of storehouses, olerk to naval
constructor, superintendent of floating dock,
and time clerk, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each, ten thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
BUREAU OF STEAJI ENGINEERING.
_ Forrepairs of machinery of steamers, boilers,
instruments, tools, labor, transportation, mate-
rials, stores, one million dollars: Provided,
lhat no part of this appropriation shall be
expended on account of naval engines con-
tracted for during the war.
Civil Establishment at the Navy- Yard, Kittery.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; and time clerk, at one thousand two
hundred dollars ; in all, five thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Al the Navy- Yard, Boston.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars ; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each; and time clerk, at one thousand two
hundred dollars ; five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Neiv York.
I'or draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, one thousand four hundred dollars each,
and time clerk at one thousand two hundred
collars ; five thousand six hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Philadelphia.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each; and time clerk, at one thousand two
hundred dollars; in all, five thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Washington.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each, and time clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Norfolk.
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; and time clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the Is amy- Yard, Pensacola.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Ad the Navy- Yard, 2fare Island.
^ I or draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
collars; clerk to chief engineer, and store
clerk, one thousand lour hundred dollars each,
and time clerk, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; in all, five thousand six hundred dollars.
BUREAU OP PROVISION'S AND CLOTHING.
Tor provisions fur the officers, seamen, and
marines, including commutation of the spirit
ration, and water for ships, seven hundred and
eighty-one thousand and fifty dollars.
