2682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
vision of the law constituting a supremo court
of the District, under which an appeal might
be taken to either of the four judges.
The evils of this system of appeal have been
called to the attention of Congress by other
Commissioners, and by the Secretary of the
Interior in his annual reports. Thus, in his
reportof November 19, ISfio, Secretary Brown-
ing says:
"Tho last annual report ofthis Department alluded
to the law regulating appeals in c.isei arising in the
Patent Office. I am unable to perceive any stronger
reason for granting an appeat to one of thejustiees
of the supreme court of tins District lrouiihodeeisi on
of tho Commissioner of Paten tsth.an from that of tho
Commissioner of Pensions disallowing a pension
claim, or from that of the Commissioner ot the Gen-
eral Land Office on a contested right of preemption.
The decision of the judge does not iiavo anymore con-
clusive effect than tho ruling of thooiecutivo officer.
If adverse to the applicant a patent does not issue,
But if in his favor, even in interference cases, it is not
a final determination of the questions in controversy.
Congress lias declared that it shall not preclude tho
right to contest the patent in any court in which its
validity may come in question. If sued by the holder
of an older patent who was a party totiiewhole pro-
ceedings the successful applicant connot set up tho
decision awarding him a patent as n defense to the
action. Such a decision is not in its essential char-
acteristics ajudicial act,and cannot be assimilated to
to tho judgment of a court ofcompctentjurisdiction
which may be pleaded as an estoppel whero the
identical question is directly involved bolween tho
same parties inasubs-equoutsuU. The duty incident
to this special trust should not be imposed upon the
judge, and there is a manifest impropriety in giving
Sum a supervisory control over the action of an ex-
ecutive bureau. Thejudieialund KxoeutivoDepart-
nients of the Governmentaro distinct and independ-
ent, and the officers of each should be confined to
thcr appropriate sphere of action.
" The applicant l'or a patent before lie can pros-
ecute an appeal to tho judge must pa,y into tho
office the surnof twcnty-fivo dollars tor his use. The
ice requiicd on each successive appeal from tho
primary examiner to tho cxaminers-in-chiof, and
fioui the latter to the head of tho bureau, consti-
tutes a. part of the patent fund, and is not paid to
lho«e officers. They receivo a fixed compensation,
without regard to the cases submitted t,o thorn, 'i'ho
uniouut ot the judge's emoluments for this spccial
s'-.rvico depends upon tho number of appeals to him,
and that may bo increased or diminished by the
character of his decisions. He is thus placed in a
position which no judicial officer should be com-
pelled to occupy."
And in his next annual report, dated No-
vember 18, 1867, (pages 9 and 10,) he again
calls attention to this subject, as follows :
"In my last annual report I advised a. repeal of
the law conferring upon a pai ty the ria'ht of appeal
from tho Commissioner of Patents to one of the
judges of the supremo eouit of this District. Sub-
sequent reflection lias continued my convict ion of
tho soundness of the views then presented. In no
other instance is an appellate power given to a judge
to affirm or reverse the action of an oxeoutivo officer.
"This exceptional proceeding is essentially different
from an action instituted in a court of original juris-
diction for a, mandamus against an officer to enforce
the performance of a, specific duty, or from that
v. herein an injunction is sought to restrain htm from
the commission of an act which would work irrcpar-
ablo injury to tho rights of property. Neither does
it bear any analogy, even the most remote, to a suit
in which either party thereto asserts aright or resists
a claim resting upun an adjudication to which tho
other party was a stranger, and which was rendered
by an executive officer or a special tribunal author-
ized to deal only between one party and the Govern-
ment. The court having cognizance of the suit may
review such adjudication and correct errors of law
or fact, to the prejudice of either party. This doc-
trine has been announced by the Supremo Court in
suits where the title to land was in issue, and where
a party relied upon thedecision of the General Land
Ofiico awarding a right of preemption or vacating
a.n entry. It has also been applied in cases involv-
ing a claim to priority of invention, as an inquiry is
not precluded by a patent in any court in which its
validity is brought in question.
"Ajudicial determination of conflicting rights is
final and conclusive on tho parties, and those subse-
quently claiming under them. Tho decision of tho
judge on appeal awarding a patent, even in inter-
ference ca-'cs, has not this, nor indeed any greater,
forcc or effect than that of the Patent Bureau, and
may be reviewed in the samfe mannerwhen aproper
case arises. I respectfully submit that an appellate
authority over en executive officer should not be
devolved upon a judge, especially where his decision
upon the questions in controversy has not the prop-
erties or binding efficacy of a judgment at law or a
decree in equity. Delays are occasioned and expenses
incurred by this objectionable and anomalous prac-
tice, without any compensatingbenefitto theinventor
or the public."
The present Secretary in his recent annual
report reiterates the recommendations of his
predecessors, and the Commissioner supports
them by unanswerable arguments.
The vice of this system, and what is sought
to bo amended, is that this appeal from the
Commissioner, an ofiicer charged with the per-
formance of certain executive duties and cer-
tain quasi judicial duties, is made to an officer
who is neither ati executive officer nor a judi-
cial officer in the act he is required to perform,
but only judicial in name. It is an appeal,
in effect, from the Commissioner to another
person, it makes no difference whether that
person be a judge of the supreme court of tho
District of Columbia ora member of the House
of Representatives, whether to one out of four
or to one out of two hundred and forty, but to
another official person who acts quasi judi-
cially, and who in his action under the law or
under his construction of it has assumed to
himself some of the executive powers of the
Commissioner as well as the exercise of those
quasi judicial powers to which Lhave referred.
The jurisdiction has been extended from the
extremely narrow limits within which it was
confined by tho act of 183(5 over questions
of fact not necessarily connected with such
scientific questions, and over all questions of
law which might arise concerning the grunting
of any patent. J t lias led, therefore, to a great
conflict of decisions, to no unity of jurispru-
dence on the subject of the pafent laws, and
to no contest ot action between the Patent
Office and the judges. I am sorrv to say that,
as, a necessary effect of such eonllict of juris-
diction, there has been some ill-feeling between
parties who should have liad none toward each
other, and consequently there was an obstruc-
tion to the proper execution of the law.
Now, the law had already provided a rem-
edy in this class of cases other than this by
appeal to a single judge, but which, has seldom
been resorted to. 'That remedy is provided in
the original patent, law, the act of 183G, author-
izing any person aggrieved where there were
two interfering patents to apply to any circuit
court, including the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for relief against the other
patentees or any person claiming under them.
By the tenth section of the act of 1839 the
provision of the sixteenth section of the act of
183(5 was extended to all cases where patents
were refused for any cause whatever. But in
practice appeal to a single judge has been the
shorter mode, and the business being con-
ducted by solicitors of patents, whose occupa-
tion ends with the obtaining of the patent,
they have more frequently resorted to that
remedy, and have been satisfied with it.
But upon a full examination of the subject,
and hearing all the arguments that could be
adduced by those who favor the present system
and those against it, the committee were clearly
of the opinion I hat the remedy furnished in the
sixteenth section of the act of 1836 and the
tenth section of the act of 1839 is ample to
meet all classes of cases. 'The primary reason
for that conclusion is this: that if an appeal is
taken to the courts for relief by any process
known to tho law, as by a suit in equity, then
thedecision of the question is brought within the
judicial power of the United States, and it is a
decision of a court which carries weight with it
and is final and conclusive upujt all the par-
ties to that suit; whereas if an appeal is taken
to one judge, or one mail who is called a judge,
or to the four persons forming a court, not as a
court but as persons, the decision isbutaprima
facie decision, and carries no weight with it
whatever, and everything behind it which has
led to that final decision may be inquired into
in any court in whie.h the validity of the patent
so granted is brought in question.
Many instances were adduced to the com-
mittee in the many hearings which they had
where the action of a single judge of this court
was not in harmony with the action of an-
other judge of the court or of the Commissioner,
and where it was, in fact, in conflict with the
previous decisions of former as well as present
judges of that court. But these are the neces-
sary accidents of sach a constitution of appeals.
I impute no improper motives to any parties
connected with the transaction of this business,
but such irregularities and such conflicts are
the necessary consequence of the existing state
of things ; whereas by following out the rem-
edy given by the law, and making its provisions
definite and certain, a party who is refused a
patent by the Commissioner will have at the
outset ajudicial decision as to his right to it,
or that hchas no right to it; or if he has a right
to any modification of liis claim he will be ad-
judged entitled to such modification, and will
take a patent which has value in any court in
which the party who may be brought into such
controversy, in the first instance, may appear
against him.
in a proceeding which may be brought to a
speedy judgment, without increased expense,
the erroneous decision of a Commissioner may
be reviewed and a decree rendered which will
be etfeetive against all who may have appeared
and who liavo been heard in the controversy.
Heretofore, there have been three appeals
within the office, two before reaching the Com-
missioner, and oneto the Commissioner. These
appeals ate allowed only to persons who have
applied for patents and are aggrieved at the
refusal. If tho party chooses to go further,
and seek relief outside of the Patent Office,
wo thought it was wise to provide that ho
should go farther with some effect, and that if
his patent was finally denied by the court it
should bo conclusive against the applicant;
and if ho obtained his patent the decision
should be conclusive as to his title, as against
parties contesting his right to the patent.
There has been a question much mooted,
but which never yet has met a judicial decis-
ion, whether the act of 1801, creating a board
of examiners-in-chief, does not in effect repeal
this right of appeal to a single judge; but we
remove that question by the proposed legisla-
tion.
The committee also propose to amend and
enlarge the provision as to relief between in-
terference patents, and to recommend the addi-
tion of this important provision, which meets
the complaint which we have found in many
petitions referred to us, and in some bills which
have been offered by members of tho pres-
ent House. That is, to provide relief in cases
where a patent has been improperly obtained or
improperly reissued, or where the validity of a
patent is contested by persons using the things
patented.
There is now no means provided by which a
person thus injured or threatened to be injured
by a suit can turn around on his prosecutor
and (est his right to the patent. We propose
to give that remedy, so that a single suit can
determine the question and avoid the extended
litigation and expense now attending contro-
versies upon patents. Heretofore it has some-
times happened that persons have obtained
reissues of old patents, and then gone around
the country threatening suits against persons ;
sometimes commencing a suit in a court, and if
nor, liking the temper of the judge, or from some
untoward circu instance connected with the trial,
abandoning it and commencing another some-
where else, with the hope of obtaining a de-
cision in their favor. And when they have
succeeded in obtaining a single decision they
will go around again and levy a tax upon all
who do not feel able to go to the expense of
contesting the validity of the patent.
That has been a great burden and a great
wrong, which has many times been sought
to be amended. But the difficulty has been
to do it without injuriously affecting rights
conferred and established. The committee
propose to do it by recommending that where
any party has been sued for the infringement
of a patent, and he thinks the patent is invalid
for ar.y reason or should not be enforced
against him for any cause, he may commence
a suit against the owners of the patent who
have sued him, in order to test the validity of
that patent, and the final decisio'n in that case
