1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3627
became asraji.il minority between one Saturday
and one Monday.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that any
Administration ever did succeed or ever will
succeed in conducting its affairs successfully
by the aid of its political enemies. It cannot
trust them as it can its friends. They have
not the same motives to support its policy as
it ought to be supported. I think this is one of
the grave errors that most of the Departments
have been committing. I except from this
general censure the Post Office Department.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman whether he supposes that
any Administration could be more intolerant
than the present toward its political opponents?
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know how the gen-
tleman would define that word "intolerant;"
but if to leave more than half of its political ene-
mies in their positions without disturbing them,
and frequently to appoint such to office, is "in-
tolerance," then this Administration has been
intolerant.
Mr.ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman specify
some of the incumbents to whom he refers?
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman cannot draw
me into a controversy over names. I have
plenty of them here before me, and plenty of
proof to sustain what I say ; but I do riot care
to allude to the matter except in this general
way. Mr.'Chairman, how much time have I
left?
The CHAT&MAN. Six minutes.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield the remainder of
my time to any gentleman who may wish to be
heard in general debate on the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I will occupy one or two min-
utes left of the hour for general debate. Now,
Mr. Chairman, in the first place, the gentle-
man from New York allotted but one hour to
the general discussion of this bill, and be has
occupied almost the entire hour himself.
Mr. KELSEY. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; I intended to occupy the whole of it.
Mr. WOOD. I compliment the gentleman
ou his liberality.
Mr. KELSEY. I was liberal to fhe gen-
tleman on a former occasion when I gave him
half of my time.
Mr. WOOD. It is the first time that the
chairman of a committee presenting an appro-
priation , bill of this importance in the Com-
mittee of the Whole occupied the whola time
himself allowed for the general debate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will he withdraw, then,
the stigma he cast upon him of liberality?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I listened with much pleasure
to a portion of the remarks of my colleague, and
especially to that portion in which be referred
to certain expenditures in the State Depart-
ment, and reflected upon the folly of attempt-
ing to acquire the island of San Domingo and
incorporating it as apart of the United States.
So far as his animadversions on that attempt
are concerned he has my sympathy ; but when
he attempts to throw a reflection upon the
administration of Andrew Johnson, of having
expended money improperly in that, direction,
I can ouly say that the present Administration
lias expended three dollars to one expended by
the administration of Andrew Johnson.
Mr. KELSEY." Will the gentleman allow
me to put him right?
Mr. WOOD. Not in six minutes. He has
had an hour- Mr. Chairman, he now descends
from his high position of attempting to discuss
great question's in reference to the acquisition
of this new territory and comes down to the
minute affairs of the State Department. He
has sought to assail the chief of that Depart-
ment because in the discharge of his duty he
Bees proper to retain persons qualified for the
performance of clerical duties under him. It
is well known that I have no political sympathy
with the present Secretary of State. I will say
here in his behalf, and as a defense against the
assault of one of his own political friends, that
there is no member of this Administration, nor
any predecessor in the State Department, who
has discharged his duty with higher intelli-
gence, greater efficiency, or purer character
than Hamilton Fish. Therefore, I desire to
defend him against the assault that is made
upon him. It he has seen proper to retain
the subordinates of that Department, those
employ6s who discharge mere clerical duties ;
if he retains certain officers under his direc-
tion who occupied efficiently the same places
under his predecessors, I presume he does so
because he finds them admirably fitted for the
duties confided to their care.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ne^v York whether he approves the
course of Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State,
in reference to Cuba?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir. X have no sympathy
with the Secretary of State or this Administra-
tion in regard to its conduct with reference to
Cuba; no more, sir, than I have in reference
to its policy concerning the acquisition of the
island of San Domingo. I believe in both
those instances the policy of this Administra-
tion is not patriotic and is not wise ; but on the
contrary is unjust and improper, and for its
policy in this regard it will, I am sure, be repu-
diated by the American people if it should go
before them on these political issues. Now,
sir, this bill reported by the committee is, in my
judgment, not only guilty of omissions, but it
also must be condemned for its commissions.
It has omitted to make appropriations for
embassies recognized by existing laws. After
the President has for three months appointed
an embassador, to a foreign Court it omits to
make appropriation for the payment of his
salary. There are other questions involved in
the bill to which I have not time now to refer.
I will defer what I have to say on them until
the five-minutes debate on the various para-
graphs.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate on this
bill under the order of the House has now
closed.
Mr. BANKS. I ask permission to say a few
words.
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. There are one or two matters
to which the gentleman from New York has
referred to which I wish to ask the attention
of the committee, and I cannot have an oppor-
tunity in the five minutes, debate to reply to
them as I desire. First in regard to the con-
sulate at Odessa, which he proposes to strike
out and discontinue. I wish the committee
to reflect that a consulate which has been an
unimportant one heretofore may become of
great importance. And I am certain Odessa is
of this character. Odessa is the only Russian
port on the Black sea. Until very lately it has
had very imperfect communications with the
Russian empire. In the last ten or fifteen
years there have bpen constructed three par-
allel lines of railway from St. Petersburg to
Odessa on the Black sea. Russia has the most
complete and perfect system of transportation
and river navigation that exists on the globe,
and all tending, in a great degree, to this port
of Odessa on the Black sea.
I am informed that the Government of Rus-
sia has given concessions to American citizens
to establish at Odessa our system of grain ele
vators, and the result will probably be that the
whole grain trade of the Russian empire will
be concentrated at this point. If there be a
consulate anywhere, at any point that is likely
to become important to us, and of which we
ought at least to have accurate information,
I say that such a point is this new and growing
position upon the Black sea, connected almost
directly by its effect upon the grain trade with :
the grain interests and grain products of this (
country. I
I observe that by the bill the salary of the
interpreter to the legation to China is reduced
from $5,000 per annum to $3,000.
Mr. KELSEY. That is in accordance with
the estimate in the estimate book.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that the law of
1856 fixes the salary of the interpreter at
$5,000; and certainly the Committee on Ap-
propriations is not authorized to make that
! change.
I Mr. KELSEY. The statute of 1856 fixes
the salary at $5,000, when the same person
fills the offices of interpreter and secretary of
legation. When the offices are separated, the
interpreter has but $3,000. The estimates
have been sent down to us for separate offices.
Mr. BANKS. The bill changes the law,
which the committee has not the right to do.
j If the secretary of legation is acting as inter-
preter, then the appropriation is not necessary.
But as the appropriation stands it appears to
■ change the law. I merely call the attention
of the committee to this fact. Now, in regard
to the omission of a minister to Paraguay, I
would say that if ever there was a time when
the representation of this Government at Par-
; aguay was necessary, it is now. I know, of
I course, as all the gentlemen on the committee
[ know, the great difficulties that have occurred
i in that country.
' Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
: that the Committee on Appropriations have
; prepared an amendment which will meet the
! point he is at present adverting to.
Mr. BANKS. If it provides for restoring
this mission, I am satisfied. But I desire to
make a brief statement. The Brazilian Gov-
ernment is a European Government. It is to
South America exactly what the Austrian Gov-
ernment would have been to Mexico if the
French troops had succeeded in establishing
Maximilian there ; exactly what the Dominion
on our northern border would have been to us
if a British prince had obtained a throne, or
if a vice-royalty had been established there.
> Its purpose is to cleave its way to the Pacific
i coast. It has deliberately made war upon all
, the republics between the Pacific coast and the
Brazilian border. It has destroyed Paraguay,
i I have no purpose at this moment to say any-
thing in defense of Paraguayan history. But
it is the fact that every republican Government
between Brazil and the Pacific coast is hostile
to the purposes of Brazil, and that these are
' inimical to the interests of this country.
! Chili and Peru are or will be, as other repub-
i lies are and have been, exposed to the raachi-
I nations of this great empire of the south. And
| if it should carry its dominion to the Pacific
| coast it will then proceed north to Colombia
| and Yucatan, take into its jaws the Gulf of
I Mexico, and perhaps enter on the Isthmus to
I contend with us foe the great advantages of
! the transit there. Now, if it be true that the
I male population of Paraguay has been de
' stroyed, if there be not enough population left
to maintain the power of that State; if it be
also true that Brazil is to swallow up all the
power of that Stat.e, we ought certainly to have
I a competent man there to ascertain what is
going on, and make a report of the facts. And
| 1 hope that the proposition which the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has inti-
mated that he will submit will embrace some
sort of representation there.
Now, sir, I would not on any account enter
upon the discussion of the San Domingo ques-
tion to which the gentleman from New York
on the other side of the House [Mr. Wood]
has referred. But this much I may say in
regard to the contingent fund and to the ex-
penditure of money which has been made in
that direction. It is proposed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] not by
the Committee on Appropriations, to cut off
the right of contingent expenditures on the
part of the President without a report in detail
to Congress. That, sir, would effectually pro-
