18-70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5515
of certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1871, approved June 11, 1870,"
shall be expended under the direction of the
Secretary ef War for the repair and comple-
tion of the works heretofore begun between
Knoxvilie and Chattanooga, and for the con-
tinuation of the works now in progress below
Chattanooga, including the Muscle shoals.
Mr. STOKES. Thisjointresolutionismerely
to correct a mistake.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. HAWKINS. I object.
Mr. STOKES. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended, and the joint resolution passed.
The question was then taken ; and upon a
division, there were—ayes 95, noes 22.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 370) directing the expenditure of
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Tennessee river was passed.
houston, texas.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, from tlie Committee
on Commerce, by unanimous consent, reported
back, with a recommendation that the same do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 21G0) to create a port
of delivery at Houston, Texas.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Hous-
ton, in the State of Texas, shall be a port of
delivery within the collection district of Gal-
veston ; that there shall be appointed a sur-
veyor of customs to reside at said port, who
shall perform the duties and receive the com-
pensation and emoluments prescribed by the
act of Congress approved March 2, 1831,
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati,
Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez,
to be secured and paid at those places.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 1176) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of Archer N. Mar-
tin, late assessor of internal revenue for the
seventh collection district of Pennsylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
Francis A. Connell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer,'of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) authorizing
the Secretary of War to transfer to Keokuk,
Iowa, condemned ordnance for the ornament-
ation of the soldiers' cemetery at that place.
leave oe absence.
Mr. VAN TRUMP was granted leave of
absence from and after to-day for tbe remainder
this session.
MK HAWLEY was granted leave of absence
from and after three o'clock p. m. to-morrow
for thc;remainder of the session.
council bluffs, iowa.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on Com-
merce, for consideration at tbis time, a, bill
(H. R. No. 250) to establish a port of delivery
at Council Bluffs, Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objections to its present consideration
will be-ia order.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
city of Council Bluffs, in the State of Iowa,
shall be constituted a port of delivery, and
annexed to and made a part of the collection
district of New Orleans, and shall be subject to
the same regulations and restrictions as other
ports of delivery in the United States; and that
all the privileges and facilities afforded by the
act of Congress of March 2, 1831, allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St.
Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured
and paid at those places, shall be extended to
said port; and that a surveyor of customs shall
be appointed to reside at said port, and to per-
form all duties prescribed by law, who shall
receive the same compensation as now pro-
vided, or which may hereafter be provided by
law, for surveyors of the same grade.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to the bill being
reported at this time. There is a port of deliv-
ery at Omaha, just across the river.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move that the
rules be suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill ought to be
passed in justice to the people of Iowa.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes
47, noes G9; not two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PALMER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Palmer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 41.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, making two thirds voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 108, nays G8, not voting 51; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Banks, Barry, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Bookor, Boyd, GeorgcM. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Conger, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Degener,
Dixon, Duval. Farnsworth. Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Gilfilla-n, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
Hawiey, Hay, Hays, llefiin, Hill, Holman. Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Ivelloy, Kci-
logg, Ketcham, Logan, Loughridgc, Marshall. May-
nard, McCarthy,McCrary, Millies,Eliakim H.Moore,
Jesse H.Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morroll,
Myers, Nogley, O'Neill, Orth. Packard. Packer,
Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Sawyer, Scbenck, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, "William
Smyth, Steyenson, Stokes, Sfoughton, Strickland,
Strong. Taffe, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Voorhoes, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmorc, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Aieher,
Bailey, Barnuui, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Cowlos, Cox, Dickinson, Donley, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Haight, Haldeman, Ilambleton, HamiU, Jenokes,
lierr, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lawicnce, Lewis, May-
hani, McCormick, McKenzie, McNeely. Mercur,
Morgan, Morphis, Mungen, Niblack, Peck, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Schumakor, Seoiield, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone,
Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Townsend, Van
Auken. Van Trump. Van Wyck, Ward, Wells, Wil-
lard, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—G8.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ayer, Beaman. Bowen,
Burehard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Church-
ill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Covode, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss.
Garfield, Gibson, Griswold, Hale, Hoar, Hogo,
Hooper, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelsey, laflin. Lynch, McGrew, McKee, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Paine, Perce, Piatt,
Porter, Ridgway, Roots, Sargent, Shober, Stark-
weather, Stl'ader, Twichell, Wallace, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Wilkinson,
Winans, and VVitcher—54.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted upon its amendments disagreed to by
the House to the bill (H. R. No. 2015) to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House, and had appointed as conferees on the
part of the Senate Mr. Sherman, Mr. Mor-
rill of Vermont, and Mr. Hamilton of Mary-
land.
vernon h. vaughan.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the select Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, reported back the bill
(H. R. No. 2352)to relieve Vernon H.Vaughan,
of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, of all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. .
The bill was read.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend the
bill and the title so as to read "fourteenth
article of the amendments," instead of " four-
teenth amendment."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read tbe
third time, and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts of richard k. peebles.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, reported back from the
Committee of Claims a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 349) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Richard R.
Peebles, of Austin county, Texas, late collector
of the port of Galveston, Texas.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBUK.N, ofMassachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harbor at milwaukee.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2107) to repay to the
city of Milwaukee certain moneys advanced
for the construction of the new harbor; which,
with the accompanying report, was recommit-
ted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and report were recom-
mitted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ocean telegraphs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution by direc-
tion of the Committer on Commerce:
Resolved, That the sub-conjmittee of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, having in charge the question of
ocean telegraphs, be, and they aie hereby, author-
ized and directed to make an investigation into the
tariffs and exclusive rights of ocean submarine tol-
egraph companies connecting this country with any
other, and the land lines connecting therewith; that
they shall have power to send for persons andpa,pers,
to examine witnesses under oath, and to sit during
the recess of Congress; and shall report at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object. I shall object
to all propositions to empower committees to
sit during the recess. We had enough of that
last year.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules in order to pass the resolution.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I low insist, if the
