1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
For pay of the civil establishment at the
several navy-yards under this bureau:
At Navy- Yard, Boston.
Two writers, atone thousand and seventeen
dollars and twenty-five cents each ; in all, two
thousand and thirty-four dollars andfifty cents.
At the Navy- Yard, New York.
Two writers, atone thousand and seventeen
dollars and twenty-five cents each ; assistant
inspector of provisions and clothing, one thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy-eight dollars;
one writer to inspector of provisions and cloth-
ing, one thousand and seventeen dollars and
twenty-five cents; assistant superintendent of
mills, nine hundred and thirty-nine dollars; in
all, five thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight
dollars aud seventy five cents.
At the Navy-Yard, Philadelphia.
Two writers, at one thousand and seventeen
dollars and twenty-five cents each ; in all, two
thousand and thirty-four dollars andfifty cents.
At the Naoy- Yard, Washington.
Writer, one thousand and seventeen dollars
and twenty-five cents ; in all, one thousand
and seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk.
Writer, one thousand and seventeen dollars
and twenty-five cents; in ail, one thousand
and seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island.
Two writers, first at one thousand and sev-
enteen dollars and twenty-five cents, and sec-
ond at one thousand two hundred and ninety-
five dollars and fifty cents; in all, two thousand
three hundred and twelve dollars and seventy-
five cents.
At the Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.
Paymaster's assistant at Naval Asylum, one
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses:
For freight and transportation to foreign
and home stations; candles; fuel; interior
alterations and fixtures in inspection buildings;
tools and repairing same at eight inspections;
special watchmen in eight inspections ; books
and blanks ; stationery ; telegrams ; postages
and express charges; tolls, ferriages, and car-
tickets ; ice ; and incidental labor not charge-
able to other appropriations, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
bureau ob1 medicine and surgery.
For support of the medical department, for
surgeons' necessaries for vessels in commis-
sion, navy-yards, naval stations, Marine corps,
Coast Survey, not including the families of
officers on shore stations, fifty-one thousand
dollars.
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory,
hospitals, and appendages, including roads,
wharves, out-houses, steam-heating apparatus,
sidewalks, fences, gardens, and i'arms, plumb-
ers' and masotis'work,painting,glazing,and out-
fits of hospitals at Annapolis and Mare Island,
when completed, forty thousand dollars.
For pay of civil establishment under this
bureau at the several Navy hospitals and navy-
yards, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingencies, thirty thousand dollars.
naval academy.
For pay of professors and others: four pro-
fessors, viz : of French, of Spanish, one of
chemistry, and of ethics and English studies,
at one thousand eight hundred dollars each,
seven thousand two hundred dollars; nineteen
[eighteen] assistant professors, viz: five of
t'rench, two of Spanish, three of ethics and
English studies, three of mathematics, one of
astronomy, navigation, one of natural and ex-
perimental philosophy, and three of drawing,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each,
twenty-five thousand two hundred dollars;
sword-master, at one thousand two hundred
dollars, and two assistants at one thousand
dollars each, three thousand two hundred dol-
lars; boxing-master aud gymnast, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; assistant librarian
and secretary, at one thousand four hundred
dollars each, two thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; three clerks to Superintendent, oneat one
thousand two hundred dollar^Tone atone thou-
sand dollars, and one at eight Imndred dollars,
three thousand dollars ; clerk to commandant
of midshipmen, one thousand dollars; two
clerks to paymaster, one at one thousand dol-
lars, and one at six hundred dollars, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars; commissary at two
hundred and eighty-eight dollars ; mesnenger
to Superintendent at five hundred and eighty
dollars, and cook at three hundred and twenty-
five dollars and fifty cents, one thousand one
hundred and ninety-three dollars and fifty cents;
armorer at five hundred and twenty-nine dol-
lars and fifty cents, quarter-gunner at four hun-
dred and nine dollars and fifty cents,and gun-
ner's-mate at four hundred and sixty-nine dol-
lars and fifty cents, one thousand four hundred
and eight dollars and fifty cents ; coxswain at
four hundred and sixty-nine dollars and fifty
cents, and three seamen in departments of sea-
manship, at three hundred and forty-nine dol-
lars and fifty cents each, one thousand five
hundred and eighteen dollars ; band master at
five hundred and twenty-eight dollars, and
eighteen first-class musicians at three hundred
and forty-eight dollars each, six thousand seven
hundred andninety-tvvo dollars ; sevensecond-
class musicians at three hundred dollars each,
and two drummers and onefifer (first class) at
three hundred and forty-eight dollars each,
three thousand one hundred and forty-four dol-
lars ; in all, fifty-eight^housand eight hundred
and fifty-six dollars.
For pay of one captain of the watch, nine
hundred and twelve dollars and fifty cents.
Four watchmen, at two dollars and twenty-
five cents per day each.
Foreman at the gas and steam-heating works,
at four dollars per day ; ten attendants at the
gas and steam-heating works at Academy aud
school-ships, one at three dollars and twenty-
five cents per day, three at three dollars per
day each ; and six at two dollars and fifty cents
per day each; three joiners, two painters, and
two masons, at three dollars and fifty cents
per day each; tinner, gas-fitter, and blacksmith,
at three dollars per day each ; making in all
twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and thir-
ty-one dollars aud twenty-five cents.
For pay of oue mechanic at workshop, at two
dollars and twenty-five cents per day.
Master laborer to keep public grounds in
order, at two dollars aud twenty-eight cents
per day; fourteen laborers, three at two dollars
per day, and eleven at one dollar and seventy-
five cents per day ; laborer to Superintend-
ent, two dollars and twenty-eight cents per day;
four attendants at recitation-rooms, library,
chapel, and offices, at twenty dollars per month
each; twenty servants to keep in order mid-
shipmen's quarters and public buildings, at
twenty dollars per month each ; making in all,
seventeen thousandf'our hundred and sixty-two
dollars and seventy-five cents.
For pay in department of steam engineering
one machinist, at three dollars and fifty cents
per day; and one machinist at three dollars
per day; one blacksmith, one boiler-maker,
one pattern-maker, and one moider, at three
dollars per day each ; and two laborers, at one
dollar and seventy-five cents per day each;
making in all, eight thousand seven hundred
and sixty dollars.
For repairs and improvements of public
| buildings, ten thousand dollars.
| For contingent expenses :
I For material for heating and lighting the
Academy and school-ship's quarters, twenty
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for the library, two
thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, maps, and
models, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, two
thousand dollars.
For postage, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For furniture and fixtures for public build-
ings, two thousand dollars.
For expenses in the astronomical and philo-
sophical department, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of steam machinery, steam
pipe and fixtures, rent of buildings, freight,
cartage, water, musical instruments, uniforms
for band, telegraphing, and repairs of all kinds,
and incidental labor not applicable to any other
appropriation, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For rent of quarters, for foremau of gas and
steam-heating works, one hundred and eighty
dollars.
For engineers' stores, in department of
steam enginery, five hundred dollars.
For material for repair of steam machinery,
one thousand dollars.
marine corps.
For pay and subsistence of officers of the
Marine corps, and for pay of non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, privates, and others"
of the corps, seven hundred and thirty-one
thousand lour hundred and sixty-seven dol-
lars and seventeen cents.
For provisions, one hundred and thirty-five
thousand nine hundred and ninety-one dollars
and seventy cents.
For clothing, fifty thousand dollars.
For fuel, twenty-six thousand one hundred
and sixty-nine dollars.
For military stores, viz : for pay of mechan-
ics, repair of arms, purchase ofaccouterments,
ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, seven thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and their ser-
vants, and troops, and for expenses of recruit-
ing, fifteen thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices,
where there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
cartage, wharfage, purchase and repair of boats;
compensation of judge advocates; per diem for
attending courts-martial and courts of inquiry,
and for constant labor ; house rent ia lieu of
quarters and commutation for quarters to
officers, on ship-board; burial of deceased
marines; printing, stationery, postage, tel-
egraphing ; apprehension of deserters; oil,
candles, gas; repairs of gas and water fixtures ;
water rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture;
furniture for officers' quarters; bed-sacks,
wrapping-paper, oil-cloth, crash, rope, twine,
spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools;
keep of a horse for the messenger ; repairs to
fire-engines, purchase and repair of engine
hose ; purchase of lumber for benches, mess-
tables ; bunks ; repairs to public carryall ; pur-
chase and repair of harness; purchase and
repair of hand-carts and wheelbarrows; scav-
engering; purchase and repair oi galleys;
cooking stoves, ranges; stoves where there
are no grates ; gravel for parade grounds ; re-
pair of parade grounds ; repair of pumps ; fur-
niture for staff and commanding officers' offices;
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, aud for other
purposes, fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the first section of the act of March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the thirtieth o'
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,'' aspro-
vides that "thepay of a purser, when attached
I to and doing duty at the naval station of Cal-
