1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
if the manufacturer has been paid for meter* he did
not proceed to attach, and if any difference in the
amount of money deposited or paid for meters has
been made where the distilleries for which the appli- |
ration were made are of the same capacity; ana the i
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is instructed to
suspend the attachment or the use of any meter until
further action by this House.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
LAKH SUPERIOR MINERAL PRODUCTS.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a statement of the iron and copper
products of Lake Superior, the tonnage em-
ployed therein, and the condition of the Saolt
Ste. Marie Falls canal; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
CONSTRUCTION Of A LAW.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 185) construing section four of the act of
March 31, 1868; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CUSTOMS REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. II. No.
1460) to remedy certain defects in the judicial
administration of certain customs revenue
laws; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
REDUCTION OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Retolced, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing the income tax, or of reducing the same to
three per cent, and increasing the exemption to
$2,000, to take effect upon the income tax payable
the present year; and to report by bill or otherwise
as soon as practicable.
Mr. MYERS. I object.
INFORMATION RELATIVE TO INDIANS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That thePresident of the United States
be requested to famish for the information of the
House a copy of all orders, correspondence, reports
of councils with Indians by military and civil offi-
cers of the Government, and reports of military
oommandeis in the possession of the Interior and
War Departments, relating to difficulties with the
Cheyenne, Comanche, Arrapahoe, Apache, and Ki-
owa tribes of Indians during the year 1867; also a
copy of all orders, reports, and correspondence by
and with civil and military officers in reference to
the employment of Osage Indians in the military
service, the attaok upon a village of Cheyenne In-
diana on Wichita in November of that year, the
destruction of the lives and property of the said
Indians, the treatment and disposition made of the
women and children taken eaptive at that time, and
the abandonment for fifteen days of Major E lliott and
seventeen of his men.
JOSEPH 8JHTH, OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1461) granting a pen-
sion to Joseph Smith, of Philadelphia, a soldier
of the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
MBS. UNITY WELSH, OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1462) granting a
pension to Mrs. Unity Welsh, of Philadelphia;
which was read a first and second time, aud
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous coflsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1463) in relation to
the practice and proceedings in the courts of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
INDIANS CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following Resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Raolvtd, That the Judiciary Committee be, and
thecr aw hereby, instructed to inquire whether, if
the Cherokees, Choctaws, and. other Indian tribes are
cituens of the United States by virtue of the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution*
the stipulations and agreements of existing treaties
are not binding upon both parties until abrogated
by consent of both.
HON. JACOB S. GOLLADAY.
Mr. STOKES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. About the 28th of last month one ot the
members of the House forwarded to the Speaker
a copy of his resignation, or at least aunounced
to the Speaker that he had forwarded his resig-
nation to the Governor of his State. I allude
to Hon. Jacob S. Golladay. I will read from
the Globe:
resignation of hon. j. S. golladay.
The Speaker laid before the House the following:
House of Representatives,
Washington, February 28,1870.
Sib: I inclose yon a letter herewith tendering my
resignation to the State of Kentucky as a member
of Congress from the third distriot.
V ery respectfully,
J. S. GOLLADAY.
Hon. James u. Blaine.
House or Representatives,
Washington, D. C.. February 28,1870.
Dear Sir: I herewith tender you my resignation
as a member of Congress from the third district of
Kentucky.
Very respectfully, J. S. GOLLADAY.
His Excellency John W. Stevenson.
It now appears that the Governor of Ken-
tucky refuses to recognize his resignation and
to order a uew election. I have prepared a
preamble and resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it be read first.
Mr. PAINE. I reserve the right to make the
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already done that.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas on the 28th day of February, 1870, Jacob
S. Golladay, a member of this House, tendered bis
resignation to the Governor of the Stateof Kentucky;
and whereas he inclosed a copy of his communication
to said Governor to the Speaker of this House, by
whom it was communicated to this House; and
whereas the Governor of tho State of Kentucky per-
emptorily refused to aceept tho resignation tendered
as aforesaid, and has requested a withdrawal of the
same, which request has been complied with: Now,
therefore.
Be it retolved, That in view of said refusal of the
Governor of Kentucky to accept the resignation ten-
dered to him, and in view of the withdrawal of hia
communication to said Governor, Jacob S.Golladay
be, and is hereby, permitted to withdraw his commu-
nication to the Speaker of the House, and resume his
seat in this body.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
certain communications relating to this subject,
which he hardly knows whether he should have
laid before the House at all had not the subject
come up in this way, as a question claimed to
be a question of privilege. The Chair has
received communications of this date, which
he will direct the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D. C., March 7,1870.
Deab Sib : On the 2Sth ultimo I addressed you a
note covering a copy of my resignation sent by mail
to his Excellency John W. Stevenson, Governor of
Kentucky. On Saturday night late 1 received the
following dispatch from him, in which he declines
the acceptance, and takes a very different view from
inino as to the effect of that resignation upon the
State and myself. I have therefore, in deference to
his construction, withdrawn the same as per copy
herewith inclosed, and through you (and as hereto-
fore to the chairman of committee) invite the fullest
investigation into any charge against me with regard
to the cadetship sales.
Very respeottully, J. S. GOLLADAY,
Hon. Jakes G. Blaine, Speaker of the House.
Washington, D. C., March 7,1870.
Dear SiR: I this day, in accordance with your
views, as evidenced in your dispatch of the 5th in-
stant, respectfully ask to withdraw my resignation
as member of Congress from the third congressional
district of Kentucky. I have also submitted a copy
of this communication to Hon* Jambs G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives, for the
action of tho House in this regard.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
J. S. GOLLADAY.
His Excellency John W. Stevenson, Governor, &c.
The SPEAKER. The telegraphic dispatch
of the Governor of Kentucky,. to which the
communication just read is a reply, will now be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Executive Mansion,
Frankfort, Kentucky, March 5, 1870.
To Hon. Jacob S. Golladay :
Your letter tendering your resignation as a Rep-
resentative from the third congressional district in
\ this State is received.
< I am constrained to decline your resignation. You
1 owe it to Kentucky, to your constituency, and to your-
i self to demand that the congressional investigation
as to the alleged oharges affecting your individual
honor and the fame of this Commonwealth should
be fearlessly prosecuted to a final result by the only
tribunal which possesses the power to acquit, you.
J. W. STEVENSON.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I have pre-
sented this preamble and resolution as an act
of simple justice to my friend, Mr. Golladay.
I have known him long. We have been per-
sonal friends, intimate friends; and I have
presented this believing that the House should
decide as to what Bhould be done in the prem-
ises. I believe there is no precedent to which
reference can be made. I have been unable
to find one word or letter in the Constitution
or in the rales of the House, or any parliament-
ary nsage, which decides this question. It is
a new case; and for that reason I have asked
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that they may report what action
ought to be taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a little while?
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, in what I
i may say touching this resolution it is not my
| purpose to reflect upon the gentleman from
I Kentucky who resigned his seat npon this floor.
Bat it is my purpose to ask the attention of the
House to the extraordinary fact that the Gov-
ernor of a State assumes to force upon the
House of Representatives a member whose seat
has become vacant by his own act, as recorded
npon the Journal of the House. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to say further that the assumption of
this Governor is to set aside an express pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
in utter disregard of his own oath and in utter
disregard of the rights of the whole people of
this country. I would suggest, Mr. Speaker,
to this House that it is not needfnlto refer such
a resolution to the Judiciary Committee ; bat
it is needful for the Congress of the United
States to pass an act to compel respect to the
express letter of the Constitution of this coun-.
try by the Governor of every State of this Union.
I make this remark, Mr. Speaker, with no
view of reflecting personally upon the Governor
of Kentucky, but I make it for the purpose of
calling the attention of the Honse to the ex-
traordinary position assumed by the Governor
in sending tne communication which has been
read here, that he will not recognize the action
of this House nor the action of a member of
this House.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to say this: I do
not think the gentleman from Ohio does
justice 
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman to make a speech,; I only yielded for a
question.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I wanted to place the mat-
ter in a light which I think the gentleman from
Ohio will himself admit to be correct. I sub-
mit that the telegram of the Governor of Ken-
tucky is not liable to any such construction as
that placed on it by the gentleman from Ohio.
All he asks and all that that telegram can be
construed into is nothing more nor less than
this: that Mr. Golladay owes it to the State of
Kentucky, and that the State of Kentucky owes
it to herself and to her Representatives, that
whatever charge may be brought against one
of them here shall be investigated by the only
tribunal that has power to investigate that
charge, and either exonerate or condemn. It
is no spirit of dictating to Congress any further
