1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
adequate on account of the room, I presume;
because it is, if anything, longer than the room
above. It is, perhaps, larger, or it may be of
the same size. It is a similar room. It is not
unfit because it is inconvenient for receiving
mail matter, for it is much better adapted ;
because all the mail mattfr has to be lugged in
below and carried out below.
What are the objections ? The gentleman
has suggested two others, which I suppose are
the ones taken by the Postmaster. One is the
want of light. How does he get along for want
of light no w ? For as I understand—and if I am
mistaken I can be corrected—the two mails
now received and distributed are in the morn-
ing and in the evening, and gas-light is always
used there while they are engaged in that part
of the work. It is a room which has been
occupied by one or more, I believe by two, of
the important committees of this House, and
we have never heard of any complaint before;
or if so, it has not been urged to such an extent
as to interfere with the discharge of their duty
there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to state that
the room assigned to the post office by the
order of the House has been for the last and
the present session thus far occupied by two
committees, the Committee on Reconstruction
and the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads ; and I do not remember any occa-
sion when they have been required to use gas.
We found the room a fair one; not quite so
light and large as some others, but still not a
bad room.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not believe it is as
large, light, and airy a room as one of the same
size, with or without additional decorations,
upon this floor; but we cannot all be suited to
the fullest degree in these matters, and we
must do the best we can. It is said to be
damp. I never heard of any injury to the
health of any member of the Committee on
Reconstruction or of the large and respect-
able Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, of which the gentlemen from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] is chairman. I never
heard of any complaint from either of those
two committees that their health was endan-
gered from the necessity of their transacting
business there. The truth is, this Capitol with
its arrangement and our large business, with
the large number of officers, divided and sub-
divided, is not found sufficient to accommo-
date all, and somebody in the distribution
must get the better and more commodious
places, and others such as are not quite equally
as good.
This is apparently a struggle between an
officer of the House, in reference to that which
he has to do in connection with the House, and
the committees of the House and a large num-
ber of the members of the House in regard to
that which they have to do and the conven-
iences for doing it. I do not understand
members of this House are to be controlled
by officers of the House, any more than we
are improperly to exercise control over those
officers; but I do say this, that the gentle-
man from Vermont, whatever maybe the case
with the Postmaster himself, is utterly mis-
taken when he puts this question upon the
ground of convenience to members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, of
the Committee on Appropriations, or of the
other committees. So far as ourpersonal com-
forts are concerned we have not asked for this
change at all. If any one wants to confirm
what has been said heretofore of the necessity
for some change, so far as the business of the
Committee of Ways and Means is concerned—
and I speak from personal knowledge—let him
step into that committee-room and see its table
piled up with books, tariffs of all nations, man-
uscripts and pamphlets, with little or no sit-
ting-room ; anti then go there to-night, when we
are to hear counsel and delegations submit
arguments in behalf of the claims of the bitu-
minous coal fields of Pennsylvania and Mary-
land, and say whether- we have the kind of
committee-room necessary for that purpose.
I hope I do not need to insist upon this;
and I hope I do not need to assure the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poujid] that it is
not a mere question of personal comfort. It
is a question about the transaction of the public
business. I have said, and the House seemed
to be satisfied—most of the members know it
to be the fact—that so far as the labors of some
of the committees are concerned the accom-
modation they now have is not sufficient for
the due transaction of the public business with
proper facility. Somebody must give way;
somebody must yield a little. 1 do not feel
that the objections of the Postmaster, though
they are true to some extent—for the room is
not so light and airy as that from which he is
to be removed—ought to override, when we are
making a new apportionment of these rooms,
the urgent necessity for better accommodations
for some of the committees of the House.
I trust that the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] will not
prevail. If it does we shall have no change
made this session.
Mr. JUDD. In addition to what the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has said upon
this question, I desire to call the attention of
the House to that portion of the communication
which complains of the change made in behalf
of the Committee on Banking and Currency.
The Postmaster gays that that will increase the
confusion in his office. I will say to the House,
and especially to the gentleman from Vermont,
that the room which the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency will vacate as soon as the
other room is prepared for them is on the
same floor with the new room assigned to the
Postmaster, and very much nearer than the
room which the branch office now occupies.
The change will therefore facilitate the dis-
charge of the duties and the business of
the post office, as the branch office will be
nearer the regular post office, and the room is
quite suitable for the purposes and business of
that office, and is as well lighted and better
lighted than the room which the branch office
now occupies. It is not, it is true, quite as
pleasantly located, and is not quite as large;
but the room now to be vacated, if the order
is carried out, by the Committee on Banking
and Currency, added to the room assigned un-
der the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio,
will give the Postmaster all the room he needs ;
and I contend most strenuously if there is
to be any choice of rooms in this Capitol for
the discharge of the public business those com-
mittees that act upon the public business should
have the choice, and not the Postmaster.
Mr. DAWES. A good deal has been said
upon the floor in reference to the Committee
on Appropriations, of which I am chairman,
and its convenience in this matter, and I
desire to say a single word upon that subject.
The committee have taken no part in any at-
tempt to dislodge the Postmaster ; and it seems
to me that it is very possible that the Post-
master might be accommodated in another part
of this building better than in the old room of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. But the question for the House is this:
with four of the best rooms in the whole wing
of the Capitol on this side appropriated to one
officer of the House, and the best rooms on that
side appropriated to another officer of the
House, whether the committees of the House,
which from the nature of the duties they have
to perform have constantly in attendance large
delegations to be heard—whether they have
room to transact their business, or whether
they shall allow their convenience, to yield to
that of officers of the House?
The Committee on Appropriations when it
was formed, four years ago, had no room what-
ever for the transaction of its business. A
reception-room, used for another purpose,
smaller than any other committee-room in this
Capitol, was assigned to them temporarily.
They were put into it, and there they have been
to this- day. The room is so short that, with
a table leaving space just wide enough for each
member to sit down and one at each, end, it is
impossible for anybody of full size to pass on
either side. Nor is it possible,for anybody to
pass up and down; so that the delegationsthat
are compelled to be heard by -that committee
have.to wait in the corridor, and one at a time
stands in the doorway and is delivered, and
another takes his place.
Two years ago, when I had nothing to do
with the Committee on Appropriations, this
inconvenience, this absolute necessity for a
change, induced that committee to ask this
House to give them one of thefourrooms that
the Clerk of the House has, and the House
gave that room to the committee, and proposed
to put the clerks who occupied it into thecom-
mittee-room. But the Clerk felt that it so
inconvenienced him that he came in here the
next day, and by his great popularity and
influence induced the House to rescind its vote,
and the Committee on Appropriations was sent
back into that little corner there, because it
was not so convenient for the clerks of the
House to occupy that room as to occupy the
other and larger room, and they have remained
in that room to this time. This very morn-
ing we had officers of the bureaus at the other
end of the avenue standing in the corridor
waiting their turns to be heard upon the appro-
priations, and coming one at a time and stand-
ing on the threshold of the door and telling us
what they wanted.
Now, I do not want to crowd out the Post-
master. I have not asked that he shall be.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] in
the interest of his own committee, which is
crowded as mine is, has very kindly made room
for my committee, and I am very much obliged
to him. I had already made an effort to ar-
range this matter with the Clerk, and get one
of the four rooms now occupied by him for the
accommodation of the Committee on Appro-
priations ; but somehow or other the business
transacted before that committee is not of im-
portance enough to incommode any officer of
this House. I make this statement as to the
necessities of the committee. Whether the
post office is located by the resolution which
has been adopted in the best place or not I do
not know; but I apprehend that out there in
the old Hall is a better place for the Postmas-
ter, and more convenient for the members of
the House. But whether the committee shall
wait upon the officers of the House is the ques-
tion before us.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman from Ohio
Mr. Schenck] and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairmen of two
important committees of the House, entirely
misapprehend the drift of this resolution, en-
tirely misapprehend its purpose and spirit and
what I desire to accomplish by it. Neither am
I, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
intimates, a mere tool in the hands of the Post-
master of this House to make this application.
I am quite as anxious as those gentlemen can
be that their committees shall be well accom-
modated. I do not desire to break up any
arrangement that has been made, so far as their
committees are concerned, to give them better
accommodations than they now have. But I
do say, Mr. Speaker, I assure the House that
it is utterly impossible that the post office can
be kept in the place where it has been ordered
by the resolution of the House. I admit that
i f the convenience of the Postmaster or any
officer of this House comes in collision with
the convenience of members of the House and
of the chairmen of committees the convenience
of the officer is to give way. It may be an olct-
fashioned notion of mine, but I did suppose
that the lives and health of other men might
perhaps be mentioned in connection with tin-
convenience of those gentlemen
Now, what do I-propose by this resolution !
