5516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
gentleman from Ohio has the floor on $ privi-
leged question, that he sh'all proceed,
Mr. MAYNAED. I ask my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means tp yield
to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
TAX AND TARIFF BILLS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I send to the Clerk's desk
a report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on tbo disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
No. 2045, to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, having inet, alter fall and fioe conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows;
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to the following amendments of the
Senate, and agree to thesamo, namely: 23, 21, 25, 26,
28, 29, 31, 33, 34, 39,43,44, 40, 47, 48, 53,54,60, CO, 63, 65,
07. 68, 70, 72, 79, 82, 83,84, 85, 80, and 97.
That the Senate reeedo from their amendments
numbered 30, 35, 38, 58, 59, Gi, 64, and 06; and the
House agree to the same.
That the House iecede from thoir disagreement to
the third amendment of tlio Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out all
of said Senate amendment and insert in lieu thereof
the following:44 as hereinafter provided, for the yoars
1870 and 1871, and no longer."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: strike out
of said amendment the .words " of oach yearand
on page 70, line thirteen, strike out the word" year "
and insert in lieu thereof" of said years."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth amendment of the Sonate, und agreo
to the same with the following amendment: strike
outsaidSc-nateamendment andinsertin lieufhercof
the following: "for and during the year 1371."
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
tho thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in line eleven of said Senate amendment strike out
the word "collected" and insert in lieu theieof
"levied or assessed/'
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-sixth amendmentof theSonate, and agree
to the same with the fallowing amendment: add the
following:
And the President is also authorized to consolidate
in like manner, at his discretion, any two or more
adjoining supervisors' districts, and.to retain or ap-
point one supervisor for such consolidated district.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That as soon as
practicable after the passage of this act the number
of assistant assessors employed shall be permanently
reduced k>y the discharge of all officers of that class
who are assigned specially to the assessment of any
taxes whieh shall have been abolished by law; and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall be re-
quired further to reduce the number ot assistant
assessors in proportion to any reduction of the ser-
vice of assessment which has been made, or may
hereafter be made by the repeal of anyportion of
the internal taxes.
Sko.—. And be it further enacted, That section
sixty-seven of an act approved July 13, I860, enti-
tled "An act to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled 'xln act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved June 30, 1864, and acts amendaloiy thereof,"
bo amended by inserting after tho words "that in
any eases, civil or criminal," the words "at law or in
equity." Also, by inserting after the words " if the
suit were commenced in the court below by sum-
mons" tho words following: "subpena, petition,
or by any other form of action, except as hereinafter
provided," Also, by inserting alter the woids "or
if it wer© commenced by capiasthe words lollow-
ing: "or by any similar form of proceeding by which
aporsonal arrest is ordered."
That the llouserecede from their disagreement to
the fortieth amendment of the Senate, and agreo to
the same with the fol!ov#ng amendment: ms.-it
in lipu of the matter proposed to bo inserted by the
Senate the following:
On all molasses, live cents per gallon.
On tank-bottom, birup ol sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, and concentrated molasses,
one und one half oentsper pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar not above No. 7
Hutch standaid in color, one and three quarters cents
per pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar above No. 7 Dutch
standard in color, ana oil all other sugars not above
No. 10 Dutch standaid in color, two cents per pound.
On all other sugars above No. 10 Duteh standard
in color, and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in
color, two and one quarter cents per pound.
On all other sugar3 above No. 13 Latch stand aid
in color, and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in
color, two and three quarters cents per pound.
On all other sugars above No. 16 Dutch staudaul
in color, and not above No. ^0 Dutch standard in
color, three and one quarter cents per pound.
On aii sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on all rclincd UmI, lump, ci u^hed, powdered, and
granulated tuifar. lour cents per pound: ptooid<-d.
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions prescribe and require that samples bhull be
taken by inspector from the hogshead, box, or other
package, in such a manner as to represent a true
ftvi rage of the contents of the package, and from a
sufficient number of packages of the same mark in
each and every invoice, so that the samples on which
the classification is made shall be a fair average in
quality of the sugar imported under that mark; afld
the classification shall be adjudged on tho entire
mark accordingly; and the weights of sugar im-
ported in casks or boxes shall be marked distinctly
by the custom-house weigher by scoring the figures
indelibly on each package.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-first amendmentof the Senate, and agree to
tho same with the following amendment:
Strike out the matter proposed to be inserted by
the Senate and insert in lieu thereof tho following:
On all wines imported in casks containing not more , u.v -   ->  ■••
than twenty-two per cent, of alcohol, and valued at II to the same with an amendment, as follows:
per pounds * valued at over seven cents per square
yard, three cents per pound. .... ,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with tho following amendments: in lines
five and six of said Senate amendment strike out
the words 44 and telegraph wire shall be subject to a
I duty of forty per cent, ad valorem: ' in hue eleven,
i aft or the word "dollar," insert and fifty cents."
! Strike "out all of lines twenty and twenty-one and
! insert in lipu thereof the following: On hair cloth
! of the description known as hair seating, eighteen
i inches wide or over, forty cents per square yard;
| loss than eigli teen inches wide, thirty cents persquare
! ffihat the House recede from their disagreement to
' the fifty-second amendmentof the Senate.and agree
not exceeding forty cents per gallon, twenty-five
cents per gallon ; valued at over forty cents and not
over one dollar per gallon, sixty cents per gallon;
valued at over one dollar per gallon, one dollar per
gallon, and in addition thereto twenty-live per cent.
ad valorem, On wines of all funds, imported in bot-
tles, and not otherwise herein provided for,thesamo
rate per gallon as wines imported in casks; but all
bottles containing one quart or loss than ono quart,
and more than one pint, shall be held tooontain one
quart; and all bottles containing one pint or loss shall
be held to contain ono pint, and shall pay in addi-
tion three cents tor oach bottle.
On champagne and all other sparkling wines, in \
bottles, six dollars per dozen buttles containing each
not more than one quart and more than one pint;
and three dollars per dozen bottles containing not
more than ono pint each and more than one half
pint; and one dollar and fifty cents per dozen bottles
containing one half pint each or less; and in bottles .
containing more than one quart each, shall pay, in |;
addition to six dollars per dozen butties, at the late
of two dollars per gallon on the quantity in excess
of one quart per bottle: Provided, That any liquors
containing more than twenty-two pcroent. of alcohol,
which fduti'l bo entered under tho name of wine, shall
bo forfeited to tho United States; And -provided Jar-
thci\ Thatwmes, brandy, and otherspirituous liquors
impiuted in bottles bhall be packed in packages con-
taming not less t hun one dozen botf U sin each pack-
age ; aud all such bottles shall pay an additional duty
of three cents for each botilo; no allowance t hai 1 be
made for broakago unless such breakage is actually
ascertained by count and oci tilled by acustom-houso
appraiser; and so much oi section fifty-nine of an act
entitled " An act to regulate the colieerion of duties
on imports and tonnage," appioved Alareh 2,
as provided for allowance loi leakage and breakage,
is heieby repealed.
On brandy and on other spiiits manufactured or
distilled from grain or other materials, and not other-
wipe provided for, two dollars per proof gallon : Pro-
vided, That each and eveiy gauyo oi wine gallon of
measurement shall be counted ax at least one proof
gallon v and tho standard tor determining the proofof
brandy and other spirits, and of wine or liquors ot
any kind imported, shall be tho same as that which
is defined in tho second section of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes, approved June 2U, 1368.
On cordials, liqueurs,arrack, absinthe,kusch-was-
scr, vermuth, ratafia, aud other similar spirituous
beverages, or bitters containing spirit* and not other-
wise provided for, two dollars per proof gallon : P>o-
vuled, That any brandy other or spirituous liquors
imported in casks of less capacity than fourteen gal-
lons sluii be forfeited to the United Slates.
On pimento,and on black.whue, and red or Cayenne
popper, live cents per pound.
On giound pimento, and on ground pepper of all
kinds, ten cents per pound.
On ginger root, two cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, live cents per pound.
On cinnamon ami on nutmegs, twenty cents per
pound.
On mace, twenty-five cents per pound.
On cloves, live cents per pound.
On clove steins, three cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty cents per
pound.
On all other spices, twenty cents per pound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents per pouud.
On coisets, or manuumtured cloth, 'woven or made
in patterns ot sueli si/e, shape, and form, or cut in
such manner as to be fit ior corsets v/nen valued at
six dollars per dozen or less, two dollars per dozen ;
when valued over six dollars per dozen, thirty-five
per ccnt. <td valorcin.
On eyelets of every dc:eription, six cents per thou-
sand.
Oil ultramaiine. six cents per pound.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Strike out the matter proposed to be inserted by
the Senate and insert in lieu thereof the followiug:
On nickel, thirty cents per pound. .
On nickel oxide, and alloy of nickel with copper,
twenty cents per pound.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
Insert iu lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted
by tho Senate tho following:
Round, unmanufactured.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the pari oj the Senate.
ROBT, C. SOIiENCK,
WM. D. KELLEY,
Managers on the part of the House,
Tho conferees of tho Senate and House further
recommend that on page75 of tho House bill, at tho
end of line fifteen, tho following woids be added :
Except that the deduction s>hall he only $1,000 for
any year prior to 1870.
Thoy further recommend that tho enrolling clerk
fill the blanks with the numbers of the sections
referred to in the last ten amendments.
During the reading of the report,
Sir. RANDALL said; Mr. Speaker, we can-
not understand what is proposed by the com-
mittee of conference merely by reading that
certain numbers are agreed to and other num-
bers are not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Such is the usual form of
conference reports, but the gentleman from
Ohio perhaps can explain in a few words the
aetion of the conference committee and save
the reading of this long report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to sub-
mit any general explanation in behalf of the
report, but if the House wishes to suspend its
reading by the Clerk I will answer any question
which any gentleman may wish to ask me on
this subject, stipulating, however, that only one
gentleman shall interrogate me at the same
time.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have the report
read, but not by numbers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit, as a question
of order, that in the reading it is no.t in order
to interpolate anything into the report; that
nothing but the report of the committee of
conference can be called for or read now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I shall demand an
explanation of each number.
The readiug of the report of the committee
of conference was then resumed and concluded.
MIfi&SAUK FfiO.M THE SENATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gohham,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate
farther insisted on their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
obOj to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion _oi the national debt, to extend banking
I facilities, and to establish specie payments,
greed to a further conference on the disagree-
ing votes ot the two Houses, and appointed
AT" Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Dayis
the foi ty-second amendmen t of the Senate, and agi ee
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the m, ittci proposed to boinacrtcd by the Senate i! Mr. SlIElUlA^s.
and insert in lieu thereof the following: : 00 *,*,*'    * ,> ,,
On ilax straw, live dollars per ton, j. s cotntietb on the patt ol the Senate,,
On ilax not hackled or diessed, twenty dollars per n -1 he message further announced that the Sen*
douk?n!V/\o\?eklCd'knOWn2S"drtt^edlme'',f0lty i a>te a^reCfi 10 the resolution of the House of
On iit'mp, Manila, and other like substitutes ior I; -f^presentatives to print additional copies of
hemp, not otherwise pi ovidedfur, twenty-live dollars the net entitled "An act ta enforce the rights
the
per ton.
On the tow oi flax or hemp, '„en dollais per ton.
That the House recede irom their disagreement to
the torty-litlh amendment oi the Sonata, and «4jroo
to the same with the follov, .n^ yniendmoht: strike
out all of lines live, six, and .->evon oi' said Senate
amendment and iusci t i.i 1 leu thereof tho IojIowihj;:
At seven cents or lei-> per lapuu-e yaid, two cents
ol citizens ot the United States tu vole i
several ^States ot this Union, and for other pux-
P1-^approved May 31, 1870.
x he messagefurtherannounced that the Sen-
ate agreed to ;he resolution of the House of
Representatives to print additional copies of
