2684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
with all the publishers of the United States, !
and he can enforce the law in every instance
without delay and without expense. There is
another fact which the committee considered
to be of importance in recommending this
change. 1 have incidentally alluded to it
already. The books that are required to be
deposited in the district courts throughout the
country are frequently lost or mislaid and
never reach the depository in the Patent Office.
The Librarian and the Commissioner of Patents
both informed me that there were several
clerks' oflices from which no regular return is
received, and that there is one from which no
return has been received for seven years. And
in other districts where the business is large
and there are numerous registrations the Li-
brarian of Congress, in order to keep up his
own collection according to the law of 1865,
has been obliged personally to go to the clerks'
offices, examine their records, and make the
transcripts for the purpose of performing his
duties under the law.
It is provided also that the Librarian shall
make a report every year to Congress of the
number of those publications, and also a cata-
logue of them.
The SPEAKER. The morning liour has
expired.
order oil' business.
Mr. SCIIENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the contested-
election case of Tuckcr vs. Booker.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire that the House
shall go into Committee of the Whole, to re-
sume consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. F ARN S W O RT J I. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment to make a report
from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Iioads ? It will not take a minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman.
sew tom ynd 1ioston post offices.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent. from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, presented the report of their
investigations with reference to the construc-
tion of the New York and Boston post offices ;
and moved that the report, with the additional
testimony not heretofore printed, bo ordered
to be printed, and that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
railroad land grants.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back the bill (II. R.
No. 832) granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin, to aid in the construction of a break-
water and harbor and ship-canal at the head
ofSturgeon bay in the county of Door, in the
said State, to connect the waters of Green bay
with Lake Michigan, in said State; and moved
that the bill, with the accompanying papers,
bo recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the same committee, re-
ported back the bill (II. R. No. 1084) granting
the right of way and lands to the Sacramento
Irrigation and Navigation Company; andmoved
that the bill, with the accompanying papers,
be recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (II. R. No. 1082) to aid in the construction
of a railroad from New Orleans to the western
boundary of Louisiana, and moved that it be
recommitted to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (II. R. No. lo'JO) to aid in the construction
of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad, and
moved that it be recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were severally recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Duval, for two weeks from
to-morrow, and the leave of absence hereto-
fore granted to Mr. Morpiiis was extended for
ten days.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. II. No. 1542) to author-
ize the city of Buffalo, New York, to construct
a tunnel under Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom.
order op business.
Mr. RANDALL. I now insist on the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] must proceed or surren-
der the floor.
Mr. PAINE. What becomes of the ques-
tion of privilege? We ought to consider the
contested-election cases.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] rose first and was entitled to
the first recognition. Should the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio not prevail, the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I desire to yield once more to the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Clark.]
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the Chair
to have decided that I cannot yield to hear
what the gentleman from Texas desires, that
I cannot yield conditionally. That was the
decision of the Chair this morning, and there-
fore I must object absolutely.
evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union 1 move that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be ordered to take a
recess from half past four o'clock until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff hill
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 79, noes 29.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the biil (H. It. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose last evening it had under consideration
the following paragraph of the bill :
On hemp unmanufactured, $40 per ton.
The pending question was on an amend-
ment to strike out " $10 " and insert "$25"
in lieu thereof, upon which debate was ex-
hausted.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$2o" and inserting
"$30." Mr. Chairman, when this subject was
under discussion yesterday in the committee the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, stated a proposition to the
effect that this bill made a distinction between
two classes of hemp, Russian hemp and Ma-
nila hemp, and that that distinction was in
contravention of an existing treaty with Rus-
sia which would probably create some em-
barrassment and interfere with the existing
friendly relations between the two countries.
Of course this House estimates the authority
of the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Basks] as very
great upon all questions in reference to treaties
and in regard to our relations with foreign
countries. But there are one or two proposi-
tion's which necessarily grow out of his posi-
tion. First, are these articles of "like char-
acter," that being called "hemp" which is
known in commerce as Manila, and the hemp
which is the production of Russia?
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] referred to a paragraph in the message
of the President calling the attention of Con-
gress to the apparent injustice which it was
proposed to commit against the country of
Russia, and referring to the sixth article of
the treaty of 1832, as agreed upon between the
two countries, giving entire reciprocity to that
country, admitting all its products upon the
same footing with those of the most favored na-
tions. But the question arises whetherin putting
the duty on Manila at $25 per ton and the duty
on the liu ssian article at $40 pertonthereisany
conflict in reference to those two articles. In
commerce Manila hemp is known as grass. It
has no properties like those of hemp. It is
not used for the same purpose. It is used to
make a smaller kind of cordage, but never for
making large ropes that are used for vessels,
&c. Manila is of a different texture, and has
a different fiber from hemp, and is a different
vegetable substance.
But the point to which I desire to call the
attention of the Committee of the Whole is
this : admitting that the two articles are pre-
cisely the same, a question then arises which
it is important for this House to determine
sooner or later. The question is whether the
treaty-making power, treaties being designated
by the Constitution as the supreme law of the
land, can go any further than to make treaties
which execute themselves ; whether it is
within the power of the President and the
Senate to make a treaty that will compel this
House to appropriate money in pursuance of
the provisions of that treaty, with no discre-
tionary power on the part of the House;
whether it can also make a treaty which will
regulate the introduction of foreign produc-
tions into this country, in contravention of the
existing tariff laws of this country?
Now, I hold that there is no such power
conferred upon the treaty-making department
of the Government; that it is limited to such
treaties oulv as can cxccute themselves. I
hold that where the public money is to be
expended, as under the Alaska treaty, this
House has the right to grant or to withhold
the money called for by the treaty.
Moreover, I bold that under that portion of
the Constitution providing that all bills for the
purpose of raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatives, the treaty-mak-
ing power cannot control this House in its
right to determine for itself what tax or what
duty shall bo imposed upon any foreign article
coming into this country when we desire to
raise a revenue therefrom to support the Gov-
ernment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. SCHENCIv. This debate, from the
course pursued by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks,] has
taken a somewhat singular direction. It in-
volvesa question arising underatreaty. Now,
without taking the ground, for which there is
certainly some plausibility, assumed by the
gentleman from_ New York [Mr. Wood] who
has just taken his seat, but admitting for the
sake of argument that which is claimed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buss,]
how stands the question?
We have a treaty with Russia, by which we
