1370.
m® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3629
tablished to soon as this Poqse. shall fiurly
represent the people of the United Stated.
Why should we hesitate to reooguiae the influ-
ence which this great Power exercises over
the whole earth V Morally, religiously, and
artistically it is a Power worthy of great con-
sideration, and one to which all nations of any
pretensions, except our own, have at all times
sent their representatives. The importance
of this Power is something apart from any
question as to religious opinions. Home is a
plaoe to which thousands are constantly mak-
ing pilgrimage, not merely for the sake of any
religious associations, but in riew of its attrac-
tions to the artist, the student, the classical
scholar, the lover of ancient history, and to
the wan whose mind is imbued with historical
recollections of Cicero and Cato and Cassar.
On account of its attraction* iii this light,
Home is a place to which thousands and tens
of thousands of Americans have goqe; and the
travel from the United States is increasing every
year. I had hoped that those old impressions
respecting religion had been banished from this
House, and that they would not be revived here.
The church of Rome is not my church, and I
do not speak ia the interest of that church;
but I speak in behalf of the most venerable
city of the world. I speak in behalf of art
and the artists of the whole earth. I speak in
behalf of painting and sculpture and the wor-
shipers of those arts throughout the whole
earth. I speak ia behalf of the American
traveler who wishes to have his country rep-
resented there. I hope this motion, if not in
this form, will at last prevail.
The committee divided; and there were--
ayes 46, noes 66.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks of
New York, and Mr. Kelsey, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 45, noes 71.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I voted against the motion
of the gentleman from New York because it
embraced a proposition to strike out Guate-
mala.
Mr. COX. I ri?e to a point of order. There
is no amendment pending.
Mr. BANKS. I will move an amendment.
I move to insert after the word " Turkeythe
word "Rome." Guatemala is the State from
which the Isthmus was settled. It is the parent
State of Central America, aad if ther§be any
part of that portion of the world where we
should send a minister it should be to that
State of Guatemala. 1 would rather consent
to the omission of the representative to some
other State than the omission of a representa-
tive to Guatemala. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
think there is policy in oar being represented
at Rome. Not to send a representative there
of this Government, a very large portion of our
population, in the first place, will feel thatitie
an intentional disrespect to their faith ; and I
would rather not incur any such suspicion as
that. Inasmuch as we are represented at other
States, I think we should be represented at
Rome. We should send a' minister there as
well as to other places. Why send a minister
to Turkey and none to Rome?
Mr. DAWES. Does Rome send any here ?
Mr. BANKS. It is not neoessary that Rome
should send any here.
Mr. DAWES. Turkey does, and that is the
difference.
Mr. BANKS. That is sot tie difference,
and cannot have any effect.
Mr. DAWES. That is one difference.
Mr. BANKS. I know that; but it Is not a
difference. I say again, why should we be
represented at Turkey, a State that is disap-
pearing from the map of Europe, and refase to
■end a representative to Rome, where just at
this time are concentrated the whole religious
eyes of the world? There is taking place in
that city a great revolution of the religious
world like those which' have heretofore taken
place. .
Mr. WOOD. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted, because I do not care to enter into any
debate on this question. Now, I submit that
it is scarcely possible for us to avoid being
affected by the great religious revolution now
taking place in Rome. It must in the nature
of things originate there and be conducted in
that city; and I think, therefore, in view of
this impending crisis in the religious world,
the United States should at least have a rep-
resentative there, in order that we may ascer-
tain and have accurate reports of those great
events which are and will be transpiring so
long ad this council lasts. We see evidences
of this controversy everywhere, which must
affect us as it does all other nations. We are
entitled to the best information we can get on
the subject. Whatever action we may have to
take-hereafter under the circumstances which
may arise I-shall be ready to take my share
of the responsibility with the other members
of this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. C0X« Mr. Chairman, I suppose tech-
nically I ahoulclantagonize the gentleman from
Massachusetts en this motion, and in order
that I may submit some remarks I do so on
the ground that the amount proposed for the
mission to Rome is not sufficient. It has been
seriously debated, Mr. Chairman, in the Eng-
lish Parliament by eminent gentlemen whether
.it would not be best in this age of steam and
telegraph to wipe out the whole diplomatic
system. It has given rise in the English Par-
liament to protraoted discussion, and the same
fuestion has been mooted very seriously in the
reneh Assembly. The general belipf of many
of the leading men to* day in Europe, as well
as in Great Britain, is that it would, be wiser
to delegate matters requiring diplomacy to
special embassies appointed and sent out from
time to time, thus saving expense, saving trou-
ble, and preventing complications.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] is in favor of sending a minister to
Rome. Very well, so am I, if embassies are
to be sent to any portion of the world. Why,
air, this bill reported by the gentleman from
York, [Mr.'Kelsey] includes an em-
bassador ta Greece; and the whole of civil*
iaed Europe is to-day abusing that most con-
temptible of all little, petty, microscopic mom
archies, because its authorities cannot pro-
tect the ordinary traveler from the brigandage
of that classic land. And the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. KEtsKT,] who doubtless voted
for the Utah bill of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, puts in this bill an embassador to Turkey,
a heathen, Mohammedan, polygamous nation.
Gentlemen are willing to send our nation to
Turkey to make its salaam before the sultan,
and yet they will not send- a minister to Rome,
the mother of Christianity and the mother also
of art, science, and literatnre--the represent-
ative of all that ■ is noble in the past and of
alt that is great in the ideas we have to-day
growing Out of the Christianity which we re-
vere.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question 7
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
how ha makes it out that Rome is the mother
of Christianity? I had thought that it was
Naaaretb.
Mr. COX. I did expect some good out of
Nazareth and have got some little ont of Mas-
sachusetts. I will say to th9 gentleman that
everybody knows that bnt for the organization
-made'bt Rome after the apostles went thither,
if we are to believe what we find-in the fathers,
there would have been no-power in the pro-
moters ofth# nets system to go oat among the
nations and bring them within the great frater-
nity of civilisation. N aaareth was but the little
mustard seed ; the tree grew up in Rome. I do
not speak of this modern Protestantism which
came afterward in *,he fifteenth century. I do
not speak of this atheism which comes out of
Massachusetts. I speak of the old Christian
system which existed before Protestantism,
before transcendentalism, before free-lovism
ever came from the State of Massachusetts.
The gentleman now will understand what I
mean. The gentleman has sought to make a
little diversion, and has diverted me at the
same time.
I want to make this'point here to the House:
that if they can vote ministers to go to Greece
and to go to Turkey they certainly might vote
a minister to hold our flag over the religionists,
the artists, the travelers, and the various classes
of tho American poople who seek that ancient
seat of learning, arts, and religion.
But there is something more in this matter
which might be discussed here, if I had time
to discuss it in the five minutes allowed me.
What have our ministers done in Great Britain,
or in France, or in Spain ? So far as we can
estimate their value by their works we might
as well do away with all our ministers to the
great Powers of Europe. Have we obtained
Cuba through General Sickles's manipulation
of the proud Spanish hidalgo? Have we got any
settlement of our Alabama claims by having
that accomplished scholar, Mr. Motley, in Lon-
don? Have we obtained even the postal facili-
ties we wanted with France, with the aid of the
distinguished minister now in Paris ? I believe
we had to send a special commissioner there,
the Senator from Minnesota, the chairman of
the Senate Committee on Postal Affairs, to
attend to this little postal chore for us. I say
that our ministers abroad are expensive and
utterly useless for any purpose of national
utility. The House will make a great reform
in the right direction if it will wipe out this
whole appropriation of $142,500 in gold. And
■whenever it is necessary, we can send our
special embassadors abroad for purposes of
diplomacy or of national aggrandizement.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I do not propose to answer the gentleman from
New York who has just taken his seat, because
I do not know exactly on which side he spoke.
Part of the time he was speaking on one side
and part of the time on the other. I am op-
posed to this'amendment because I do not
consider that any of the reasons for which min-
isters are appointed demand the appointment
of a minister to Rome. When we accredit,
ministers tb Turkey, Greece, and other such
nations, we accredit ministers to nations with
whom we have commeroial intercourse. With
Rome there is no such intercourse whatever.
Rome sends no minister here. It is a Power
which is unique and sui generis, and has nothing
to do with the commercial world at all; It is
to a great extent a religious Power, to which we
never accredit a minister for any reason what-
ever; and the chief ground uport which my
colleague urges the appointment is tbfe facttha/t
this is a spiritual Power. The only method of
preserving peace and harmony with such a
Power is to abstain from all political connec-
tion with it whatever. Neither the State De-
partment nor any other branoh of";th  Govern-
ment suggests the idea of commencing anew
diplomatic relations With this Government.
We abolished the mission sonde years ago
beeause it wad found entirety useless, and
wholly upon our side, withotit reciprocation
on their part. I do not see the slightest rea-
son whatever why we should add this amount
to the current expenses of the Government.
Rome is a plaoe to be visited by men who love
art and Science, and men of taete and colture;
it is a place of resort for traveler*. But there
is no necessity for a minister «r ft consul at a
plaoe Where the pleasure travel of the world
f. "Mr. WOOD. Let me ask the gentleman
