187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
not even so far as to refer it to a cotomittee
for inquiry.
Mr. STOKES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes. J
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, on a former
occasion I took the liberty to differ respectfully i
from the Speaker upon the point whether a
member can disconnect himself from this body
irrespective of the consent of the House. I
thought it then a very important question; and
if this resolution had the scope only of instruct-
ing the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
into the question with the view of bringing out
some expression of the House upon the point
I would be very glad to see the proposition
adopted. While I have very great respect for
the Speaker of this House, and differ from his
decision with much regret, yet since the ques-
tion was up I have become more and more
impressed with the 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
decision to which he refers was the decision
of the House; it became so by the action of
the House in laying on the table an appeal
from the decision of the Speaker.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
refer to it as the decision of the House, not
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of what the Chair
has just stated; but I would desire that the
House should reflect upon this question and
see whether it does not by its decision throw
away all its power over a member. Ifthe House
eannot hold a member long enough to punish
him for any misdemeanor of which he may
have been guilty, what good is accomplished
by the constitutional provision clothing thiB
House with the power of punishment?
I understand very well the effect of an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I would not
myself on such an appeal vote to overrate the
deeision of the Chair, whatever might be my
opinion, because no good could arise from
reversing the ruling of the Chair under such
circumstances. When the question arose a
few days ago I was of the opinion that it would
be better for the Honse to acquiesce, to accept
the resignation of that member or any other
member under such circumstances, constitut-
ing in fact a confession.
But, Mr. Speaker, there may be times—they
have not arisen yet—when the whole existence
of the House of Representatives will depend
upon the assertion of this right on the part of
the House to control the resignation of its
members. Precedent to the contrary may have
grown np sub silentio; but still the question
does seem to me important enough to attract
in some shape the attention of the Judiciary
Committee.
The case now before us seems to me to be per-
fectly clear. We have treated this man, the whole
of the House has treated him as having resigned.
From the time he sent to the Clerk's desk the
paper which has been read during this debate
the House has dropped his name from its rolls.
If he still remain a member it was the duty of
the Speaker to direct the Clerk to call his name
with all the rest during every roll-call. But the
Speaker has caused the roll to be called without
his name. All this has been done in the pres-
enceof the House and with its acquiescence. It
seems to me altogether too late for any one to
question the fact (which accords with the theory
1 entertain) that the House has by acquiescence
accepted the resignation of Mr. Golladay, and
has treated him as having ceased to be a mem-
ber. That resignation having been sent in and
having been accepted, it is too late to retract it,
whatever may be the regret of any gentleman
that Mr. Golladay has taken that course.
As to the other question, it seems to me that
now, when there is no danger, is the time for the
Honse to settle it. Bat if the House does not
think it advisable to take the question into
consideration, there is, of course, no occasion
for me to try to impress my view upon the
House. ■ I would vote for this resolution if it
had that scope, and that only, and I should be
glad to have an investigation of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STOKES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
as one of the Representatives of Kentucky, and
representing I hope in part her integrity and
her honor, 1 feel it incumbent upon me to say
a few words on this subject. I think the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] is rather premature; for if we are to
follow the example set in the case of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, Mr. Whittemore,
I presume the Military Committee will con-
tinue the case of Mr. Golladay, and if he is
found guilty will bring in a resolution of cen-
sure to this House, although his resignation
has been received. Now, this is the first time,
I believe, in the history of the State of Ken-
tucky, when her honor has been charged to be
tarnished in one of her Representatives; and
I trust the gentleman who has tendered his
resignation is free from all charge whatever;
I trust he will vindicate his honor, and vindi-
cate also the honor of the State he has in part
represented; but, sir, if he is guilty I profess
to be the first man in this House to say that
the extreme punishment of the House shall be
inflicted upon him. I differ very materially
from the opinions expressed by prominent
gentlemen of this House, whose experience J
admit should give them more weight, and
especially from their acknowledged ability;
but I do not believe this House should receive
the resignation of any gentleman who is under
charge for violating the rules of the House,
and at the bar to be censured for his offense.
I believe the House committed an error when
it received the resignation of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
What, sir, is the constitutional right of this
House? It is to be the judge of the "elec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of its own
members, determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly beha-
vior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member." If the precedent estab-
lished in this case shall be acknowledgedas the
law and binding upon this House, I ask gen-
tlemen, can you ever enforce Unconstitutional
provision which authorizes this:House to expel
a member? C^n a member when he is at the
bar of the House to receive censure for viola-
tion of one of its rules exempt himself by
tendering his resignation; and likewise can he
exempt himself by tendering his resignation
when he is under a charge and is about to be
expelled or pending a motion to expel him ?
I think not.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to what authority a Representative of the
people resigns his trust ? Is there any provis-
ion in the Constitution which requires him to
resign it to this House? Does it not follow
more as a matter of inference that he should
resign to the power which gave him his trust,
or to the representative of the people who con-
fided to him that trust, the Governor of that
State ? .
The Constitution provides that vacancies
shall be filled by writs of election issued by
the Governor, and I think the fair inference
is that the resignation of a Representative
shall be tendered to the' Governor and only
accepted by the Governor; and in that view
I deny the power of the House to accept the
resignation of a member from any State until
it has been accepted by the Executive of that
State, and notice of the same given to this
House. The Governor of Kentucky did just
what he as a man of honor, a man of recti-
tude, a man who bears on his shoulders
the honor and reputation of his State, ought
to have done. I know that Governor inti-
mately, and I would defend his honor as my
own. He would be the last man to infringe
the Constitution or any law of this Govern-
ment. Why did he not accept the resignation
of Mr. Golladay? Because Mr. Golladay as
one of the Representatives of that- proud Com-
monwealth had been charged with an offense
of which if he were proved guilty he ought
to be expelled, and never could be, and I hope
never would be, returned from Kentucky to
this House. It was the duty of the Governor
to do just as he has done, and as a Represent-
ative of Kentucky, I would protest against Mr.
Golladay's resignation until after the most
thorough investigation and report of the com-
mittee as to the charges against him.
Mr. STOKES. I cannot yield further to the
gentleman. I now yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I think we are losing
sight of the important question presented for
our consideration. The precedents of this
House have justified the conduct of the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky. We have in effect said to
him that he had a duty to perform in the prem-
ises ; that it was for him to say whether a Rep-
resentative from that State should remain in
this House or should go out. I do not think
the fault rests with the Representative, Mr.
Golladay, nor with the Governor; but I think
it rests with this House, and I think it is time
that we took a position on this question which
shall be a safer precedent than any we have
acted on. In the case of Mr. Whittemore the
House did accept his resignation. If I recol-
lect aright there was no vote taken in Mr. Gol-
laday's case. But there was afotein Mr. Whit-
tcmore's case, because the Speaker gave hip
decision on the question, and, on an appeal
being taken the House sastained the Speaker' 8
decision.
The 8FEAKER. The Chair will correct the
gentleman. There was no vote taken accept-
ing the resignation of Mr. Whittemore. The
House simply sastairied tbe decision of the
Chair that Mr. Whittemore had eeased to be a
member.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That was practically a
vote of this House accepting Mr. Whittemore's
resignation. It was not so in form, but that
is not of much consequence. And in order
that my position may be understood, and that
I may, not be regarded hereafter as having
contented by ray silence to the course now
proposed, I wish to state what I regard my
position to be as a Representative here from
the State of New York. I am elected here by
toy district. I owe no allegiance whatever to
the Governor of my State in the premises. He'
has no more to do with my election here than
the Governor of any other State has. He has
certain clerical duties to perform with regard
to my certificate of election. He transmits
certain evidence here that I am elected in my
district. He obtains that evidence from the
canvassers of the State and he sends it here,
and then his power in the premises ceases and
I become amenable to this body when I am
accepted here as a member and sworn in, and
to no other power on 'earth. When I wish to
be absent from this body I ask this body
through its Presiding Officer to excuse me. 1
do net send to the Governor of ray State and
ask him if it his pleasure that I be absent from
this body. When I wish to dissolve my con-
nection with this body I must ask leave of
this body and not of the Governor of the State.
He does not elect me. He does not commis-
sion me. He does not instruct me as to my
duties here. He has no more to do with me
than the Governor of the Dominion of Canada
has.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
says that the Executive of his State does not
commission him. I would ask the gentleman
what power in his State does commission him ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The people of my dis«
trict commission me.
