1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2685
agree, in reference to the productions of Rus-
sia, to admit them into this country at the
same rates of duty imposed upon like articles
from other countries; or, as the French text
of the treaty has it, Us memes, '' the same arti-
cles." That raises the question whether
"Manila," upon which it is proposed to levy
a duty of $25 per ton, is "the same article"
as what has been called Russia hemp, upon
which it is proposed to levy a duty of $40
per ton.
The whole difficulty, which is of modern
origin, arises from the loose use of language.
The hemp of Russia, like the hemp of Amer-
ica, Italy, and Switzerland, is a plant known
in botany as entirely distinct from that which
produces the Manila. Without affecting to
be learned upon this matter, but having been
compelled to look into it, I will say that hemp
is what botanists term cannabis saliva, in one
sense a sort of large flax; in some particulars
it resembles flax more than it does Manila.
The Manila is a product of the plantain or
banana tree, a sort of monstrous grass, such as
may be seen by any gentleman who will look
at a banana tree in the Botanical Garden.
Formerly when that first began to be used in
commerce it was called "plantain bark;" after-
ward it was called " Manila grass." But be-
cause it was used in the manufacture of cord-
age for many purposes for which hemp is used,
it finally obtained the name of hemp. Then in
ourtarifflaws we ceased to specify hemp alone;
and a few years ago when we were revising the
tariff, because hemp from abroad generally
comes to this country from Russia, the word
"Russian" was inserted and our tariff law
spoke of '' Russian hemp." But calling hemp
"Russian hemp" made it no more peculiar to
Russia than it was before. It is hemp and
hemp only, whether grown in Kentucky, Mis-
souri, Italy, or Russia. So as to this Manila
grass, a botanical product of an entirely differ-
ent kind, although used for many purposes for
which hemp is used. Calling it hemp no more
makes it hemp than calling a preserve of ap-
ples, apple-butter makes it butter. Every gen-
tleman from a country district will understand
my point. Apple-butter is a substitute for
butter; it is spread upon bread and eaten in
like manner. But suppose we had a treaty
with Russia or any other country under which
butter made from milk of cows, goats, or other
animals was imported, it would not be claimed
that apple-butter, which might be admitted at
a lower rate of duty from some other country,
was necessarily alike article. Yet that might
be claimed with as much propriety as to claim
that Manila grass is equivalent to hemp. In
the latter case both articles are made into cord-
age, as in the other case both articles are spread
upon bread.
The truth is, this is a question which has
been raised by some New York merchants who
have brought suits against the Government to
recover duties which it is claimed have been
improperly paid because they are said to be
m violation of treaty obligations. Those men
are waiting the action of Congress, hoping that
it will go a little further than it has gone here-
tofore and make some provision for refund-
ing those duties as a consequence of deciding
that Russian hemp, or hemp, is the sameas what
is called Manila hemp.
If gentlemen are so anxious to make their
peace with Russia it can easily be done, if the
House be persuaded that these two articles are
the same, by raising the duty upon Manila
hemp to a level with that upon Russian hemp,
and fixing both at $40. I hope gentlemen
from the interior of the country will consider
this. Whatis our condition in the West? Here-
tofore it has been thought by eastern manufac-
turers sufficient if we had a percentage of 4J
and 4f by way of protection upon our flax.
The Committee of Ways and Means have given
their attention to that point, and I am glad to
observe that the House has made no objection
to the recommendation of the committee on
that subject. We have increased the duty
upon unhackled flax from $15 to $20 a ton,
and upon hackled flax we make the duty $40
per ton. With regard to hemp the protection
is only 22 per cent. I desire to know whether
gentlemen think this is enough for a western
product in view of what is claimed for our
home manufactures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. In order that this discussion
may be continued I temporarily withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. BURDETT. I renew the amend-
ment. I do not see any force in the argument
that Manila and Russian hemp are the same.
If there is such a thing as a botanical differ-
ence among plants, shrubs, &c., such differ-
ences are clear and unmistakable as regards
these two articles. The most that can be said
is that they are to a certain extent used for
the same purposes. But I submit that from
this it does not follow that they are the same
in the sense of the treaty referred to in this
discussion. We use both meal and cabbage
as food ; but I submit that nevertheless meal
is not cabbage and cabbage is not meal.
Now, sir, this matter is of much interest to
us of the West. I am free to say that I am now
speaking as a Representative of the State of
Missouri, where we produce large quantities
of this article, and I propose to say for the
farmers of Missouri we have discovered it does
not pay us from year to year to depend ou the
product of wheat alone ; that if Congress will
continue to us the protection we now have on
hemp we will increase largely the area of its
cultivation, and in so doing we will be able to
do a genuine service to the people of the whole
country who are interested in the uses of hemp.
Mr. Chairman, it is clearly apparent from the
late reports on the subject of bagging that the
hemp bagging produced in Missouri and man-
ufactured at St. Louis, as well as in Boston and
New York, is so superior to the article used as
manufactured from the India substance or jute
bagging that it is almost driving that article
out of the market.
And I wish in connection with this subject
to say one word further. It appears from the
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for
the year 1868 that the farmers of this country
destroyed in that year nearly 60,000,000 tons
of flax staple. They simply burned it as fuel.
I make the remark for this purpose. We arc
now beginning in the West to use in connec-
tion with hemp the coarser substances of flax,
and in this way we are making a market not
only for hemp as grown in Missouri, hut for
the flax and flax tow, not only produced in Mis-
souri, but in Ohio and Indiana, and largely in
other States; so that by continuing this protec-
tion we shall accomplish the double purpose of
protecting, as we ought to do, the hemp pro-
duct of Missouri as well as make a market for
the flax production of other States as well as
for Missouri.
Mr. Chairman, heretofore the cost of hemp
has been more largely in the labor on it than
that of any other agricultural product; and for
that reason, for perhaps two years past, there
has been less hemp raised than there should
have been in the States whore it is produced;
but recently machinery has been invented by
which the labor in the production of hemp has
been much facilitated, and thus at the present
time we are prepared at once to sow our broad
fields with hemp, making for our farmers a
profitable crop, making for our manufacturers
a staple cheap enough to be used, and proper
for the mercantile uses of the country, and by
this means drive out the rotten bagging of
India produced by labor costing no more than
10 cents a day.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BURDETT. I wish to add that m my
judgment the committee ought to have given
us $50 a ton.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the tariff on Russia hemp propose'd
in the bill and in favor of the amendment, and
for three reasons. In the first place a tariff of
$40 a ton on hemp is not what is generally
known as a - tariff for protection. It is not a
tariff for revenue ; but a tariff of prohibition.
It is a fact which is undisputed on this floor that
the importation of hemp has fallen off from
1,800 to 100 tons, and that in consequence of
this tariff of $40 a ton.
I am opposed to the tariff fixed by the bill
for_another reason. We need hemp, the best
which can be obtained, at the cheapest rate for
the sake of our prostrate shipping interest.
The true way of restoring our sway upon the
ocean, of building up our shipping interest and
extending our commerce, is by placing a low
tariffon allarticles entering into ship-building.
The third reason is that the bill as it now
stands is in flagrant violation of our treaty stip-
ulations with the empire of Russia. Much has
been said by the learned chairman of the Com-
mittee of WaysandMeansand other gentlemen
relative to the construction of that treaty and as
to the meaning of the terms there employed.
The gentleman tells us that in the copy or
draft of the treaty retained by Russia the word
mimes is used, and that mimes means "the
same." So it does. And what does "the
same" mean? Why, sir, if the gentleman will
turn to Webster's Dictionary, unabridged, he
will find in the second class of definitions given
to the word "same," the words "similar,"
"corresponding"—and what else? "Like."
Therefore, the two copies of the treaty using
the words memes, or "same" and "like."
Webster's Dictionary says that" like " and the
"same" signify the same thing; in other words,
"like " is a definition for" same." Now, what
is the definition of "like" by Webster? It is
"same," " similar," "corresponding." Thus
we find that the definitions of "the like" and
"same" are nearly identical.
In regard to this treaty I would say also that
a version of it is not a copy. When a treaty
is formed between two high contracting Powers
the treaty is drawn in duplicate. Both of them
are original, neither of them a copy. I under-
take further to say that this treaty was origin-
ally drawn at Washington. Ours was the com-
mercial nation. We were seeking to extend our
commerce; and I have no doubt that the dupli-
cate prepared for Russia will be found to have
been taken from the original, prepared in Eng-
lish in the city of Washington.
Now, sir, I wish to correct a statement made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] in his letter to the Secretary of State.
He says:
'The article claimed to be Manila hemp, and which
is now known by that name in commerce, was until
within a few years known as 'platnain bark' and
as 'Manila Brass.'"
I beg the gentleman's pardon, but if he will
turn to the statute of 1842, passed twenty-eight
years ago, he will find that Manila hemp is
there called Manila hemp, and has been so
known in commerce. It is so called also in the
statute of 1861 as well as in the statute of 1862.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment to the amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BURDETT. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the word "five"
after the word " twenty." In the first place,
Mr. Chairman, I desire to congratulate my
able and eloquent friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] on the good tariff speech he has made.
He is with me for a judicious tariff to raise a
revenue and affording incidental protection,
so that the industries of the various States may
be protected. I agree with him entirely upon
that; and I should hope, if this cannotbe done
in any other way, that the duty on Manila will
be raised to $40 per ton, the same as on hemp,
in order that the duties on the two may be
equal. My reason for it is this: I understand
