1870.
THE OOJSTGRSSSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
5517
the report of the Smithsonian Institution "for
the year 1809.
The message farther announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the resolution of the House of
Representatives to print extra copies of the
report of the special Committee on the Postal
Telegraph.
INTERNAL TAXATION—TARIFF.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
tax and tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, after a very
few remarks generally upon the bill, I propose,
as perhaps the best mode of giving the re-
quired explanation to members, to reply to
such questions in relation to any particular
items contained as may be put to me, stipulat-
ing only, as I said before, that when I come
to be thus catechised I shall expect gentlemen
to be satisfied with asking me questions one at
a time.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, as presented now
upon the report of the committee of confer-
ence, is in its last stage for success or defeat,
so far as the two Houses of Congress are con-
cerned ; and if the action of the House should
be favorable, there remains nothing but the
approval of the President to make it law. The
House presented this bill to the Senate. The
Senate returned it with amendments. The
House concurred in those amendments in part,
and non-concurred, so as to keep questions
open between the House and Senate, in part.
This led to a committee of conference between
the two Houses upon the disagreeing Votes.
The Senate have agreed to the report of the
committee of conference, and it rests now only
with the House to determine whether in this
last act it will concur with the Senate.
te bill, as every one must know, is not just
any one of us, perhaps, would desire.
Speaking for myself, 1 frankly admit that there
are a number of particular things in this bill
■which do not command my entire assent. Some
things have been stricken from the bill of the
House which I think ought to have been re-
tained. Some of the amendments made by
the Senate are such as I would not, upon their
separate and several merits, have voted for.
And that must be the case perhaps with almost
all of us, if not with every member present.
But all these little differences, of whether
the tax should in some instances have been
retained, whether in other instances it should
have been reduced, whether an import duty is
too high or too low, are sunk in the general
character and value of the bill itself as a lead-
ing measure of this House. It is a bill to
reduce the internal taxes of the country, and
to change, and in most instances to reduce,
and that very largely, the import duties of the
country. I explained to the House on a former
occasion when the bill was before us the amount
of those reductions.
Calculated upon the basis of the receipts of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1869,
•which was at that time the only complete report
we had before us, I made out by a close analy-
sis of the bill, and as accurate a calculation as
I could furnish to the House, a reduction of
the internal taxes to theamount of $45,000,000,
and of import duties to the amount of $20,000,-
000, making in the aggregate $65,000,000.
After the bill had passed the House, however,
and before any action upon it or change made
by the Senate, the complete returns of inter-
nal revenue and of imports were obtained for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1870, and
the increase has been such that trying the bill
by that standard it was found that the reduc-
tion of internal taxes as compared with those
for last year was $50,000,000, and of import
duties $27,000,000, making a reduction of
$77,000,000 in the aggregate. _ By the striking
off of some other taxes, including an additional
deduction from the income tax, the tax on
passports, and various other matters, I do not
hesitate to say that the reduction by this bill,
compared with the receipts of last year, will be
to the people of this country an alleviation of
the burdens of taxation from these two quar-
ters, the internal taxes and import duties, of
over eighty million dollars.
• Now, we can accommodate a great many
differences of opinion with regard to hair-pin^,
eyelets, Bessemer steel, and even differences
of opinion with regard to how much of the
income tax shall be retained and how much
dispensed with for the sake of this good result,
a reduction of the burdens of the people aris-
ing from what has been heretofore necessary
taxation upon them to the extent, in the aggre-
gate, of $80,000,000. I care n.ot, for the pur-
poses of this argument, whether it be five or
ten millions more or less than that sum. It is
a very large reduction, certainly not less than
$75,000,000, and I think it will be found to
run to about eighty million dollars. Upon
that single statement alone I submit to this
House, and to gentlemen on both side^bf the
House, whether, having brought our work thus
near to its completion, we can afford to let it
in any respect whatever fail in the last hours
of the session without taking this great good
which it contains, although it may be objec-
tionable in some particular items or details to
particular members of the House.
The first amendment made by the Senate to
the bill is one which I very much regret to have
had made at all. It strikes out some seventy-
five pages, more than one half of the bill as
presented by the printed matter, and it em-
braced a great many things which, if not to be
altogether retained, we thought ought to be
made the subject of conference. The House,
however, concurred with the Senate, Contrary
to the advice of the Committee of Ways and
Means, having once non-concurred, and then
on a motion of reconsideration concurred in
it, and that of course removed all that part of
the bill from the purview of the committee of
conference. But I cannot leave the reference
I am making to that portion of the bill without
explaining to the House what has been the
consequence of that action, so that the House
and the country may better understand what
the bill in its entirety with this exclusion of
a portion of it from consideration and adoption
has become. The Senate, not satisfied with our
very large reduction of taxes, taking off nearly
all the special taxes, taking off the taxation
on gross receipts, and taking off a large pro-
portion of the income tax, and taking off all
the tax on sales, and so on, which had been
adopted by the House, went further, and took
off certain special taxes, which, it must be
understood, therefore, are not now any longer
a part of the resources of the country, which
the Committee of Ways and Me;tns, and which
the House, when it adopted the work of the
Committee of Way a and Means, had signified a
desire to retain. Among tho?e are the special ;
taxes on bankers and brokers and their sales.
Hereafter all Wall street operations are to be
entirely free from any burden whatever; and
a source of revenue, from which millions have
been obtained, and millions mightyet continue
to be obtained, without interfering with any
of the fair, legitimate industries of the coun-
try, is swept away from us.
We had also proposed to retain taxes upon
theaters, upon lotteries, upon foreign commer-
cial brokers, and upon a number of other
things. But we were not even permitted to
take into consideration in the conference com-
mittee the propriety of retaining them, because
of the concurrence of the House and the Sen-
ate upon the subject.
I shall always believe that the House acted
somewhat unadvisedly upon that matter. Per-
haps it was in part my fault in calling the pre-
vious question, and thus putting myself in a
position where I could only have some four or
five minutes of explanation to give the House.
I think it was still more the fault or mistake
of gentlemen who led the House in a direction
which benefited those I am certain they did
not seek to benefit, for it is within my knowl-
edge, though I am sure those gentlemen were
not aware of it, that the theater men and' the
brokers, and particularly the free lottery men,
were very busy about the House and in the
lobbies that morning.
I must be permitted to say, however, that
I do not think the Committee of Ways and
Means, or myself, as the chairman of that
committee, and afterward as a member of the
committee of conference, were quite fairly
treated in that discussion. It was said that
a reason for agreeing, without further dis-
cussion or consideration, with the Senate in
striking out more than one half of the entire
House bill was that perhaps the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, if upon a
committee of conference, would be so obstinate
that possibly the bill reducing the taxes would
fail altogether. Well, I do not know what my
personal character in that respect may be. My
convictions are usually very strong. I arrive
at them ordinarily, I think, by some attempt
to understand the subject to which those con-
victions relate; and when I thus reach them I
am apt to be very earnest in my expression of
them and in my adherence to them.
But I do not think the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] could convict me be-
fore this House, however successful he might
be in reference to somebody else, of being a
pig-headed obstructionist, or a standing ob-
jector against anything which might be pre-
sented here for consideration. I do not believe
it was fair to have thrown aside the work, the
laborious, careful, painstaking work of months,
upon such a pretext as that. However, that
is going into a matter rather superfluous.
There is another portion of the bill to which
it may be well for me to refer, because the
House may have to correct its error in that
particular, as the Treasury Department now
appeals to them to do. The Committee of
Ways and Means discovered that there is in
the law, as it at present exists, no security, no
system, no policy of checks and responsibility,
nor has there ever been since we commenced
this internal revenue system, so far as stamps
are concerned. We found to our surprise that
though there are about one hundred and thirty
million dollars of these stamps issued by the
Government annually, in their character as
valuable as money, engraved and got up with
the same care as money, yet there is no pro-
vision of law, only some regulations of the
Department, in reference to charging officers
and holding them responsible for them.
The law presented this anomalous condition
of things: that while the Treasurer of the
United Stutes, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and various other officers were
charged with the safe-keeping, issue, and use
of these millions upon millions of engraved
stamps, there was no liability upon any offi-
cial bond, and no punishment provided in ease
of embezzlement, finding this condition of
things, we consulted, and had before us at the
Treasury Departraentfor this purpose, the First
Comptroller, the proper auditor, the Secretary
of the Treasury at that time, Mr. McCulloch,
and the then Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and prepared these sections which were
thus, I .was going to say almost ruthlessly
stricken out. I refer to this subject now for the
purpose of saying that since the vote on this
question was taken and the matter so far closed
that we could not open it in any way in the com-
mittee of conference, the Treasury Department
has asked us to obviate the existing difficulty by
passing a little supplemental bill that shall at
least provide for some responsibility, some pun-
ishment, some liability upon bonds, even though
it be not in a number of carefully digested sec-
tions such as we had prepared, but in one sec-
tion. The Committee of Ways and Means will
probably report a bill to that effect.
We come, then, to what was left of the bill,
consisting almostaltogetherof details. Itcom-
prises the reduction of internal taxes, some
