430
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
that the Committee of the Whole on thestate of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly the an-
nual message of the President of the United States,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
"Mr. Scofield. I move that when the House
again resolves itself into the Commi tteo of the Whole
on the state of the Union it shall be with the under-
standing that there shall be no business done, and
that the session shall be for debate alone.
" Mr. Farnswobth. I object.
"Mr. Cake. I ask unanimous consent to take a
bill from the Speaker's table for reference.
" Objection was mado.
" Mr. Scofield. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
" The motion was disagreed to.
" Mr. Scofield. I renew the motion that1 there
shall be no further business transacted this evening.
" The Speaker. That requires unanimous consent,
and the gentleman from Illinois objects.
" Mr. Scofield. If wo have unanimous consent,
excepting the gentleman from Illinois, I am sure
that we shall have no business this evening; and I
modify my motion in that way.
" The Speaker. That cannot be done.
" Mr. Farnsworth, I insist that my friend from
Pennsylvania shall remain during the sessions oftho
House.
"Mr. Scofield. I am going to stay to take care
of my friend from Illinois.
" Mr. IVknsworth moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
"The motion was agreed to.
" Tho Houso accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of tho President's annual message."
"Mr. Mr no en took the floor."
Mr. MUNGEN. Every gentleman on this
floor knows that it was the general understand-
ing that no further business was to be done.
It is also well understood that my colleague
endeavored, in my opinion very unjustly, to
make a party measure of what! distinctly stated
were my own views and not uttered in the in-
terest of any party. Some friends were here
from my district, and after the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Pitch] obtained the floor I left
with them, expecting to read the remarks of
that gentleman on the Cuban question in the
Globe. Many other gentlemen left, thinking
there would be no further business transacted
that day. Out of two hundred and forty-three
members but one hundred and twenty-four were
present. I was not here to vote against the
resolution gotten up to quiet the nerves and
calm the apprehensions of the bankers and
bondholders. It was passed in the manner
stated. It was made apparently a party meas-
ure against the facts, and however much gen-
tlemen may chuckle over the clever trick, as we
might call it, they may rest assured that my
speech against paying the bonded debt more
than once meets a cordial response in the breast
of every laboring man who has read it. I do
not beg the question. I am totally indifferent
to the praise or censure of the bankers, bond-
holders, and capitalists. I rely upon the sup-
port of the hardy sons of toil for their appro-
bation ; and ten thousand soothing-sirup reso-
lutions, no matter by whom offered, cannot
avert the destruction which ere long will over-
take the infamous, stupendous, villainous, and
unholy financial system which now so com-
pletely fetters the energies of the American
people and robs them of the rewards of their
labor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league yield to me for a remark or two on the
personal explanations just addressed to the
House ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Two things only
I desire to say in regard to the speech of my
distinguished colleague, [Mr. Mungen.] The
first has reference to his statement that the
resolution offered by me was offered when it
was understood that the House would do no
business. My answer to that is the very paper
which thegentleman has read, which shows that
after repeated attempts to make that arrange-
ment the watchful member from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] prevented the House from mak-
ing that arrangement, and it was not made.
The second point is this: the gentleman says
I introduced a resolution which he elegantly
calls the soothing-sirup resolution^ with the
view of making party capital out of _ it. I • ask
the Clerk to read the resolution which _ I did
offer, that it may be seen how unpartisan a
matter it was.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Resolved, That tho proposition, director indirect,
to repudiate any portion of the debt of the United
States is unworthy the honor and good name of the
nation, and that this House, without distinction .of
party, hereby sets its seal of condemnation upon any
and all such propositions."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. "That this
House, without distinction of party!" And the
only party in the case, as exhibited in the vote,
was the whole House on one side and the sol-
itary vote of one member from Kentucky, [Mr.
Jones,] who was not supported by the vote of
my colleague, [Mr. Mungen.] It was_ pre-
cisely for the reason that I did not wish to
make a party matter of the occurrence that I
did not send to the Clerk's desk to be read
on that occasion a paper which I will now send
to be read, showing that my colleague did
not stand alone in his desire to repudiate .the
debt of the nation, but that he was in fact rep-
resenting a considerable portion of the Demo-
cratic population of his' district. I preferred
then to do for the good of the country what
both parties on this floor could do rather than
to make a party issue, as this paper would have
done. I now ask that it be read. It is a res-
olution passed by a Democratic convention
during the fall campaign of I860.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Resolved by the Democracy of Mercer county in
convention assembled. That wo are in favor of the re-
pudiation of the bonded debt oftho United States.
"Resolved, That our member of Congress be re-
quested to vote against appropriations providingfor
the payment of the salaries of tho assessors and col-
lectors of internal revenue, or the interest on the
bonded debt."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The county of
Mercer, in the State of Ohio, is in the congres-
sional district of my colleague, and at the mo-
ment when he was being assailed by his polit-
ical friends upon this floor, I might then have
come to his rescue by showing that he was
really the representative of his constituents
in this very question of repudiation. But I
was willing for the sake of the public credit to
unite both parties in this House, to brand re-
pudiation with the dishonor it deserves. But
now that the gentleman assails, I give him and
his party the benefit of the attack.
Mr. LAWRENCE resumed the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. ' For how long?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not over a minute or
two.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will yield the gentle-
man two minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Would not this be a good
time to let Virginia in? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. All this comes out of the
time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not desire when
this subject was before the House the other
day, on the occasion of the speech of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mtjnceit,] to make
any remarks upon it on my own account. I
was fearful that my vote upon the resolution
might be construed as a censure of that gentle-
man. I believe in the freedom of parliament-
ary debate, and that the gentleman had aright
to make the speech he did. As I said then, I
am not and never expect to be a repudiator.
I always endeavor to pay my own debts just
as I agree to pay them; and so far as my vote
is concerned I expect I shall vote for the Uni-
ted States Government to pay its debts precisely
as it agrees to pay them; and if I was mis-
understood then, I do not want to be misunder-
stood now. Nor do I, sir, consider it repudi-
ation to pay the debts of this Government
precisely in accordance with the law and the
contract creating them. I consider it repudi-
ation for this Government to pay or to under-
take to pay them in any other manner than as
they have by law agreed to pay them. I be-
lieve that the five-twenty bonds are by the law
and their terms payable in the lawful money
of the country ; and £ believe that any officer
of the Government who goes into thfe market
and appreciates the'five-twenties at the expense
of arid by the depreciation of the greenbacks,
the lawful money as it is called of the country,
is committing, if not an impeachable offense,
an offense, a grave offense against this Gov-
ernment. .
I do not believe that we have any such right.
I do not believe it just to do it. The money
called lawful money is the money of the people,
of the masses. T-he five-twenties are in the
hands of the rich. It is said the five-twenties
were given to secure loans made to save the
Government. Be it so; they were voluntary
loans. The lawful money, the greenbacks as
they are called, was a forced loan." The former
is no better than the latter. And the only
difference is that the one is in the hands of the
rich and the other is held, as far as they hold
any thing, by the poor. And I would like to
know, I would like to be informed upon what
principle of morality, justice, or honesty, the
Secretary of the Treasury pays or buys the
five-twenties at $122 for each $100, and. pays
that sum in the lawful money dollars of the Gov-
ernment, made such and forced upon the peo-
ple as such by the Government itself? Why
should not—why is not the greenback dollar
worth just as much as the five-twenty dollar?
Who has made the difference; who has made
the one worth 122 cents and the other 100 cents.
The law-making power has not done it. There
i3 nothing intrinsic in either that should make
the difference. There is no merits in the hold-
ers that should make the difference, and I for
one am opposed to there being made any dis-
crimination between the dollars made by the
Government itself. The one should be as good
as the other. And to insist upon this I do not
believe is repudiation.
ADMISSION OP VIRGINIA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 783) to admit the State
of Virginia to representation in the Congress
of the United States, upon which Mr. Law-
rence was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I had not
intended to discuss the measure now before
the House until I heard the debate on yester-
day. Since the adjournment last evening I
have had but a very brief space of time to con-
sider this measure.
But I will ask the attention of the House for
a short time to_ some views on the subject of
the reconstruction of the State of Virginia.
The bill now before us (H. R. No. 783) is de-
signed, as its title imports, '' to admit the State
of Virginia to representation in the Congress
of the United States." If it is a measure made
necessary by the condition of that ancient Com-
monwealth, authorized by the Constitution, just
in itself, then it ought to receive our support
and become a law. As a member of the Re-
construction Committee I voted in favor of
reporting the bill, and unless it is or can be
shown to be wrong, or unless a better measure
ispresented which it is practicable to adopt, I
will give it my vote when the question is taken
on its passage. I will do this not because I
suppose it will accomplish all that I could wish,
but because I desire the restoration of Virginia,
and I regard this as the best measure which it
is now possible to secure.
My colleague [Mr. Morgan] insists that Vir-
ginia is and always has been a State of the
Union, entitled to representation in Congress;
and his political friends would admit her to
representation without any terms or conditions,
without " indemnity for the past or security for
the future," giving the late rebels, without pen-
itence or repentance, with Lee and Wise at
their head, conquered but not subdued, com-
plete political control of her fortunes, and the
