T28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laius of the United States.
Indians, who have been collected and located
upon the reservations set apart for their use
and occupation by the treaties made with them
in eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, two hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For this sum, as provided to be expended
under the tenth article of the treaty of Octo-
ber twenty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and under the tiiird article of the treaty
of same date with the Apaches, thirty thousand
dollars.
For purchase of clothing, as provide[d] in
the satne treaties, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, five thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For second payment, as provided in the
same treaties, to be expended in presents to
the ten persons of the said tribes who in the
judgment of the agent may grow the most valu-
able crops for the period named, five hundred
dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
five thousand two hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods, seven thousand
dollars.
Ariclcarecs, Gros Ventres, and Mandans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
.President may from time to time determine,
includmginsuranoe and transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employfis, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical at-
tendance, care for and support of the aged,
- sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, forty thousand dollars.
Assinaboiues.
i'or this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing iu agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical at-
tendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and iniirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their comtort, civilization, and improve-
ment, thirty thousand dollars.
Blaelfeel, Bloods, and l'iegans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President_ may Irom time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing iu agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating
children, procuring tiiediciue and medical at-
tendance, cure for and support of the aged,
sicl\? and iniirm, for the helpless orphans of
earn Indians, and in every other respect to pro-
mote their Civilization, comlort, and improve-
ment, fifty thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molallas, and Clackamas of Wil-
lamette Valley.
I1 or first of five installments of the fourth series
of annuity tor beneficial objects, five thousand
live hundred dollars.
Cueyennes and Arapahoes.
tor thiid of thirty installments provided to be
expended under tenth article, treaty October
twenty tightii, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, twenty thousand [dollars,]
I'or purchase of clothing, as per same article,
iourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
tor pay of physician and teacher, as per
thirteenth article same treaty, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, as per same article, five
thousand two hundred dollars.
For second of three installments to be ex-
pended in "presents to the ten persons of said
tribe who in the judgment of the agent may
grow the most valuable crops for the respect-
ive year, as per fourteenth article same treaty,
five hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods, ten thousand
dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
five thousand two hundred dollars.
Chiclcasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, three thou-
sand dollars.
Bois Fort Band of Clrippewas.
For fifth of twenty installments, for the sup-
port of one blacksmith and assistant, and for
tools, iron and steel, and other articles neces-
sary for the blacksmith shop, as per third arti-
cle treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of one school-teacher, and for necessary
books and stationery, as per third article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, eight hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments i'or the in-
struction of Indians in farming, and purchase
ot seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third arti-
cle of treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments of annuity
in money, to bo paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments of annuity
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments of annuity
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions, per
sixth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Clrippewas of Lake Superior.
For sixteenth of twenty installments in coin,
per fourth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth Sejotember, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, three thousand
dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for
moral and educational purposes, three hun-
dred dollars of which to be paid to the Grand
Portage band yearly, to enable them to main-
tain a school at their village, per fourth article
treaty^thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-tour, three thousand dollars.
h or sixteenth of twenty installments for six
smiths, and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the
support of six smiths' shops, per second and
fifth articles treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for
the seventh smith and assistant, and support
of shops, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred ana
fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of smith and shop, during the
pleasure of the President, as per seventh and
twelfth articles of treaty of April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, six hundred
dollars.
For support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, as per twelfth arti-
cle treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and seventh article of
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, twelve hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions
for Chippewas of Lake Superior, five thousand
dollars.'
For this amount, to be paid in coin, to enable
the Secretary of the Interior to fulfill treaty
stipulations relative to the payment of annu-
ities with the Chippewas of Lake Superior,
the Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan creek, and
Black river, the Ottawas and Chippewas of
Michigan, Indians of the Mackinaw agency,
in the State of Michigan, thirty-six thousand
seven hundred and fifty-three dollars and forty-
seven cents ; being the aggregate difference
between the coin value of jiuytnents made in
currency during the years eighteen hundred
and sixty-three and eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, at the dates of Treasury warrants,
and the amounts due in coin by treaty stipu-
lations, with interest at the rate of five per
centum per annum from dates of said Treasury
warrants, to June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy.
For the erection of a dock for the use of
Chippewa Indians of Lake Superior at L'Anse
bay, one thousand six hundred dollars.
For the relief of O-shou-wau-no, chief, on
account of destruction of his buildings in the
construction of th - Sault Sainto Marie canal,
eight hundred dollars.
For repairing agency buildings at Mackinaw
and Sault Saiate Marie, one thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the, Mississippi.
For fourth of ten installments of the second
series in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, and third article
treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, four thousand one hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fourth of ten installments of the second
series, for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two. and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and -fitiy-
four, and third article treaty seventh May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, four hundred
dollars.
For fourth often installments of the second
series in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen Hundred and forty two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, ar.d third article
treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and sixtv-
four, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth ot ten installments of the second
series, for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred^ and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thutieth September, eighteen hundred and
hfty-f'our, and third article treaty seventh May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
