1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45 75
pay his postage, but that it shall come out of
the Treasury of the United States, and be paid
in part by men whose postage, perhaps, does not
amount to two dollars a year. Why, sir, there
could be no greater injustice than this. When
we have brought our postal receipts up to our
expenses, it will then be time enough to talk
about reducing the postage. But to talk now
about putting it down to two cents is simply
proposing to add $6,000,000 a year to the bur-
dens to be paid by the people of this country.
You want to fund the public debt. Why?
Because you think you can save ten or twelve
millions in the way of interest per annum by
> doing it. The funding bill that went out of
this Senate did not contemplate saving more
than twelve millions per annum by the reduc-
tion of interest. That is a great sum ; but here,
with the most perfect indifference, easily and
without consideration, we propose to add
$6,000,000 annually to the public burdens by
putting postage down from three cents to two
cents. I object to the whole proposition. It
is a good way to defeat the bill to abolish the
franking system ; butiuitselfitiswholly vicious.
It has not a single merit, not a single argu-
ment that is sound, or that will bear examina-
tion, in my opinion.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, with all due
respect to the Senator from Indiana, I say that
whenever a new proposition is brought to the
consideration of intelligent minds it is exceed-
ingly easy to say that it is a run-mad theory;
it is exceedingly easy to say that it is a mad-
dog cry.
Sir, while I am in favor of the abolition of
the franking privilege, I am for a greater frank;
I am for a frank by all tile people. Did the
Senator in his argument show any reason why
there was a difference between each Depart-
ment sustaining itself? I ask you, sir, if there
is any more reason why we should publish Navy
reports and Navy Registers, which are never
read, but are laid on the tables of those who
receive them to dry and rot, and allowthe frank-
ing privilege to the Navy Department for the
purpose of sending them throughout the coun-
Uy, than that it should be extended to the
people to carry that correspondence which cir-
culates from North to South andEast to West;
the great beneficent agent of the people by
which they carry on their communications,
their friendly relations between the cities and
villages and hamlets of the country; their
business and commercial operations ; by which
intelligence is widely and universally dissem-
inated?
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] never made a truer remark in his life
than when he said the writing of letters was
conversation between the people ; and to ex-
tend that remark, this conversation between
the people is the first and most important
source of information. I venture the assertion,
which no Senator on this floor will deny, that
it is by conversation among ourselves, the
argument of questions, the discussion of ques-
tions, the collision of ideas, that we become
best informed. There is no other means ot
intellectual improvement superior to conver-
sation; and what is a letter but conversation
between friends, the discussion of political
matters, the discussion ot family matters, the
discussion of commercial affairs?
Sir, the post office, I venture to say, is the
first and the most important, means for the dis-
semination of education and ot an understand-
ing of the principles of our Government and
their relations one to the other. _
The franking privilege is an inequality m this
respect; the smaller State has these documents
to circulate in the same number with the larger
States. A Senator from Rhode Island or from
Ye.- mont has as many documents as a Senator
from Illinois or a Senator from New York. Is
this republican ? Is this according to popula-
tion ? And yet, while the franking privilege
remains, I would not deny, I would have too
much magnanimity to deny, too much respect
for the sovereignty of the States to deny, in the
dissemination of public documents, the same
number to the smaller States as to tbe larger
States. But, sir, we reach a remedy by abol-
ishing the franking privilege, not by depriving
the States of their sovereignty or of their equal
rights here, but in that way we equalize the
matter. For instance, is the State of Illinois,
with her three million of people, to have no
more of the Patent Office reports distributed
from the Senate than Vermont with her three
hundred thousand? Is that republican? Is
that according to the theory of this Govern-
ment ? Sir, there is an inequality in this frank-
ing privilege.
Another thing which controls me, and has
controlled me from early boyhood, and will
control me to the latest day of my life is, that
the people are jealous, justly jealous of exclu-
sive privileges. I do not ask the franking
privilege because it gives me an exclusive
privilege. It enables me to frank my docu-
ments when the same privilege is denied to
the humble citizen.
Sir, I do not hesitate to say that the Post-
master General, in my estimation, was ex-
ceedingly officious in attempting to stir up
public opinion against the franking privilege ;
but I give him the credit, as a politician, for
jumping upon a popular hobby. He has that
credit from me. The abolition of the frank-
ing privilege is one of ihe most popular meas-
ures in this country. Will the Senator from
Indiana, or any other Senator on this floor,
say that there is not a demand for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege ? Where is the
remonstrance against its abolition? I believe
I can safely deny that any Senator on this
floor can rise and present a remonstrance
against the abolition of the franking privilege.
The Postmaster General had the sagacity as a
politician to know what the people desired on
this question. As to the mode by which he
attempted to influence public sentiment, I
have nothing to say except to declare as an
honest man, and fearlessly, that it was an offi-
cious interference.
But, sir, I must say at the same time that the
people everywhere, for the last twenty years,
have been in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; not that they are opposed to
receiving documents, for every man in the
country is proud of the document that ho re-
ceives from his Senator or Representative, but
because they know that this franking system is
liable to great abuse, is daily abused. I can
to-day have twenty men write letters, and sign
the name of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, and they will go through the
post office and find their destination. The post-
masters will not examine, or if they do exam-
ine, they will not report. The system is liable
to immense and universal abuse.
If Senators talk about economy, talk about
saving money to the people, let them adopt
some means by which this enormous abuse
may be corrected. I am not here to accuse
Senators and Representatives of an abuse of
the franking privilege. I am not here entirely
to exculpate them. I apply it to myself as
well as to them. I would not deny, if pat upon
oath, that I have sent a primer to my boy under
the franking privilege. When I had the honor
of being a Representative in the other House,
as I walked down Pennsylvania avenue one
day 1 saw a pair of red-topped boots, and I
questioned a Senator whether I could not send
them under the gorgeous livery of Uncle Sam,
with my own name as member of Congress,
being then the only Whig Representative from
the State of Illinois. I did not do that; I pre-
ferred to send them by express; hut then I
could have sent them under frank just as well
as not, and there would have been no discov-
ery; they would have reached their destination.
It is idle to say that the franking system is
not a system of corruption and abuse, not by
the members themselves so much as by those
who can use their franks lor almost any pur-
pose. There is only one, remedy.- There is
ihe statesman's remedy. Iam willing, iflstaad
alone with the Senator from, Massachusetts,
now, looking to the future, and to therfnfcure
policy of this Government, to record my vote
in favor <5f one-cent postage, and thereby give
the frank to everybody,:high amilow,-rich and
poor. I am not sure but that the,post-office
system will improve under that policy. I am
not sure but that enough letters will be sent to
make up the deficiency. The argument of the
distinguished Senator from Indiana, and all
arguments of that kind, that the reduction of
the rate of postage will not increase the cor-
respondence, is an enormous mistake. -There
are thousands and tens of thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands of people in this country
who would write two letters where they now
write one, with a reduction of the rate of
postage from three cents to one cent. That
is natural. It is to be expected.
Why talk about taxes? What is it proposed
to tax? To tax the intelligence of the coun-
try; to tax the poor and the humble; and yet
we send broadcast, free of expense and with
free postage, half a million documents which
lie upon the desks of those who receive them
until they are dusty and unfit for use. Here,
sir, in the proposition now before us, is the
grand system of equality. It is to reduce the
postage so that the poor man can have the
benefit of it as well as the rich. One-cent
postage will afford almost every man, how-
ever poor he may be, the opportunity of writ-
ing to his son, or his brother, or his mother, or
his father.
It is contended for by some Senators that
there is no difference between a rate of three
cents and of one cent. That is not a financial
argument. That is not sustained by reason or
by common sense. The Senator from Indiana
had to admit the force of the argument when
he admitted that the number of the letters and
the receipts of the Post Office Department
increased when the postage was reduced from
twenty-five cents to three cents. It cannot be
denied. It is a plain proposition, that strikes
every man of common sense.
Sir, although this proposition is a new one,
I feel sure that it will yet be adopted by the
people of the United States. It has but just
sprung upon them now. They will abolish the
franking privilege, and they must have a sub-
stitute in cheap postage. It strikes me that
this proposition is entirely reasonable.
Sir, in a country like ours we have no right
to stop and draw examples from England or
any foreign country; not that I would repudi-
ate precedent; not that I do not have a high
regard for England; but, sir, we have a coun-
try affording a theater for human legislation
and for action as England never possessed.
I want to see the day when, whether a poor
man writes to his wife sixteen miles distant or
to California, he shall only pay one cent post-
age. The people will enjoy equal benefits from
this system. 1 do not like it simply because it
is new, by any means ; but I like it because it
accords to the judgment of my mind, to the
feelings of my heart, and to the best interests
of the American people. I would not lay a
tax upon the intelligence of the country. I
would never impose a tax upon a school, or an
academy, or a church ; nor would I impose a
tax upon the correspondence of the people of
this country.
Sir, the post office system has been a bar, it
has stood in the way, it has been an obstruc-
tion to the dissemination of intelligence^ the
country. The charge of three cents is too
much, if a man wants to drop aline upon busi-
ness, or to a newspaper, or to his member or
Congress. It is too much for a poor man,
however little it may seem. Three cents to a
poor man is often more than $100,000 to men
of wealth and high position. _ ,
I look upon this proposition^ as a great
measure. It is not radical. It is consistent
with common sense and with the best interests
