1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
loyal men, white and black, delivered over to
the mercies of men who but recently enslaved
them all and made a war of rebellion to render
their bondage eternal! He doubtless believes
thatthisis the rightof Virginia,without the thir-
teenth or fourteenth or fifteenth amendments
to the Constitution, and without the "civil
rights act.'1 But I maintain she has no such
right; that all these great measures and the
reconstruction acts of Congress were necessary
in view of all the circumstances.
There are some facts which have passed into
history and about which there is no dispute.
I will allude to some of them. The State gov-
ernment or corporate State which existed in
Virginia upto the act of secession in 1801 has
now no vestige of existence. It was superseded
by a rebel State government, which continued
in existence from its commencement in 1861
until the 9th of May, 1865, when by an execu-
tive order, military in its character, that gov-
ernment was supplanted and the so-called
"Alexandria government" of Governor Peir-
point was installed at Richmond. But this in
turn has given place to a provisional State gov-
ernment under the " reconstruction acts" of
Congress.
The "Alexandria government" had ceased
to be recognized as the permanent civil govern-
ment of the State, and was without any repre-
sentation in Congress before the surrender of
Lee.
It now " rests with Congress to decide what
is the established government'' in the State.
By the Constitution, articlefour, section three,
Congress has power to admit new States, and
by section four of the same article it is made
the duty of Congress "to guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment."
By article one, section eight, Congress has
power "to declare war" and '! suppress insur-
rections." The Constitution recognizes "the
laws of nations," with their war powers and
usages limited only by its provisions. The
thirteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution prohibits slavery and the fourteenth
protects all citizens in the enjoyment of the
"privileges and immunities of citizenship," and
a3 to all these powers Congress is authorized
to execute and cnforec the provisions of the
Constitution by appropriate legislation. Here
is more than ample authority for all operative
and essential provisions of all the "recon- I
struction acts." This question is now put at ;
rest forever by the opinion of the Supreme
Court in Luther vs. Borden, 1 Howard, 42; in
Texas \s. White and Chelis, decided in Decem-
ber, 1868; and in the matter of Ccesar Griffin,
decided by Chief Justice Chase in April, 1869,
25 Texas Reports, supplement, 623. In the
last case I have named it was held that when-
ever a State government is—
"Recognized as the lawful government by the
executive and legislative departments of the na-
tional Government."
In other words, the status of a State is to be
determined by the political and not the judicial
department of the national Government. This,
then, is a sufficient, answer to all that may be
said about the right of Virginia to representa-
tion. Her rights are such as Congress may in
obedience to the Constitution accord to her;
and history furnishes no example where rebels,
having forfeited so many rights, have been so
generously, wisely, and humanely dealt with.
We have drawn our inspiration from the im- [
mortal words of the martyred President, "With !
malice towards none, with charity for all."
Under the reconstruction acts a State gov-
ernment has been established in Virginia, and
this bill declares—
That the State of Virginia is entitled to rcpre- !
sentation in Congress as a State of tlic Union, under :[
the constitution ratified on the Gtli day of July, 1869. ! I
We all agree thai it is desirable that Virginia ,i
should be restored. These words, " under the jj
constitution ratified on the 0th day of July, ||
1869," were inserted at my instance, so that it !! hold office
should not be doubtful what corporate State
should be restored and what government it is
that Congress now establishes and guarantees.
So far I do not understand that this bill meets
with serious opposition. But the bill proceeds
to declare that representation is granted—
Upon the following fundamental conditions: first,
that no persons shall hold any office, civil or mili-
tary, iii said State who shall not have taken and
subscribed one of the following oaths or affirmations,
namely: I do solemnly swear for affirm) that I have
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
an omcer of the United States, or as a member of any
btate Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer
of any State, to support the Constitution of the United
btates and thereafter engaged in insurrection or re-
bellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to
th? enemies thereof: " or, "I do solemnly swear (or
amrm; that I have been relieved from disability by
an act of Congress, as provided for by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of the amendments of
the Constitution of the United States."
It may be proper to remark this is not the
"iron-clad oath," or as it is sometimes called
the " test-oath;" under theact of July2,1862.
It is not practicable to enforce that oath and
exclude from office every man who participated
in rebellion. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Faknsworth] objects to this provision
of the bill; he denies that Congress can require
such an oath in Virginia unless it is required
in every State.
I affirm that Congress has power to enact
this provision for any one State or for all the
States, and that there is a necessity for such
an oath, especially in Virginia and other of the
late rebel States ; and that it is our sworn duty
under the Constitution to see to it that every
officer under the United States or under any
State who cannot take such an oath truthfully
shall be excluded from holding office. The
oath required in this bill, inserted in this form
at my instance, is in the exact words of the
third section of the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution. I will ask
the Clerk to read that section.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. S. No person shall bo a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of auy State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
Mr. LAWRENCE. Its language is:
*'Ko person shall" ' ' ' "hold
any office" "under any State"—
who has been gnilty of certain acts j so says
our own Constitution by an amendment ratified
after more ample discussion than ever has been
given to any other of its provisions.
The fifth section of the fourteenth amend-
ment expressly declares—
"That Congress shall have power to enforce by
appropriatelegislation the pro visions of this article."
Here is our authority for this oath. It is
plenary and ample. Will any lawyer contro-
vert it?
This provision of the Constitution may be
enforced by a general law for all the States or
by an act for each State separately.
Certainly there ought to be a general law
for all the States, but the failure to provide it
in States where there is no immediate and
pressing necessity can not excuse us from mak-
ing provision for Slates where there is such
necessity.
The manner of enforcing this constitutional
provision is, in the discretion of Congress, by
any "'appropriate legislation." One mode
may be appropriate in one State and another
in a different State. As to one State the oath
may be sufficient, while in another the super-
added penalty of perjury for falsely taking it,
with judicial authority in the national courts
by quo warranto to oust ineligible persons from ,
office may be provided, and if necessary it may
be made a penal offense for such persons to
i._u my vo;ee cou](j control this
matter I would provide all these for Virginia
now.
There is a necessity for such legislation
founded on constitutional law. It has been
held by the Chief Justice of the United States,
in re Ccesar Griffin, that section three of the
fourteenth amendment does not execute itself;
that legislation by Congress is necessary to
enforce it. I will ask the Clerk to read from
25 Texas Reports supplement, pages 636, 6S8.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It is not improbable that one of theobjects of this
section was to provide for the security of the nation
and of individuals by the exclusion of a class of eit-
zens from office; but it can hardly be doubted that its
main purpose was to inflict upon the leading and
most influential characters who had been engaged
in the rebellion exclusion from office as a punish-
ment for the offense." * * * "Theobject
of the amendment is to exclude from certain offices
a certain class of persons. Now, it is obviously im-
possible to do this |by a simple declaration, whether
in the Constitution or in act of Congress, that all per-
sons included within a particular description shall
not hold office; for in the very nature of things it
must be ascertained what particular individuals are
embraced by the definition before any sentence of
exclusion can be made to operate. To accomplish
this ascertainment and insure effective results pro-
ceedings, evidence, decisions, and enforcement' of
decisions, more or less formal, are indispensable;
and these can only be provided for by Congress."
Mr. LAWRENCE. "These can only be
provided for by Congress," says the Chief Jus-
tice ; then it is our duty to do so. We hare
sworn to support the Constitution; the Presi-
dent has sworn to " preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution." It is our duty to make
all laws necessary to enforce its provisions.
There is an urgent necessity, too, for this pro-
vision founded on the condition of affairs in
Virginia.
The constitution of that State does not re-
quire any oath or contain any provision de-
signed to enforce the fourteenth amendment.
Under this constitution five judges of the
supreme court of appeals are to be chosen by
the joint vote of the two houses of the Gen-
eral Assembly for a term of twelve years, six-
teen circuit judges for eight years, ninety-nine
county judges for three years, and eight city
judges for six years, and a few other judges,
all by the General Assembly now in office.
Numerous candidates are already announced
who are ineligible under the fourteenth amend-
ment. They will be elected, and that right
speedily. The danger is imminent. The neces-
sity is urgent in a degree unknown in any other
State. All the machinery of State government,
with its multitude of officers of every grade,
is soon to be set in motion. There is no time
now to perfect a general law applicable to all
the States. But Virginia should have imme-
diate notice that her people must obey the
Constitution.
We should be admonished by the example
of Georgia. Her recent history is well known.
The act of Congress of June 25, 1868, pro-
vided for her admission to representation.
Representatives were admitted in this House.
But suah washer disregard of all constitutional
obligations, by inducting into office ineligible
men and expelling from office eligible men
entitled to office, that at last, and only a few
days since, Congress passed a bill to enforce a
more rigorous oath in that State than is now
proposed for Virginia, and President Grant
approved the act.
Here, then, is a declaration of our power so
to legislate, and of the necessity and expediency
of such legislation. The question is res ad-
judicata.
In illustration of this subject I ask the Clerk
to read an extract from a letter addressed to me
byone of the judges of the supreme court undeJ
the existing provisional government of Texas.
The Clerk read as follows:
Austin, Texas, December 20,1869.
D ear Sib : Tho proposed constitution of Texas,
just passed upon by the people, section one, article
twelve, makes tho fourteenth amendment to tho
Federal Constitution a test of eligibility to office.
The following difficulties present themselves:
1. The proposed constitution provides no penalty
for taking the oath falsely.
