1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
preted liberally, and in the interest of com-
merce and friendship.
But, sir, it is my deliberate conviction that
this duty on hemp was originally, and is now,
one "not fit to be made." If the interests of
our own Government, as hemp is an article
which must be used in our national Navy,
require us to encourage the growing of hemp
in our own country to provide for contingen-
cies in case of war, it would be competent, I
imagine, to give a bounty to the hemp-grow
ers of Missouri and Kentucky, or to purchase
from them, at stipulated prices, a sufficiency
of hemp to supply the needs of our national
Navy.
But so far as regards the interests of our
commercial marine X think that this duty upon
hemp is of the same character as the duties upon
iron and other articles entering into ship-build-
ing. All other commercial nations of the world
have stricken off' the letters upuu that branch
of industry. They have stripped themselves
for the race of competition upon which the
commercial nations of the world are entering.
They have removed all the obstacles to the pro-
gress of ship-building. If we should adopt the
same policy there would be no difficulty in our
ship-builders entering into successful competi-
tion with all the world. The tax upon iron,
the tax upon copper, and the tax upon every-
thing entering into ship-building are the causes
that have destroyed our ship-building interests
and driven our commerce from the seas. This
is undeniable, and is well-known to all intelli-
gent observers.
1 believe that this duty on hemp and all other
materials that enter into ship-building ought
never to have been imposed. As I have already
remarked, if for any national purpose it is
important that our Government should pur-
chase hemp in this country, I think it would be
perfectly competent that it should agree upon
a certain price to be paid to the hemp growers
ot Kentucky, Missouri, or any other part of
(he country for the hemp required for national
purposes; not as a bounty, in the ordinary
-ionse of the term, for I do not regard that as
legitimate, but as a means of national defense.
Bat 1 do not think that our navigation interests
and our commerce should be fettered by any
duties of this character, either upon cordage,
iron, or any other material that enters into ship-
building. An enlightened public policy requires
that they shall be removed. This is our only
hope for recovering our power and prestige on
the seas, of which we were once so proud, and
in which struggle our interests and honor are
so deeply involved. It is to me amazing that
there is any difference of opinion among our
cenntrymen in regard to this.
ilr. BECK. I desire to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Illinois. If wo strike
down this hemp interest iti America we are at
the mercy of Russia, as it seems to be desired
that we shall be. What would be the result?
Look at the facts. In 1854, 1855, and 1856,
during the Crimean war and while she was
preparing for it, as will be seen by the tables
furnished by the Secretary ot the Navy, when
Russia alone furnished hemp of a character fit
for ships' fixed cordage, her hemp rose in value
from 8 cents to nearly 15 cents, and we lost
more in these three years than the protection
now asked l'or would amount to in twenty,
simply because we had no other means of sup-
plying our wants.
Again, during the war in 18G4, when labor
in Missouri and Kentucky was diverted from
the raising of hemp, the price of Russia hemp_
rose to 30 cents per pound, or $G72 per ton of
2,240 pounds. The price has now fallen to 22
cents per pound, as our labor is becoming more
available. If our hemp-growing interests be
struck down Russia will raise the price of her
hemp to 30 or 40 cents per pound, or any other
price that she chooses. All the past history
of our country shows that it is the interest of
commerce that Russia should have a competi-
tor, and should not have the exclusive control
over the fixed cordage of our Navy and mer-
cantile marine to extort from us whatever she
chooses, as the report of the Secretary of the
Navy shows she always has, and of course
always will, and would be foolish not to if we
put ourselves absolutely in her power.
Besides, when this industry has been once
broken down it cannot be revived in less than
three years, whatever may be the necessities
of our country. It takes one year to raise the
seed; which, of course, ceases to be raised when
the crop is not cultivated; another year to raise
the crop ; and a considerable part of the third
year to introduce the product into the man-
ufactures of the country. Meanwhile Russia
will double the price on us every time she gets
a chance, as she has always done and is making
the struggle to get a chance to do now. Again,
the southern planter loses nothing on the bag-
ging he purchases from us. He sells his cotton
in the bale at a fixed price, and it is weighed
bagging and all, so that he gets really more
for the bagging at the present price of cotton
than he pays for it; nearly double as much.
He has no right to complain, and so far in this
debate 1 have not heard any complaint from
the Representatives of the cotton interests on
this floor. Russia seems to be the party com-
plainant, and I do not propose to legislate for
her.
There is another consideration which ought
not to bo overlooked, and to which I wish to
call the attention of gentlemen, whether on the
Republican or Democratic side of the House.
In the present condition of affairs in Kentucky
and Missouri it would be an outrage on human-
ity to break down this interest. [ make this
statement to gentlemen regardless of their poli-
tics and without any refeience to the status of
the negro otherwise than as he would be affected
in his efforts to make an honest support for
himself and his family, which all men are in-
terested in his being able to do. There arc
over three thousand people in the city of Lex-
ington who are now making a living or being
supported by the manufacture of hemp in its
various forms. Black men and boys, many of
whom never earned a dollar outside of a hemp
factory in their lives, arc now regularly making
$1, S2, and some $8 per day. The farm laborers
are equally interested, as by the cultivation of
hemp they thus get regular employmentall the
year, which they could not otherwise have, and
receive higher wages for this sort of work than
any other. It is the specialty of our negro
population; white men rarely work in it.
While our farmers might convert their rich
hemp lands into the production of corn and
other crops, nearly if not quite as profitable,
this crop suits admirably to give hands con-
stant employment. It is cut in August after
harvest and before corn is ripe; it is spread out
to rot in the rainy lall season, and it is broken
out and prepared for market in the frosty days
of January and February, when laborers would
otherwise be idle.
Therefore it is that I say it appeals to your
humanity not to strike down at this time this
interest, when only 8 per cent protection, it
you please to call it so, is asked, and when by
striking it down you will turn out of employ-
ment in my town alone thousands of people
who are now getting a fair living from this manu-
facture. You will turn them into the streets
beggars, with nothing to do, though willing to
work.
Let me show the result of keeping it rip.
Last year in the county ot Fayette, where I live,
the colored population had taxable property
to the value of ยง104,000, and now they have
property to the value of $204,000, showing an
increase of taxable property in one year ol
$40,000, as shown by the report of the auditor
for 1869, which 1 have before me. Refuse to
grant this 8 per cent, protection, and I say to
members, whether Democrats or Republicans,
thev will will turn these people out of doors and
make beggars of them, as they have no other
way in which to make a living, and it will be
so in all the hemp-raising regions of Kentucky
and Missouri. 1 know what I say to be true.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
withdrew the ameadment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the duty to $50.
Mr. Chairman, this debate ought, perhaps,
not to have been permitted to run so long
on this one item, and it would not have been
if it were not that it does involve a grave ques-
tion for our consideration.
I think no one here wants to violate a treaty
with any Government, and one particularly
that has been so friendly toward the Govern-
ment and people of the United States as Rus-
sia has; and I must express my regret that the
gentleman from California [Mr. Axtsll] should
have felt it to be his duty to make the severe
criticism he has on the communication from
Mr. Catacazy. I have known that gentleman
longer than any one else here. I have known
him for seventeen or eighteen years. I have
known him since he has been here ; and I take
occasion to say there is not a more excellent,
courteous gentleman representing any foreign
Power than Mr. Catacazy, or any one more
incapable than he is of intruding improperly
upon any Department to which he has not been
accredited. He has presented facts for our
information, but failed in making the impres-
sion he hoped to do on the Committee of Ways
and Means; but he has been exceedingly cour-
teous, very reserved, and not at all intrusive
in the manner in which he has done it. I deem
it due to him to say this much from my knowl-
edge of him.
Now, I wish gentlemen to remember, when
they are insisting on it these are like articles,
that until 1861 the word " Russia" was never
put into our tariff bills. The duty was simply
laid on hemp as such, knowing what hemp
was in its generic sense and name. Nor wero
the words "Manila hemp" used in the old tariff
of 1842 ; and in the two afterward it was called
the " Manila grass."
Mr. MORGAN. That is a mistake; the
language of the act of 1842 is, "on Manila,
sun, and other hemp."
Mr. SCHENCK.' Possibly. It is India
grass and Manila grass in the volume from the
Treasury I have before me.
Mr. MORGAN. The language is " Manila,
sun, and other hemp."
Mr. SCHENCK. No matter; it was known
as plantain bark, which it really is. It was
known as Manila grass, and afterward known
as Manila hemp, being a substitute for hemp.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] insists that it is the same thing; that
it is a like tiling in the liberal construction and
sense of that word. Why ? Both are used in
the manutacture of cordage. Let us try this
on some other things. Suppose the treaty was
about wool, silk, or cotton. Wool, silk, and
cotton are each spun, and each woven into
yarn, as hemp and gras3 are spun and woven
into cordage. Now, will any man say silk ii
a like article with wool, or a like article with
cotton, because of this resemblance in the uses
to which both are applied ? I should think
not. It seems to me that while we are talking
about a liberal and fair construction we ought
to remember whether the one is a substitute
for the other for certain uses, or whether they
are really like each other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, f should
not say that hemp and cat-gut are alike, al-
though they may be used as substitutes for each
other in certain cases, one being a vegetable
and the other the production of an animal.
So also with silk and wool.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is very true; but
the resemblance in the other case is much
closer ; and we have, as gentlemen will remem-
ber, what is called the vegetable ivory. It
