1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5519
polished marble. And there is a large increase
of duty on hair cloth—on hair cloth almost
entirely if not exclusively for the benefit of a
little but prosperous and handsome village or
town in the industrious and thriving State of
Rhode Island, represented by a gentleman in
my eye, who unfortunately for us, but for-
tunately for himself, has a hair-cloth manufac-
tory for the benefit of which there was in the
original Senate bill the enormous increase of
eighty per cent, from the present rate of thirty
per cent, ad valorem,. Sir, as regards this mat-
ter of hair cloth I desire to recall to the atten-
tion of the House what I said before on the
subject. This once was a country which sup-
plied furniture to the West Indies and Central
America and to South America, and even sent
some of its furniture made of wood to Europe.
But now on this article of hair cloth the Sen-
ate proposed an enormous increase, in which
the House conferees have concurred, and with
such an increase will not only put it out of our
power to export hair-seat chairs or hair-seat
sofas in any form, but will compel every farmer
in the backwoods and every man in a country
village who desires a hair-cloth sofa or a hair-
cloth chair to pay an additional price therefor.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a remark?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New
York is entirely mistaken in supposing that
there has been such an increase of duty on
hair cloth. The duty on hair cloth has been
thirty per cent.—no more; and the manufac-
turers say that the change proposed will be
worse for them than the rate now existing. I
have received within the last half hour from
the manufacturers who carry on this business
in my own district a letter saying that the
proposed change will be very disastrous to
their business, and asking me to resist it in
their name and for their interest to the utmost
of my power.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman concur with me in resisting it?
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
do so.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us vote
it out of the bill. I am very differently in-
formed on the subject. Hair-pins made of
iron wire are included here at fifty per cent.
ad valorem, and buttons and ornaments for
dresses and outside garments. Why, even gun-
wads are included. Somebody in Massachu-
setts has not been contented with the existing
duty on gun-wads, and in order to content him
we have ingrafted here on this bill a duty on
gun-wads ot every description of thirty-fije per
cent, ad valorem. The high tariff bounty men
will not even allow us to shoot without paying
tribute to some manufactory in Massachusetts
or elsewhere. I call the attention of the House
to the fifty first amendment. That includes the
duty on grindstones, building stones, marble,
hair-cloth, hair-pins, buttons, gun-wads, and
the House unanimously voted to strike out all
these articles, and the conference committee
unanimously, with the exception of myself,
have left it all in there exactly as the Senate
arranged it, save and except a rise of fifty cents
per ton on building stone and a slight change
m the width of hair cloth.
Sir, I have had a long contest on nickel
with the honorable gentleman who represents
the Lancaster district of Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dickey.] He has licked me on nickel from
the beginning to the end, and I surrender; I
am obliged to surrender. Sir, in old times I
have had many and sharp contests with the
predecessor of that honorable gentleman, Mr.
Thad. Stevens, on the great questions that
have agitated the country, and 1 have felt the
v,-eight and power of his metal; but I never
expected to be reduced to a contest with the
Representative of Lancaster county, Pennsyl-
vania, on the subject of nickel and oxide of
nickel alone. 1 never supposed that that illus-
trious county, in which resided a President of
the United States and the apostle of the Re-
publican party, would concentrate the whole
of its energies on imposing or doubling the duty
on nickel. I did not suppose that all the
genius and power of the Representatives of
that county would ever be concentrated here
to have nickel raised from fifteen to thirty cents
per pound.
Another gentleman from Massachusetts, who
represents the New Bedford district, [Mr. Bwf-
pintojt,] has been signally successful in doub-
ling the duty on seal oil. The duty on seal oil
was ten per cent, ad valorem, but he has been
enabled to obtain from Congress by the con-
centration of his efforts this session a double
duty, one of twenty per cent., and for which
the people of Fall River and New Bedford
ought to be indebted to that industrious^ Rep-
resentative. A friend on my right says it will
elect that honorable gentleman again. Well,
he ought to swim into the Hall of th#House
on a sea of oil, for he has carried his point.
The duty on linseed oil is increased from
twenty-three to thirty cents, and that rise in
oil affects every varnish manufacturer, every
painter, every harness-maker or leather worker
in the country more or less, and in order to
compensate for that rise the duty on seed has
been raised from sixteen to twenty cents per
bushel. The great victory, however, on this
bill 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope I
shall be allowed to finish my remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, we have heard it all
before.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You have
not heard a line of this before, except in com-
mittee. The House has not heard it. I want
five or ten minutes. The gentleman will have
an hour to reply.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am exceedingly anxious
to bring the debate to a close.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The House
has nothing else to do, and will only do the
more mischief the more leisure it has.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, asked
and obtained leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the pending question. [See Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] for five
minutes longer.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This doty on
cotton threads and yarns is also for the benefit
of Rhode Island. It is for the benefit of two
or three or four or five factories in Rhode
Island that the duty upon cotton thread, warp
yarn, &e., has been nearly doubled. The fol-
lowing invoice of a recent importation will
show the truth of my statement:
"Invoice of 5,000 pounds,(eighty yarns make forty
threads,) £832 16?.,- custom-house valuation, $4,184;
present duty paid thereon, at 35 per csnt., $1,464:
valued at 3.«. 5r t. per pound or S3 cents; five thousand
pounds at 40 cunt* per pound, 4-2,000; add 20 per cent.
ad valorem, $836 80; proposed duty (67# per cent.,)
§2,836 80."
The duty is doubled upon an article which
enters more or less into the use of every sew-
ing-machine of the country, which every sew-
ing woman uses, and which is used in the man-
ufacture of bags in the grocery stores of the
West, and for wheat, meal, &c.
But I am compelled to hurry on. While all
this is done, we have made a free list per-
haps of about three million dollars, mainly
for the benefit of manufacturers. We have
looked out for alkekengi and made it free;
sharp have we been on that. We have let
in cantharides free; catgut or whip-gut are
triumphant: dragon's blood, cuttle-fish bone
march to victory; hyoscyainus is free; rose-
leaves are free; skeletons and other prepara-
tions of anatomy are free; Levant worm seed
is also free, and so is xylonite or xylotile. But
where is the reduction of the duty on coal and
on salt which this House has twice directed to
be made? Where is it in this bill? Nowhere;
and it is impossible for us to pat it in the bill
now.
Where is the abolition of the duty on hides
and. leather, which the shoemakers of the
country almost universally demand ? Where
is the abolition of the duty on lumber ? Where
a redaction of the duty on lead, on copper, on
fish and food, on blankets and on woolens?
Nowhere to be found in this bill. But the whole
bill throughout, from beginning to end, has
been contrived and engineered under the pre-
text of a reduction of the duty on tea, coffee,
and sugar, so as to include benefits for monop-
olists, while nothing has been done toward
removing the duty from those standard articles
I have named, such as eoal, salt, hides, leather,
timber, lead, copper, fish, food, blankets,
woolens, &e.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I desire 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have but
five minutes.
Mr. CONGER. Timber is to be admitted
free, very much against my wish.
Mr. BROOKS. Logs; not timber.
Mr. CONGER. Not logs only, but ship
timber.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I tell the
monopolists of this country that this bill will
not stand. I give them a forewarning now that
the West is aroused; the center is arousing,
and the South, when it shall be represented
here, will be aroused too, and this bill cannot
stand. We, who are revenue reformers, have
obtained victory after victory in this House
during this session; there has been a triumph-
ant change herefrom the beginning to the end
of the session. But that does not in any degree
represent the great changes that have been
going on among the people of this country.
All these wrongs which are now piled upon the
people here will be avenged hereafter, in the
next Congress, or soon after, by overriding this
tariff and by dealing destruction to the monop-
olists now claiming these benefits. No policy
is so false, never is capital so unwise, never are
riches and monopolists so blind, as when they
bleed the people too much and arouse them
to a discovery of the wrongs that have been
inflicted upon them and therefore awaken them
to their duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask a
question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man knows I have no time.
Mr. M-AYNARD. Will the gentleman inti-
mate from what source we will get our rev-
enue?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have already
done that in a speech which I made at the be-
ginning of this session. I can collect more
revenue from thirty articles only than you now
collect from the twenty-five hundred or three
thousand in the existing tariff. ^Observe what
has been done in other and wiser countries
than ours. Enlarge your free list; tax only
the principal articles; and you will obtain more
revenue from them, as they do elsewhere, than
you do by these multiplied and vexatious boun-
ties upon thousands ot articles used by the
great body of the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
mean that he would raise revenue chiefly upon
tea, coffee, sugar, spices, and other articles
which we cannot produce?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You take off
the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar that you
may bleed the people on Bessemer steel. You
take off the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar
that you may increase the duties on all species
of wire, even telegraph wire. You take off
the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar that you
may increase the prices of their oils and their
paints. You take off the duties on tea, coffee,
and sugar in order to increase the prices of all
their albata or German ware, their spoons,
their forks, &c. In order to go before the
people with this reduction on tea, sugar, and
coffee you increase the tariff rates on fifty or
sixty articles.
