1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
174S
House, bat tenders it, with the consent of the
House, to the Governor, and the Governor
refuses to accept it, and Mr. Golladay, before
anybody accepts the resignation, comes here
anil says, ''Because the man to whom I tend-
ered my resignation, with your consent, has
not accepted it, I claim that I am still a mem-
ber of the House," I donot see why he is not
'['bat is the whole question—a question of fact—
lmsAir. Golladay resigned ornot ? 13 that letter
in facta resignation? If it is, we are done
with the case.
The comments which have been made upon
the action of the Governor of Kentucky were,
iu my judgment, wholly unnecessary. That
officer, whenever this House shall have accepted ,
the resignation of Mr. Golladay, will order a
new election. He will comply with every act i
of Congress and every constitutional require- >
ment. There oaght not to be any reflections [
on this floor upon his official course until this
House has notified him that there is a resign a- '
tion which haa been accepted, and that conse-
quently there is a vacancy. This the House
has never done. Any talk about passing laws
to coerce him before yon have advised him that
Mr. Golladay no longer occupies a seat on this
floor, seems to me altogether superfluous. Lan-
guage of that kind used by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Binqhaic] may be very elo-
quent declamation, but it is not applicable to
the question now before ns. We are trying a
question of fact, nothing else. The Governor,
when the question is submitted to him by Mr.
Golladay, says " I insist that you shall continue
a member and stand a full investigation ; the
honor of the State demands it." Was he not
right? But if the House officially notifies the
Governor that Mr. Golladay has resigned and
that there is a vacancy, then that officer will
order an election as promptly as would the
gentleman from: Ohio [Mr. Bingham] if he
were presiding over the. executive department
of that State.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I was about to
rise to a point of order. But if the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] will yield me
the floor for & few minutes I will not make the
point of order. I was about to submit Buch a
point for the purpose of enabling me to say a
word on this question.
Mr. STOKES. How much time does the
gentleman want? . -
Mr. DAVIS. Two or three minutes.
Mr. STOKES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, my point is that
this resolution is entirely out of order, inas-
much as it proposes to 6eat in this House an
utter stranger. This House in sustaining the
ruing of the Chair in the case of the late
mttnber from Sonth Carolina substantially
declared that the right of resignation is one
purely personal to the member; that when
this right is exercised by She member he be-
comes, upon notice to the House, ipso facto no
longer a member. Immediately subsequent to
that ruling, Mr. Golladay seht his resignation
to the Speaker's desk. It was announced to
the House; it was entered upon the Journal.
This House consented sub silentio to its accept-
ance; and by the entry upon the Journal did
practically accept it. It was a complete resig-
nation de jure. That gentleman retired from
this Honse and ceased to act as a member.
He no longer claimed his rights and privileges
as such. The House, by its subsequent action
in omitting to call his name, and in treating him
m no longer a member, recognized the resigna-
tion de facto, and the existence of the vacancy.
Under such a state of facts Mr. Golladay be-
came to this House an entire stranger. The
resignation is absolute de jure, and de facto.
The vacancy is complete. For the House now
to adopt a resolution recognizing him as a
member would be to seat in this House an en-
tire stranger, a man not entitled to sit here
by virtue of any election. I insist that this
resolution is entirely out of order; as much so
as though it proposed that the Governor of
Kentocky be permitted to occupy the seiat
vacated by Mr. Golladay.
The SPEAKEli. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] rises to a point of wder 
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
Chair that when this resolution was offered I
announced that I would only consent that it
should be received to be read. I afterward
rose in my place and notified the Chair that I
reserved the right to object to the reception
of the resolution. I say this in support of the
point made by the gentleman from New York.
I hope that the House will refuse to receive
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rule on
the point of order presented by the two gen-
tlemen. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] rose and stated that he had a question
of privilege under the rules of the House.
Whatever may be the opinion of the Chair it
is his duty to submit that question to the House.
In the judgment of the Chair Mr. Golladay is
no more a member of the House than any
stranger in the gallery. That is his individual
opinion; but the Chair caunot interpose his
individual judgment so as to preclude the gen-
tleman from Tennessee presenting his question
of privilege. Under the points of order pre-
sented by the gentleman from New York and
the gentleman from Ohio the Chair will sub-
mit the question to the House whether it will
entertain the preamble and resolution of the
gentleman from Tennessee as a question of
privilege.
The question was put to the House; and it
was decided in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The preamble and reso-
lution are not before the House, the House
refusing to receive them as a question of priv-
ilege. • -
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tbe Committee on the Rales bo
directed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the rule? of this House that tbe Speaker shall bo
directed not to lay before the House nor in any way
recognize any notice of resignation of any member
whileany investigation into the conductof sueh mem-
ber may be in progress by the order of the House.
Mr. ROOTS- I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of presenting
the resolution.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
present the following preamble and resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is of grave impoftance to tbe consti-
tution of this House that it should be determined
whether a member thereof during the session may
resign his seat without the consent of tho House, and
thereby evadehisdutiesand responsibilities: There-
fore,
Be it resolved, Thatthe Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire and report to this House, by
bill or otherwise, at any time, what action or rulo
should be taken or established for the determination
of that question.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the resolution will
be ordered to be printed. I make that motion.
The resolution was adopted, and ordered to
be printed.
GEORGIA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, the House will remember that on Friday
last I gave notice I should call the previous
question on the Georgia bill this morning after
the morning hour; but the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] desires to address the House
against the bill, and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] in favor of it, and not wish-
ing to cut off the debate at this time, I shall,
unless otherwise directed by the House, yield
the floor to those two gentlemen and then call
for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is debate to be limited
to those two gentlemen? Are those two gen-
tlemen to be designated by the chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction? I thought
it was carrying the matter far enough when he
was allowed to call the previous question when-
ever he saw fit; but, sir, to have him undertake
to dictate who shall speak upon the floor of the
House, under the recognition of the Speaker,
is going a little too fur.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not undertaken any such thing. It was the
understanding of the House that the previous
question on the Georgia bill should be called
at this time, and I have merely made the sug-
gestion, unless otherwise ordered by the House,
to allow this debate to continue fur some time
longer.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope other
gentlemen will be allowed to participate in this
debate before the previous question is called.
Mr. PAINE. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has an amendment
to offer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give notice
to tho gentlemen who had amendments read
on Saturday that they will not be considered
as pending, that day having been exclusively
devoted to debate, and no business having been
allowed. In order that amendments may be
properly before the House they must be offered
to-day.
Mr. PAINE. I understand that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] desires
to withdraw the amendment he has offered to
his bill, and I offer as a substitute tbe amend-
ment which I now send to the desk to be read.
I withdraw the amendment which I offered on
Saturday as an amendment to that of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] withdraws his
amendment, and the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not have the effect to
prolong or renew the term? of office of any Repre-
sentatives of the State of Georgia in the Congress
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
on that amendment, as it is an amendment to
the original bill. The next question -wrill be
on the substitute of the gentleman from Ken-
tacky, [Mr. Beck,] which that gentleman has
proposed to amend by offering a different sub-
stitute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I accept the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, and ain quite satisfied
with it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
power to accept it further than allowing it to
be offered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desireto offeraiiathend-
ment to the original text of the bill,*Artfl ask
the gentlemen from Kentucky.f&to me
for that purpose, as my a^feildment should
properly be decided ill itdv&hce of his.
The SPEAKER. ' If the gentleman from
Ohio offers an amendment to the original bill
it would be passed upon before the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
reached.
Mr. BECK. After mature reflection I pre-
fer withdrawing altogether the amendment I
offered, believing that no legislation is neces-
sary. I prefer that the question should come
up on the bill and on such amendments as
other gentlemen may offer.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer my amendment
as an additional proviso, to be inserted after
the word "States" in the fourth line of the
bill, and send it to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacate any of the offices now filled
in the State of Georgia, .either by the election of
the people or by the appointment of the Governor
thereof by and with thc_ advice and consent of the
senate of said State; neither shall this act be con-
strued to extend the official term of any officer of
said State beyond the term limited by the constitu-
tion thereof, dating from the election or appoint-
, ment of such officcr, nor to deprive the peoplo of
