432
THE CONGRESSIONAL,
January 18,
2. The statutes of Texas provide no penalty.
o. Xhe statutes of the United States provide no
penalty.
There is quite a large infusion of the old rebel
element hi the Legislature-elect, which threatens to
give us' trouble in the election of United States Sen-
ators, and many other matters connected with the
organization of the new State government. We
have fought a glorious battle and won a brilliant
victory, but "we want help from Congress to make
the fruits avail us.
And to this end wo ask that Congress do immedi-
ately pass an act making the oath prescribed in the
proposed constitution, section one, article twelve,
obligatory by law of Congress, to be administered fey
officers competent to administer oaths in the Fed-
eral courts; making the falsely taking the oath per-
jury, and requiring it to be given in charge by the
United States judges in Texas to their grand juries
and to take effect'from and after its passage.
Unless we can get this act there is strong prob-
ability that Hamilton, the man who has done every-
thing in his power to break down and drive out the
Republican party from Texas, will be chosen a
United States Senator.
Your obedient servant, M. B. WALKER.
Hon. William Lawrence.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And now, Mr. Speaker,
I ask will gentlemen here refuse to carry into
effect our own Constitution ? Have we held the
word of promise to the ears of the people only to
break it to their hopes ? Shall we turn a deaf ear
to the entreaties that come up to us from Vir-
ginia ? Shall we turn our backs upon the humble
poor ofthatancient Commonwealth? When they
and the people demand in the name of human-
ity and the Constitution that we throw around
all that remains of loyalty the sacred shield of
the Constitution, shall we invite a disregard of
all law, human and divine, by setting the
example of disregarding the Constitution our-
selves ?
And now a few words as to another feature
of this bill. It declares that "Virginia shall be
admitted to representation upon a second funda-
mental condition:
That the constitution of said State shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote or hold office in said State who are entitled to
vote or hold office by said constitution, except as a
punishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
common law, whereof they shali have been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all the inhab-
itants of said State; or to prevent any .person, on
account of race, color, or previous condition' of servi-
tude, from serving as a juror or participating equally
m the school fund or school privileges provided for
in said constitution : Provided, That any alteration
of said constitution equally applicable to all the voters
of said State may be made with regard to the time
and place of residence of said voters.
These phrases '' equally applicable to all the
inhabitants " and " to all the voters," &c., were
inserted in the bill at my instance, and are de-
signed to secure equality of rights and equal
protection for all.
The gentleman from Illinois, who has ren-
dered so much invaluable service in the field
and in the councils of the nation, [Mr. Logan,]
has inquired how this condition will be en-
forced, whether any penalty i3 provided for its
violation ; and his eolleague, also distinguished
for his military and civic services, [Mr. Farns-
wortji,] more than intimated yesterday that it
might be a dead letter. And it has been af-
firmed that Congress has 110 power to require
any such condition.
I insist that Congress has the power and that
the condition can be enforced. And first, as to
the power. It rests on the same clauses of the
Constitution which authorize the reconstruc-
tion measures of Congress. The Convention
which framed the Constitution expressly re-
fused to limit the power to admit new States, so
that no conditions should be imposed. (Madi-
son Papers, vol. 3, page 1456.)
The power to impose conditions has been
exercised almost unquestioned from the found-
ation of the Government to this time. Ohio,
"the first born of the ordinance of 1787,"
was admitted on the fundamental condition
that her constitution should not be—
"repugnant to the ordinance of the 13th of July.
1787."
And she was denied the equal privilege of
other States of holding slaves. (Act of April
30, 1802, 1 Stat., 174.) Virginia in Congress
voted for that.
The joint resolution of March 2, 1821, (3
Stat., 645,) providing for the admission of
Missouri, enacts a '' fundamental condition''—
such are the words—giving a construction to
the, fourth clause of tne twenty-sixth section
of the third article of her constitution. Vir-
ginia in Congress voted for that.
"Fundamental conditions" were provided
in the reconstruction act of June 25, 1868, as
to North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, substantially
the same as those incorporated in this bill.
"Fundamental conditions" were annexed
to the admission of Nebraska.
And there is scarcely a State admitted since
the adoption of the Constitution on which fund-
amental conditions have not been imposed.
The civil rights act of April 9, 1866, was
an exercise of the power to impose funda-
mental conditions. (14 Stat., 27.)
Mr. LOGAN. I am afraid the gentleman
will leave an impression different from what
I intended. I desire to call his attention to
the question which I asked of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Parks worth,] which was,
what would be the penalty should Virginia after
admission violate one of these fundamental
conditions.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, yes.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 would like the gentleman
to answer it now.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will do it, to the gen-
tleman's satisfaction.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will come to the ques-
tion of the gentleman in a few moments.
In Congress, then, this uniform practice has
settled the question of power; it is res adjudi-
cata.
And so reads the Constitution. Congress
has power to "admit new States." It is not
limited so as to prohibit the requisition of fund-
amental conditions. A proposition so to limit
it was voted down in the Convention which
framed the Constitution. Congress may, under
this broad unlimited power, impose any terms
not inconsistent with, the Constitution.
It is the duty of Congress—
"To guaranty to every State a republican form
of government."
And when a State is, as Virginia was in 1865,
found without any State government at all,
Congress has power, limited only by the Consti-
tutionitself, to require a frame of State govern-
ment of any species of tho genera republican,
and to perform the act of guarantee either by act
of Congress, by fundamental conditions, or by a
State constitution containing such provisions
as may be required by Congress. The general
power to guaranty is not limited so as to pro-
hibit the exaction of fundamental conditions.
The power, then, exists with a plentitude com-
mensurate with the public good, and equal to
every occasion whicli has arisen or can arise to
call for its exercise. To suppose that the framers
of the Constitution intended to make it less is
to deny their sagacity and declare their work a
failure.
And now can the fundamental conditions be
enforced? It is a principle which runs through
the whole Constitution, that whatever power
Congress can exercise,that power it can enforce
by appropriate legislation.
Congress having the power to exact these con-
ditions, has the power to enforce them. Need
I cite authority in support of this proposition ?
In Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 630,
the Supreme Court said:
"The national Government, in the absence of all
positive provisions to tho contrary, is bound through
its proper departments, legislative, judicial, or execu-
tive, to carry into effect all the rights and duties
imposed upon it by the Constitution."
Mr. Madison declared that—
"The power of the new Government will acton
the States intheircolleetive characters."—Federalist
No. 30, 2 Elliott's Deb., 392.
Chief Justice Taney has decided that the
privileges and immunities of citizens—
"are placed under the guardianship of the General
Government."
,m ; the Suprerptp Court has said, in Mar-
tin v§. Hunter
" The Legislatures, of the States are in some respects
under the control of Congress, and in every case are,
under1 the Constitution, bound by the paramount
authority of the United States."—1 Wheatm, 30f.
The -first iact passed by the first Congress
under the Constitution was an act to enfor'ee
that dlause of the Constitution which declares
that State officers— :
"shall he bound by oath or affirmation to support
the Constitution;"'
The bill as originally reported by a commit-
tee, of which Sr. Madison was a member,
contained a penal clause; and so should there
be a penalty for perjury in falsely taking the
oath required in the bill now tinder consider-
ation. ' -
When Congress came to act on that measure,
which became their first law, it was. objected
that there was— . • i .
"no provision for empowering the Government"
to enact the law.
This was conclusively answered by Mr. Law-
rence, of New York, who said :
" Congress havethis power. It is declared by tho
Constitution that its ordinances shall bethe supreme
law of tho land. If the Constitution is the supreme
law of the land every part of it must partake of this
supremacy; consequently every general declaration
it contains is the supreme law. But then these gen-
oral declarations oanrtotbe carried into effect Without
particlar regulations adapted to the eircustostauces;
theso particular regulations are to be made by Con-
gress, who, by the Constitution, have powerto make
all laws necessary orproperto carry the declarations
oftheConstitutionintoeffeet. The Constitution like-
wise declares that the members of the State legis-
latures and all officers, executive and judicial, shall
takeanoath to support the Constitution. Thisdeclar-
ation is general, and it lies with the supreme Legis-
lature to detail and regulate it."
Congress, then, has the power to require
"fundamental provisions," and having such
power, has equally the plenary authority to
enforce them. But, said the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] on yesterday—
"If the State of Virginia after'being admitted"
* * . * . * " should by a constitutional con-
vention change its constitution in the particulars'
referred to _ * * * * " what would t-ho
penalty bo m such case, and how would it be
enforced?"
I might answer this question by asking an-
other: suppose Virginia should abolish her
constitution, declare independence, and annex
herself to the kingdom of Victoria, what would
the penalty be, and how would it be enforced?
Need I ask my learned and able friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan?] I will tell him.
Congress or the President would send the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logajt,] at the
head of the Grand Army of the Republic, to
Richmond, and his colleague [Mr. Farns-
worth] to Canada, and a reconstructed State
would rise over the prostrate ruins of Virginia
treason, and the American Republic would
soon survey her boundaries around the north
pole. And then, as the Green Isle of Erin
would rise up to be free, we would demand an
adjustment of our Alabama claims with a celer-
ity unequaled by the urgeney of England for
the release of Mason and SlideH.
But then, again, suppose Virginia should
change her constitution so as to disfranchise
half her adult male citizens, guilty of no crime
but loyalty to the Government, what would be
the penalty and how would it be enforced?
With Grant at the White House, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] at the
head of the Grand Army of the Republic, we
in Congress and by act of Congress would
reconstruct the Old Dominion and guaranty to
her people a republican form of government.
And that answers the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like us to under-
stand each other thoroughly. I like this re-
constructing; I have no objection to that; I
am as much in favor of it, perhaps, as the
gentleman himself. But he has not yet an-
swered my question. He says,ifVirginia should
secede what would we do? That is a simple
proposition enough. But my proposition is
