4576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
of the country. I shall for one vote for the
reduction to two cents according to the present
amendment; but if I can have an opportunity
to do so, I shall vote for one cent postage. I
am satisfied that that proposition will be sus-
tained by the people of the country. * All that
it requires is an investigation of it to have an
overwhelmingmajoritythroughoutthe country.
Mr. HOWE. Mr, President, this discussion
is getting to be a little solemn, according to
my view of it. Last night, late in the evening,
and in a thin Senate, we deliberately voted to
reduce the charge for the transportation of
letters thirty-three and one third per cent.
That is a step which in myjudgment should not
be taken except upon very careful considera-
tion, for this one reason, if for no other : that
I think it stands confessed on every hand, con-
fessed even by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] who is the ablest and the most
earnest of the advocates for this reform, that
every cent you deduct from the cost of trans-
portation you add to the deficiency in the
postal service, and it becomes a direct charge
upon the people. That is a step which I say
we should not take except upon very careful
consideration; and I have a few observations
to urge against it.
Sir, let me for one moment trace the course
of this discussion. It originated in a recom-
mendation made by the Postmaster General,
supported by the President, and approved by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
a simple proposition to abolish the practice,
the right, the privilege, the system, whatever
you please to call it, of franking letters and
packages so that they may be sent free through
the mails of the United States. That is all
there was of the proposition, call it by what-
ever name you please. There has been a great
deal of discussion about it; but after all I
accept the term used by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and will agree that it is a " franking
system." not a franking privilege, but a frank-
ing system.
Now, Mr, President, what was the origin of
it?_ I did not know last night. Ididnotknow
until I read the able speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts, which I have only had an
opportunity to read this morning. According
to the history given us by the Senator from
Massachusetts, what was the origin of this right
of franking documents through themails? It was
a right stolen—he tells us so—surreptitiously
foisted upon the legislation of Great Britain,
first, insidiously put into a mail contract, made
one of the conditions of carrying the mail that
the contractors should carry certain packages
franked by members of Parliament and exec-
utive officers of the Government. This right,
then, this system, does not originate in a free
grant, and never was a matter established for
the public good. It was so odious a thing in
its origin that the British Parliament, the Brit-
ish Legislature, less responsible to the people
than we claim to be, than we are to our peo-
ple, did not dare to put it into a public statute.
And so we are told they insinuated it, first,
into a mail contract, and finally into a public
statute. That is the origin of the thing, as pure
a larceny as you can find anywhere. The prop-
osition is to get rid of it, to abolish it. I should
think that, a Legislature in this age of the world
would very cheerfully lay down such a system
as that, such a right as that, or such a priv-
ilege as that; but, sir, it has been resisted day
after day. The proposition has been before
the Senate—how long?
Mr. RAMSEY. Ever since the 1st of Feb-
ruary. The bill passed the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 27th of January, and came
nver to (lie Senate the next day.
-Mr. HOWE. Yes, ever since the 28th of
January. I have (he bill before me. It came
ii om the House of Representatives on the 28th
of January last, and it has confronted us all the
time from that day to this; and what progress
has it made? In the last week or so it has been
under discussion here. The most strenuous
efforts have been made by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
lloads repeatedly to get the Senate to consider
it; but without avail, until very recently.
Now, what is the objection to it? One ob-
jection, which seems to be most currentin the
Chamber, is, not that it is not a good thing
to do, but that this is a bad way to do it.
Senators say that the bill is very imperfect,
very incomplete ; it is not a working scheme ;
and every change possible has been rung upon
that idea. Sir, what is the bill? Recollect,
that your purpose is to abolish this system of
franking letters, newspapers, and speeches, so
as to send them free through the mails. That
is your purpose. What does the bill say?
Simply this :
That all laws and pa.rts of laws giving the right to
any officer or Department of the Government, or
other person, to either send or rcceivo through the
United States mails, free of chargo, any letter, docu-
ment. or other mailable matter, are hereby repealed.
One would think that was a pretty complete
scheme to effect that end. It seems to me
ample for that purpose. I do not know how
the purpose could be achieved by a simpler
provision or a provision in fewer words. And
yet Senators say this is incomplete; and all
sons of efforts have been put forth to complete
this scheme.
First, came the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which was a prop-
osition to declare that nothing contained in the
act which I have just read-
Shall bo construed to repeal or affect the existing
law allowing the publishers of weekly newspapers
to send to each actual subscriber, within the county
wherein their papers arc printed and published, one
eopy theroof, free of postage.
Now, Mr. President, no matter how import-
ant you think it that the publishers of news-
papers should have the right to send their
periodicals for a certain distance free, it is not
cousin-german to this light of franking docu-
ments to send through the mails. One would
think we could let the other go and take care
of this very well, indeed.
Then the Sonatorfrom Missouri [Mr. Drake]
had a little larger proposition than that, saving
not only the right to send newspapers, but the
right to send periodicals. The language of
his amendment is:
This shall not to construed as repealinc: the pro-
visions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second aection of (lie
act of August 30,1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An aet to reduce and modify the rates
ot postage in the United States and for other pur-
poses,' passed March 3,1851."
Both these propositions, you understand, are
to perfect the simple provision moved by the
Senator from Minnesota, with the approval of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post lioads
just to get rid of this practice of franking mat-
ter and sending it free through tho mails.
Then came the proposition of the. Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] which isaprop-
osition to save the right to executive officers of
the Government, heads of Departments, and
to some others, to frank public documents
and to frank letters. That is a measure which
is more nearly allied to the one reported by
the committee. It has some relation to it".
They, we all concede, must have the right to
send letters through the mails free, and it is
only a question whether they shall send them
free by franking them, or send them free by
having stamps provided by the Government.
I think the belter provision is to have them
franked as they now are. That is better than to
furnish stamps, in my judgment. So I looked
very tolerantly on the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. 1 would not vote for it
on this Dill, because it would be very easy to
put that on the statute-book after this bill
should have been passed, and there will be
abundant time in which to do it. It was not
a necessary part of this bill; but I think it
would have made this bill a better one if it had
come to us in that shape from the House of
Representatives.
Then came a variety of motions, from the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Fowler,] the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Spexcer,] and
from different parts of the Senate, proposing
to postpone the time for this bill to take effect,
one to next January, one to next November,
one to next October, one to next August. All
sorts of times were proposed for it to take effect,
later than that proposed in the proposition re-
ported by the committee, to wit, the 1st of July
next. I think it must be conceded that not one
of these propositions was necessary to the per-
fection of the bill reported by the committee.
But the Senator from Massachusetts, later
than this, moved a somewhat formidable prop-
osition which evidently was intended to make
the bill absolutely perfect; and out of that
proposition grew the vote which took place
here last night, and which I confess startled
me. Ilis proposition contains substantially
but two features. One is that we shall furnish
cheaper postage to all the people of the United
States; and the other proposition is, that in
lieu of franking documents, stamps shall be
furnished to all those who now use the frank.
Those two features the Senator from Massa-
chusetts seems to think, and in that he is sup-
ported by several distinguished Senators about
us, will make this bill absolutely perfect.
Now, sir, I have two or three remarks to
make about both these propositions. As I said
before, since the Senate adjourned last night
I have read the very able speech of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I ought to have read
it before, and should have done so if I had had
an opportunity to read it before. I have not a
word to say in answer to his argument for
cheap postage. I do not know that anything
can be said against the desirableness of cheap
postage. Indeed, I am in favor of everything
cheap, except cheap men. I do not want cheap
men. All I have to say about his argument on
this point is what he says of this bill: it seems
to mo incomplete. He will not say that this
bill is not a very good thing to get rid of the
franking privilege or the franking system ; but
it does not secure some other blessings and
advantages which he thinks ought to be se-
cured. I have precisely that criticism to make
upon his argument. It is an admirably con-
structed argument in support of cheap postage.
The incompleteness of it lies, I think, in just
this: that while he makes an unanswerable
argument in favor of reducing the taxation on
the carriage of letters, he does not tell us where
we shall rapke up the deficiency. There is cer-
tainly to be a deficiency growing out of this
very i eduction. He admits it; all admit it. This
addition to the revenues must be obtained
from some other quarter. Where shall it come
from ? Whoever stands forward from this time
onward to demand of the Government that it
shall remit any part of its revenue is bound to
tell the Government from what, other source it
shall make up that deficiency in the revenue.
I have nothing to say against the Senator's
position, that three cents for the carriage of a
letter is more than it costs. I think it is. i
think the letter carriage of this country could
be done for less money than three cents for
the half ounce. I am not led to that conclu-
sion by the testimony of the Quartermaster
General of the United States, which the Sen-
ator read to us last evening. The cost of carry-
ing the mails is not at all analogous to the cost
of transporting forage or food, or any other
kind of transportation. The cost of trans-
portation in the commercial service and in the
Army service is measured by the quantity to
be moved. That has but little to do with the
cost of carrying the mail. A man engaged in
transportation tor the Army loads his team,
goes so far and so fast every day, knows what
his trip is to yield liim, and knows how long it
is going to take him to make it. Tho man
who is engaged to carry the mails does not
know any of these things. He has got to run
a trip, go from one point to another, between
sueli an hour and such an hour, and he has
got to go whether he has a single letter to
