1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
Well, gentlemen may say, if this construction
of the constitution of Georgia be right, why as-
same that the Legislature of Georgia will do any
such thing as deny the right of the people of
that State to elect members to the house and
senate this year? I assume it, because that
is really the secret, ay, the declared purpose
of this bill, ot which the House was duly no-
tified by the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Bcfti.er,] both in his speech and
by the amendment which lie offered to the bill.
' Further, Mr.Speaker, if the true construction
of the constitution of Georgia is that its legisla-
ture may deny an election "every second year,''
or for forty years, to the people of the State for
their successors, it is not a republican form of
government: and instead of affirming it, we
should say that Georgia has not a government
republican in form, and is not entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress.
Sir, the amendment which I have offered
stands with the just interpretation of the text
of the constitution of Georgia, and the just
interpretation of the like text of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. If it be the true
construction of the constitution of Georgia that
every second year from 1868 the people shall
elect members of the bouse and senate, it is
the duty of the House to adopt the amendment
which I propose: and if the House adopt it I
am content.. In that event, sir, Rufus B. Bul-
lock will serve hisofticial term from 1868, when
he was qualified and took the oath of office as
Governor; and that term will expire, in spite
of his packed Legislature, in 1872. In that
event, sir, every member of the Legislature
that Governor Bullock asks us to elect for a
term ot two years will pass in judgment before
the people ot the State of Georgia next Novem-
ber or some other day during the current year
1870, as provided in my proposed amendment.
Representatives of the people, please con-
sider the significance and importance of this
question. The question is, shall Congress
legislate the packed Legislature over the peo-
ple of Georgia into power for two years to
come ?
Why, sir, by a law of the State Legislature
the Governor of the State has the control of i
the State railroad, the annual income of which
I am informed averages about two million dol-
lars. He appoints all the agents. Not content
with appointing his agents for the management
of the State railroad to take care of the receipts
and return them to him to be put into the
treasury of the State, he put his railroad agent
into the chamber of the house of representatives
last January, and through him and by him ad-
journed that house from day to day, in direct
violation of your law of the 22d of last Decem-
ber. Instead of being protected by any legis-
lation of this sort, let him answer, when the
day comes, before the tribunals of the United
States for this violation of the law of the United
States touching "the reorganization" of the
Legislature of the State of Georgia.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, I go further. I have inti-
mated to the House already, that according to
my advice the annual income of the State rail-
road is, by the laws of the State, under the
control of the Governor. I do not say he is
usurping any authority by exercising such con-
trol, fori understand that by express legal pro-
vision he has entire control over that matter,
with no power to check him, unless it be the
tribunals of justice in the State, or the treas-
urer of the State, or the Legislature, by a pro-
ceeding of impeachment. Now, sir, this House
is asked to pass a bill with the construction put
npon it in advance by its mover, who reports it,
that the present Legislature of Georgia may
continue for two years hereafter to shelter and
protect this Governor Bullock,'that upon his
nomination to the Senate the present treasurer
of the State, who alone can check his misman-
agement of the funds of the State railroad,
be turned out. Thus, sir, the people of
would be bound hand and foot by an act
ot Congress, and would be deprived of the pro-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 110..
tection intended to be secured to them by their
own constitution, their own laws, and their own
tribunals of justice from fraud, from plunder
to the amount of $2,000,000 a year!
Sir, after the record which this House made
but a few days ago with regard to men who
had stained their official record by malfeasance
to the amount of a few thousand dollars, it does
not become the House to dare to pass a bill
of this kind with the interpretation put upon
it by its mover.
For myself I am responsible, under the obli-
gations of my oath, for the discharge of my
official duty. I do not pretend to speak for
another; my own judgment must suffice for
myself; while I surrender if to 110 man I will
notofficiously impose it upon any man. Speak-
ing for myself, I say I would account myself a
dishonored man, a breaker of my oath and a
violator of the rights of the free people of
Georgia, if I should ever record my vote in
favor of this bill without such a limitation as
is proposed in my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to ask the gentleman a single question, if
I can do so without interrupting him.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman vote for the bill if his amendment
be adopted?
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the honbr-
able gentleman has just as much acumen as
any gentleman with whom I have the honor to
be acquainted. He ought not, however, to ask
me to decide in advance whether if my amend-
ment be put upon the bill I will record my vote
for the measure. I reserve the privilege of
determining for myself whether there be any
thing else in the bill that would constrain me
to withhold my vote. But of one thing the
gentleman maybe assured, I shall vote for the
amendment, f ask the gentleman in return
whether he will vote against the amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly shall.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then if the gentleman
votes against the amendment it is on the ground
that the judicial officers of Georgia are to be
discontinued in their official functions by and
with the advice and consent of the Legislature, !
and by force of this act of Congress through the j
nominations to be made by Rufus B. Bullock. :
It will be the business of the Governor, if he
desires to make a good thing of this railroad
job, to put the $2,000,000 of annual proceeds
into his own pocket and to defy any authority
in the State of Georgia on the ground that those
■ officers were only "provisional officers" of &
"provisional government;" that from t«he chief
justice down the judicial officers in the State
of Georgia were never the judicial officers of
i the State, and that he can supersede them by
nominating successors to the Senate of Georgia
whose confirmation, of course, he could secure.
I Mr. PAINE. The gentleman allows me to
| ask him a question, and it is this : Did he not
J say about five minutes ago if his amendment
i were adopted he would be content with the bill? I
j Mr. BINGHAM. That is an extraordinary j
question. Suppose I did, am I to be gibbeted j
here for saying a word of that sort after I have i
already said to my honorable and excellent I
friend that I am not able to answer the ques-
tion put by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] just now touching the residue of
the bill? I have objections to it, but they may
not be insuperable; but until a limitation of
the sort proposed by me is put into the bill
declaring the right of the people of Georgia to
exercise their privileges as freemen in accord-
ance with the express words of their constitu-
tion I shall not vote for the bill; so I trust my
friend is answered.
I wish to go one step further and to say this ;
and I ask the attention of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to it: that there
never was a bill reported to this House that
furnishes even a colorable precedent for this
legislation, and if the honorable gentleman
knows of any such bill I should be greatly
obliged to him to refer me to it. This is a bill
attempted to be passed two years after you
! have already declared, by law, that Georgia
I shall be entitled to Representatives and Sen-
ators in the Congress of the United States 011
complying with the conditions therein named,
and which conditions this House solemnly
declared by its votes Georgia had complied
with ; which conditions, one of them at least,
was certified to the country in pursuance of
your law under the great seal of the United
States by the proclamation of the President ;
and which conditions furthermore were con-
firmed on the part of the House by theadinis-
sion to this floor, in the Fortieth Congress, as
members from the State of Georgia, its entire
delegation save one: not simply by admitting
two, as the gentleman from Massachusetts said,
but the entire delegation were admitted save
one, sworn in, occupied their seats, and served
out their term to the enci of that Congress.
We are now asked to say by this act of legis-
lation it was all a mistake ; the government of
Georgia was only a provisional government;
Bullock was only a provisional governor ; the
Legislature was only a provisional Legislature ;
and now by a solemn act declare in aid of
Bullock's railroad Legislature that the pro-
visional Legislature of Georgia becomes all at
once the legal Legislature of Georgia from
1870! I challenge again most respectfully
and earnestly the production of any bill ever
reported in this House by anybody which fur-
nishes even a colorable pretense for the pro-
posed legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I am not alarmed by intimations
made here that the passage of this bill is ne-
cessary to secure the ratification of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution. I beg the
House to remember my poor words this day
when I say the passage of this bill endangers
the fifteenth amendment, the fourteenth
amendment, and, for aught I know, the thir-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. Why,
sir, if it is competent for this Congress to de-
clare that the Legislature and State govern-
ment of Georgia down to 1870 was only pro-
visional in the light of the interpretation put
upon this bill by the chairman himself in his
speech, and in the light of the amendment
which he moved and which has since been with-
drawn, which I say only limited the effect of
the bill; if it be competent for this House to do
this thing as to Georgia; and thereby to say
her ratification of the fourteenth amendment
in 1868 was not the ratification of a State Legis-
lature, but of a "provisional Legislature," then
the ratification is simply void. Provisional
Legislatures, Mr. Speaker, do not ratify amend-
ments to the Constitution. It so happens that
one of the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States is that the ratification of the
amendments proposed by Congress shall be by
the Legislatures of StateSj«ot the provisional
Legislatures of provisional governments; not
sir, provisional A* etoblies, under the control
of provisional governors and military com-
manders, but by the Legislatures oftheStates.
Mr. Speaker, the act of 1868 declared six
States entitled to admission and representation
in the Congress of the United States, to wit:
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Florida. That act
sir, expressly declares that the people of those
States have framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and that
each of said States "shall be entitled and ad-
mitted to representation in Congress as a State
of the Union" when the Legislature of such
State shall have duly ratified the fourteenth
amendment, &c. That was the act of 25th of
June, 1868.
Sir, all these six States were subjected to
conditions. Georgia was subjected to further
conditions than Alabama: but Alabama was
subjected to a condition that she must first
ratify the fourteenth article-of amendment. So
also other States named in the bill of 1868.
