1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
empire of Russia. I hold in my hand a copy
oi an opinion ot the Solicitor of the Treasury
Department upon this question, one paragraph
of which I will read. It is an opinion presented
to the present Secretary of the Treasury, a very
l'ecent opinion.
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
^ ^ Mr. BANKS. In a few moments; not now.
The Solicitor of the Treasury says :
"Ihaveno doabt that Russia hemp and Manila
anil India hemp must bo held to be 'similar' and
like articles.' They are so considered in commerce,
and commercial usage in regard to the use of terms
employed in tariff acts and commercial treaties is the
only rule by which their signification is to be ascer-
tained. It certainly is the only practical rule to be
applied. Decisions of courts are numerous upon
this point, and they all favor this construction."
This is the opinion of the law officer of the
Treasury, that both of these articles must be
considered as hemp. Nov/, in the letter which
was read yesterday as coming from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury it is said that Manila is
not hemp and ought not to be called hemp.
That is possibly true ; there may be some dif-
ference between the two articles ; but they arc
similar articles. Suppose that the question of
the duty upon sugar was involved, would we
have the right to put a duty of 100 per cent,
upon sugar made from beets, and 10 per cent,
upon sugar made from cane, when our treaties
with the different nations producing these arti-
cles required that the duty upon them should
be the same? Theyare different, but they are
the same article. It may be possible that Manila
is different in some respects from hemp. But
the whole world considers it to be hemp. It is
so considered in Manila: it is so considered
wherever the article is raised and wherever it
is used. It is hemp; that is its generic term;
that is a common term. In that respect it is
"like," it is the same as Russia hemp. In
view of our treaty stipulation with llussia, to
give them the same terms that we give other
nations, we have no right to make this distinc-
tion upon any merely botanical consideration
that the two articles may be different in some
respects.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
asks why this objection was not made to former
tariff bills. Aslsaidyesterday,itwasbecausethe
difference was not then of importance. But it
now becomes important, as our tariff acts as a
prohibition upon hemp. Since 18C1 the quantity
imported has been reduced from 1,800 tons to
about 200 tons, and in a year or two the im-
portation will be prohibited altogether. That
is a reason why this should be now objected
to. Our tariff by this discrimination has in-
creased the importation of Manila from nothing
at all or from an insignificant amount to 1,800
tons. That is the reason why we make objection
to the continuancc of this wrong.
Mr. SCHENCK. The last full reports which
we have are for the year 1868. For that year
there were 1,520 tons impofted. We have not
the full returns for the year 1869. The gen-
tleman must remember that we grow hemp in
this country.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to ask a question
in relation to the communication to which I
referred when I was up before. I desire to
know whether that communication which has
been published in the Globe at the request of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and to
which he referred with the remark "we will
hear the other side "—I desire to know whether
iliat communication is to be understood as the
argument of tho gentleman from Massachu-
setts or that of the minister from Russia.
Mr. BANKS. It represents my views alone.
1 did not present it as comingfrom the Russian
minister. I presented it as the other 3ide of
Hie question, making no reference whatever to
the Russian Government or the Russian mm-
1StHow, sir. this question having been decided
by the law officer of the Government, and our
attention having been called to it bythe Presi-
dent, who has intimated that in his judgment
41st Cong. 2d Skss.— No. 169.
this proposition is an invasion of treaty stipu-
lations, we certainly ought to be willing to
regard those treaties and to make our tariff
regulations conform to them. I do not object
to the rate of duty proposed upon Russian hemp
if the duty upon Manila hemp be made the
same ; but the motion which I have presented
was the'only method of bringing the'Efouse to
a decision upon this question. I hope that
motion will be sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman,! believe
it is now conceded that every gentleman on
this floor represents the interests of his im-
mediate constituents as nearly as he can. In
this matter of regulating duties I am, I pre-
sume, influenced, like other gentlemen on this
floor, by selfish or sectional considerations.
My colleague and myself, however, differ as
to the best mode of varying the industries of
our State. I do not think our State will be
benefited by increasing the duties or by keep-
ing them up as they now exist.
With regard to this particular item of hemp
I am perfectly certain that my colleague is
wrong, while his intention is right. We have
a rope-walk in California in the gentleman's
own city. That establishment cannot possi-
bly compete with similar establishmentslocated
nearer to Kentucky and Missouri, from which
States hemp must be obtained unless it be
imported from abroad. Now, if we do not
import hemp we cannot compete with those
States where it is manufactured, nor can we,
on account of the great distance of transport-
ation, compete with New York or Boston,
llence the question is, whether this Congress
shall say to our people, "You on the Pacific
coast shall not manufacture hemp into rope or
into anything else."
The gentleman from Kentucky advocates a
high duty on hemp as essential to the interests
of his State. If I thought that a reduction of
the duty to 25 per cent, would strike down the
interests of Kentucky 1 would not advocate it;
but I know that such will not be the effect. He
says that the colored men and others employed
in factories in his own city and district are
receiving §2 and $3 a day for their labor.
Now, sir, I have in my hand an article from
the Sacramento Union bearing upon the sub-
jecc we had under discussion the other day.
In this article the editor says that 0,000 men
are no w parading the streets of San Francisco
idle and demanding bread because they can-
not get work to do at $1 a day or at any price.
Now, when our laboring men can get nothing
to do, I say it is not only not right but it is au
outrage to make our people pay tribute to the
people of Kentucky that the latter may earn
their $3 a day. This article to which I am
referring is a better argument on this subject
than any which I can make, and therefore I
will ask the Clerk to read it.
Before the article is read I will make a sin-
gle remark. The State of California consumes
more rope and cordage than perhaps any
other Stale in the Union. Not a single mine
can be worked without a constant use of more
rope than it takes to rig a ship.
The Clerk read as follows:
" San Francisco has 6,000 idle laboring white men.
They want woik and cannot get it. They also want
bread and must have it. In the average healthy
body the stomach is tho dictator. Rich men will bear
heavy taxes with murmurs of discontent; but thoy
are not apt to risk their lives to have them reduced,
so long as they are still rich. But when the poor are
without employment and without broad the choice
between fighting to prevent starvation and quietly
starring to death is not hard to make. History proves
that they will, nine times out of ten, fight bef ore they
bUrve. We conclude, therefore, that tho rich men
of San Francisco, if wise, will find some means oi
satisfying the present necessities of these idle .peo-
ple, and try and devise permanent methods of giving
them employment. It is an anomaly in American
history to find in a city of 150,000 inhabitants as many
as 6,000 able-bodied adult men out of employment
and in need of bread. It argues that there must be,
including the families of theso laborers,plotless than
30,000 poor whites in the city who live from hand to
mouth, and whose supplies are all at once cut oft.
That is one fifth of the whole, and probably one
fourth of the white population!
" Wo venture the assertion that a like proportion
of destitution is not at this moment to bo found in
any other city either in the United States'or Europe,
bix thousand idle men in San Praneiseo, without
bread, is equal to 12,000 in Chicago, 40,000 iriHew
York, 80,000 m Paris, and 140,000 in London. Im agin e
such a condition among the laborers of these cities,
and at dnce we have presented all the horrors of an
agrarian! war err 'bread Hots,' with slaughtering
armies forcing the starving thousands from their
barricades, taxing the-utmost energies of Govern-
ments and the utmost talents of statesmanship to
master the problem of * how shall the evil be cured?*
We very much fear there is no permanent remedy at
hand for it here. Its causes with us are not to be
searched for among those whicfi dually cause bread
riots. There is no severe winter, no famine, no
scarcity of food, no state of wa* or siege. On the con-
trary, food was never cheaper, and the winter has
been one of California's best. -We are at peace with
everybody; the harvest last year was splepdid,* the
crops in the ground promise abundanco for another
year; tho granaries are full. What, then, are the
causes of these riotous demonstrations? Why are
so many men idle, without food, and frenzied at
their condition?"—Sacramento Union, April2,1870,
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my amendment
that my colleague [Mr. Hooper] my renew it.
Mr. HOOPJiR, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. I do it for the purpose of
stating this article called for the first time and
put into the tariff for the first time in 1842
was not known in commerce until a few years
previous to that time. In that tariff the words
are precisely the same as in the present tariff
and in the bill under consideration. The tariff
was afterward amended in 1846, 1857, and'in
1861 j and every tariff subsequent to 1842 has
always kept up this distinction in reference to
Manila, which previous to 1812 was put into
the tariff and known to commerce as plantain
bark. But my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks,]
has read an opinion from the solicitor of the
Treasury. I do not know at what date that
opinion was given, whether before or after the
letter I hold in my hand from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which is dated October 30,
18G9. J ask the Clerk to read the portion
which I have marked.
The Clerk read as fbllows:
Tkeasuky Dkpautmkxt,
October 30, 1809.
Silt: * '• * Tho records of this De-
partinentdo not show that the Russian Government
has previously called tho attention of this Govern-
ment to the discriminating duty upon homp im-
posed by the tnnfl ot 1812 and by all tho subsequent
tariff acts; but tho subject has been presented by
merchants engaged in the trade, and my predecessors
have uuiformly declined to recognize the validity of
tl)« complaint made.
Jfn 184(3 lion. Robert J. Walker, then Secretary of
tho Treasury, in ropiy to Messrs. Urinnell, Mmturn
k Co., held that the hemp of llussia was not entitled
lo entry into the ports of the United States, under
the provisions of the law or treaty stipulations, at a
lower ratoof duty than $40 per ton, as specifically
imposed by tho tariff act of 18iJ.
JUy that net the hemp of India wu* admitted upon
payment of dutv at the rate of $2-3 per ton. Tho
existing laws impose a duty of S-t;)per ton on unman-
utactnred Russian hemp, and per ton on Manila
and other hemps of India.
While I cannot maintain with entire confidence
that this discrimination is not in conflict with the
sixth article of the treaty of 1832 between Russia
and the United States, yet in view of the tact that
this discrimination has been continued through a
period of twenty-seven years, is found in various
tariff acts, and on one occasion, at least, has been
sustained formally by this Department, 1 do not
feel at liberty to chango the duty upon Russian hemp
by an order to the collectors of customs in the several
ports of the United States.
I am, very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
tiecrAaru of the Treasury.
Hon. Hamilton* Fish,
/Secretary of htale, IT naltirigtont I). C.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
add suit was brought in 18-iC to recover the
difference of duty over the rate paid, which
failed: andanothei'suithasbeenbroughtwitlnn
a year claiming something like $200,000 lor
excess of duty paid smce 18G2 under the tariff
passed in 1801, which is now pending before
the courts.
Mr. BANKS. Lot me say that the courts
have not jurisdiction of this question. It isior
us to decide it. We want to change the law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I merely
state the fact there are such suita pending ia
1 the courts.
