1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3633
have taken five minutes of the precious time
of this House on that point. But if he expects
us on this side of the House to allow what he
has said of our plea for religious toleration,
for religious liberty, to go unanswered, he is
mistaken.
Now, in regard to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] He says he can
have no personal controversy with me. Why,
sir, I am not seeking any with him. I sought
none at all. I simply reminded him that after
the repeated denials of the gentleman from
New York, made in his hearing, he had no
right to come in here and renew that charge;
that I thought it an unfair mode of debate ;
and inasmuch as the floor was accorded to me,
and not to the gentleman from New York, I
felt it was my duty, as it was my pleasure, to
set that matter right. He says I have scraped
together old charges against Massachusetts.
He doesnotdeny that the witches were burned.
Perhaps he represents the district where they
were turned to ashes ; I do not know how that
may be. I am told that his colleague [Mr.
Bftlee] represents that district. Let them
divide the honor between them. Further
than that, he does not deny they burned con-
vents of Sisters of Charity in his State ; and
all the defense he vouchsafes to make is that
it is an old story. Yes; it is an old story
and a mean one. It gets no better by time.
Age does not improve it. Those acts will
deepen and blacken on the pages of his-
tory, and grow deeper and blacker as time
goes on.
When gentlemen representing communities
who have thus signalized their bigotry come
here to put their bigotry into practical action,
by refusing a mission to Rome for no other
reason than because of her religious faith, I
think it quite fair to remind them of their pre-
vious history. A word more in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. He misstates
facts. He says the Democratic party suspended
diplomatic relations with Rome. It is not so.
It is known in and out of the House that a law
exists to-day on the statute-book for a mission
to Rome, and ycm of the Republican party have
simply cut off the appropriations, which pre-
vents the execution of the law. That was
done in the Thirty-Eighth or Thirty-Ninth
Congress by the votes of Republicans, and by
no one else. It is on your skirts, and not on
ours. The gentleman sa.ys that Protestants
have to go outside of Rome to worship. Now,
sir, I have here beside me more than one, yes,
more than five living witnesses who have visited
Rome, and who say that is not true; that they
worshiped in Minister King's house in Rome
as a Protestant congregation. Mr. King him-
self denied this calumny on the Government
of Rome at the time it was made. If the gen-
tleman is well informed, as I know he is, in
regard to public affairs, he knows that the min-
ister himself made this denial. The gentleman
ought not to have made this statement.
In connection with this question of worship
I must refer to another remark which fell from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
He asked me what I had to say about a sylla-
bus which had been promulgated. Am I here
to argue points of doctrine with the gentle-
man ? I knew when he got on his feet that he
would run into all sorts of fine-spun theories.
What care I what sort of syllabus the Pope of
Rome has promulgated ? What care I what
creed or mode of faith he has laid down for
his followers ? It is his right to announce what
syllabus he pleases to his flock, and their right
to receive it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, the committee will bear me witness that
when I rose originally to introduce the prop-
osition now under discussion I did not accom-
pany itwith any remarks. I purposely refrained
from doing so, lest it might excite passion and
prejudice. It was not until opposition had been
made to what wa3 proposed, and a division had
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 228.
been taken, that I rose to advocate the motion
at all. The committee will also bear me wit-
ness that when I did address the committee I
said nothing of a religious character—nothing
of a nature calculated to excite prejudice, pas-
sion, or religious feeling; and that when I rose
to offer some remarks I placed the whole
advocacy of my proposition on the ground of
the temporal power and relations of Rome. I
advocated an appropriation for a mission to
Rome because of the necessity of cultivating
art in the United States.
We have here the most magnificent physical
creations in railroads, in bridges, in structures
of all kinds. We have a superiority in all the
coarser manufactures. But it is evident to
every one that in the higher and finer branches
of art we are behind other countries. Even
in this magnificent building—our Capitol—in
its embellishments of art, its statuary, its fres-
coes, its pictures, &c., we confess our inferior-
ity to foreigners by employing them to do the
work. And why is it that we are inferior to
foreign nations in this respect? It is because
we have not afforded sufficient opportunities
or encouragement to our own countrymen to
cultivate the arts in foreign lands. The neces-
sity for this cultivation was one of the reasons
why I advocated this amendment.
For this the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has chosen to assail me in two
ways: first, because of my religious character or
want of religious character, and next he charged
me with a political affiliation with the Know-
Nothing party. Sir, let me say that though born
in New England, and raised in New England
and proud of New England, I never, never was
a Puritan. And, thank God! not a drop of
Puritan blood flows in my veins. I was of Bap-
tist birth and Baptist origin, and my hostility to
the Puritans of New England has arisen from
the fact that my ancestors on my maternal
side were driven out of Massachusetts by force
and violence because they were Baptists. This
circumstance furnishes to a large extent the
explanation of my feelings and of the remarks
which I often make on the floor of this House,
not of hostility to New England, but of hos-
tility to the violent persecuting spirit of the
Puritan element of New England.
As regards the Know-Nothing party, I have
said over and over again on the floor of this
House that I never was in the Know-Nothing
party, that I never belonged to the Know-
Nothing party in any shape or form whatso-
ever. I never advocated their principles; I
deprecated the agitation of them; I never be-
lieved in them. During a large portion of the
time covered by that unhappy agitation I was
not here in this country. I was abroad at the
time, journeying far and wide in foreign lands.
And yet the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who has heard my reply to attacks directed
against me on this- ground in the form of a
direct denial of the charges, reiterates those
attacks to-day, and when contradicted reiter-
ates them again in another shape.
Has the gentleman from Massachusetts no
sense of propriety ? Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts no sense of shame ? Has the
gentleman from Massachusetts any proof for
these reiterated—I will not say, falsehoods, for
that is not a parliamentary word, but I will
leave a blank in the sentence, for the House
to imagine with what word I would fill it, if
it were within the bounds of parliamentary
law. Sir, the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts knew full well when he reiter-
ated that untruth upon the floor of this House
that he was reiterating an untruth, and why
he chooses to reiterate it over and over again
I leave it to his conscience and to the House
to decide.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I move, pro forma, to amend
so as to make the'sum $142,800. Mr. Chair-
man, the debate upon these amendments has
taken rather a wide and extraordinary range;
but I think every impartial observer upon
this floor will concur with me when I say
that the religious aspect given to it came from
the other side of the House. Now, sir, I am
opposed to reestablishing this mission at Rome
irrespective ofany question of religion, because,
first, in truth and in fact, Rome is no "Power"
in the sense as applied to nations; secondly,
because we have no commerce and no political
relations whatever witlf Rome, and hence there
is no necessity whatever of spending six or
seven thousand dollars upon such proposed
mission. I may also add there are Govern
ments in Europe more important in point of
population and more important in point of
commerce than Rome to which we never have
sent and do not contemplate sending diplo-
matic representatives. These were the reasons
and the only reasons that were urged against
the proposition on this side of the House.
The other side of the House, for purposes
well known to themselves, for purposes that
will be known and appreciated by the country,
have sought to give this question a political
aspect with reference to a large and respectable
religious sect in this country ; and, sir,lam well
satisfied that religious sect will not thaukthem
for thus needlessly dragging their church into
this discussion. They will regard it and the
country will regard it as a weak and puny effort
to gain partisan power and friendship among
the members of that church. The reasons
I have stated induced Congress five years ago
to discontinue this mission, and I know of
nothing which should cause a reversal of that
action. Rome has never had any intercourse
of this character with us as a nation ; never in
all her past history. We have a consul residing
there, vested with sufficient authority to attend
to the various wants of the comparative few
Americans who visit the "Ancient City" for
purposes of business or pleasure.
But, Mr. Chairman, I should not have taken
part in this debate but for a remark that fell
from the lips of my colleague, [Mr. Vooit-
hees.] I would be derelict to the Republic-
ans of my district and of the State at large if
I did not seize the earliest opportunity to say
that that remark was without foundation and
unworthy to be uttered upon the floor of this
House. The language to which I refer, fur-
nished to me by the reporters, is this: " In my
own State it is said, 'Let the Irish go, let the
Dutch go, we have got the negroes in their
places.'" "It is said!" Who said it? Any
Republican from Indiana in Congress or out
of Congress ? If my colleague is within the
sound of my voice I will yield to him to inform
this House as to what the authority is upon
which he makes that charge.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman knows
the authority just as well as I do.
Mr. ORTH. No, I do not; I yield to ascer-
tain the authority.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is the current col-
umns of the newspapers of both parties in
Indiana.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Chairman, I grant you
that it is in the current columns of one class
of partisan newspapers in my State, those rep-
resenting the political party to which my col-
league belongs ; but I will yield- to the gen-
tleman again if he will name a single Repub-
lican paper among the one hundred published
in my State that has ever uttered or indorsed
such a sentiment.
Mr. VOORHEES. Undoubtedly they would
deny it, just as old Know-Nothings deny their
former principles upon this floor.
Mr. ORTH. I have given my colleague an
opportunity to furnish to the House the author-
ity for the charge that he has made here. Sir,
it is base and groundless. Taken in connec-
tion with the preceding sentence, what does
the gentleman mean by it when he says, " It is
said?" He said, "Gentlemen on the other
side flatter themselves that they have the negro
vote of this country to enable them to dis-
pense with the votes of the foreigners;" and
