18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sbss.
therefor, to replace those destroyed by fire in
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
eleven thousand eight hundred dollars.
Gros Ventres.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insuraneeand transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
thirty thousand dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and seventy, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article of treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, per second article treaty of Janu-
ary fourteen, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
ten thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For seventeenth installment of interest on
one hundred thousand dollars, at five per
centum per annum, for educational and other
beneficial purposes, per treaty of May eighteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For seventeenth installment on two hundred
thousand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, per second article treaty
eighteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, five thousand dollars.
Klamath and Modoc Indians. i
For the last of five installments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per second
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For fourth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair one saw-mill, one flouring-mill,
buildings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and
wagon and plow maker, the manual labor
school, tfnd hospital, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of tools and material for saw and flour
mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and plow-
maker's shops, and books and stationery for
the manual labor school, as per fourth article
Ireaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming,
one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker, as
per fifth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six thousand
dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments to pay salary
and subsistence of one physician, one miller,
and two school teachers, as per fifth article
treaty of October fourteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For first of ten installments of thirty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fifth series,) under
direction of the President, as per fifth article
of treaty of January thirty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for sup-
port of a smith and carpenter's shop, and
to provide the necessary tools therefor, per
eleventh article treaty thirty-first January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and pay of teachers, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employmentof a blacksmith,carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicine for
the sick, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For last of fifteen installments for pay of
miller, per third article treaty twelfth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article
treaty twenty third October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven ^dollars
and eighty-six cents uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate's amendment to fourth
article treaty filth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, eleven thousand and cixty-tv,-o dol-
lars and eighty nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth aiticle treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per articles treaty twenty-first August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate articles of treaty
of thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
nine, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Molds.
For pay of teachers of manual labor schools,
for all necessary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, two thousand
dollars.
Mixed Shoshones, Bannocks, and Sheep
Eaters.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical at-
tendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, twenty-five thousand dollars.
JSTavajoes.
For second of ten installments for such arti-
cles of clothing or raw material in lieu thereof
for eight thousand Navajo Indians, not ex-
ceeding five dollars per Indian, as per eighth
article of treaty of June first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For second of three installments for seeds
and agricultural implements for fourteen hun-
dred families, at the rate of twenty five dollars
per family, as per seventh article same treaty,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments to be used by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in the pur-
chase of such articles as from time to time the
condition and necessities of the Indians may
indicate to be proper, the sum of ten dollars to
each person who engages in farming or mechan-
ical pursuits, as per eighth article of the same
treaty, fourteen thousand dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods,
twenty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for subsistence of the Navajo
Indians in New Mexico, for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy, to
be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
iVez Perces Indians.
For first of five installments of third series
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in .
repair school buildings, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teach-
ing and two teachers, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employ of one superintendent of farming, and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, ten thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furni-
ture therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-live, three
hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the tribe may select
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For fifth of the sixteen installments for
boarding and clothing the children who shall
attend the schools, providing the schools and
boarding-houses with necessary furniture, the
purchase of necessary wagons, teams, agricul-
tural implements, tools, and so forth, and for
