2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. BANKS. The courts have not jurisdic-
tion of this question.
[Hera the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Banks' s amend-
ment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 17, noes 40: no quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
No further count being asked for, the amend-
ment was considered as rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
On the tow of flax or hemp, $10 per ton.
No amendment being offered,the Clerk road
the next paragraph, as follows:
On Manila, sun, and other substitutes for hemp,
not otherwise provided for, $25 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move on page 13, line
two hundred and eighty-four, to insert after
the word " not " the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert the word
"like" after the word "other" in line two
hundred and eighty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out "25"
and insert" 40." This opens the same ques-
tion which has been discussed already, and I
do not wish to detain the House on it.
Mr. COX. Is the question discussible?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COX. Then I rise to oppose this
amendment. This matter of Manila hemp
enters into shipbuilding, which has been
referred to by gentlemen on this and on the
other side of the House. And when the ques-
tion comes up of protecting the ship-builders
of theUnited States, and of aggrandizing them,
that they may resurrect their business, we shall
have a very peculiar discussion growing out of
what we are now doing with this tariff. This
Manila and this hemp, with various other articles
that arc being passed upon in this tariff, are
niaterials which enter into ship-building. The
Ship-building question will challenge the atten-
tion of the House, as for the last three or four
years it has engaged the attention of the country.
The ship-building interest was formerly an im-
portant element in this country. It represented
$75,000,000 per annum, besidesalarge amount
more representing the profits on the sales of
our ships to foreigners. Now, the reason to-day
why our ship-building has failed, and why our
commerce has declined, is neither more nor
less than this: that the various articles which
enter into the construction of a ship, whether
it be an iron ship or a wooden ship, are by our
tariff taxed so inordinately that we cannot build
ships in this country so as to compete with the
ships built across the border, in New Brunswick
or any other country, whether in iron or in wood.
The sails and rigging cost three times as much
as they did before the war. That, I believe,
is conceded by all. I will show what is the
tax on the niaterials entering into the con-
struction of a ship costing $06,500. I am cit-
ing an instance which came under my obser-
vation while in the State of Maine, the facts
being derived from people conversant with the
business. To build a ship of that class, meas-
uring 1,327 tons, true measurement, there had
to be paid for wood materials $26,950; iron,
$12,400; yellow metal, &e., $2,000; cordage,
&c., $11,000; other materials, $5,000; busi-
ness charges, $10,000; other expenses, $3,400.
And I might add here other details which
would show that of hemp and Manila alone,
the textile fabrics or materials which enter
into the construction of such a ship, $6,500
worth would be required for a ship costing
$117,000.
Now, gentlemen come here and ask that the
commerce of the country shall be helped; and
we find gentlemen from the West saying, "We
offer to help you, the gentlemen of the Bast,
who represent ship-building and commercial
interests, by giving you subsidies or bounties
or gratuities." But we stand up here on a
principle and say, "AVe will not be the paupers
of this Government; we do-not want your sub-
sidies or your bountiesand when we say
that we will add further, " Give ua ft fair tariff,
so that all these materials that enter into ship-
building shall come in at least under alnoder-
ate and not under an exorbitant tariff such
as has broken up this ship-building business."
I know what was said about the ship-build-
ing interest two or three years after the war.
It was said that t.he Alabama had killed it ;
that the various rebel cruisers had broken it
down. Those who made these statements for-
got the grand fact that there was all the more
necessity for further ship-building if our com-
merce had been thus swept from the sea; for
a ship, like a man, has a generation during
which it lives. It wears out and dies out.
And if this business of ship-building, if the
very art of ship-building has gone from this
country—and the gentlemen from Maine know
that no more apprentices even are now taken
into the business of building ships, whether in
wood or iron—it is because of this atrocious,
infernal tariff system. ^ And the only way to
resurrect our ship-building business is to strike
down your ruinous monopoly and give every
material that enters into the construction of a
ship a fair chance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I favor the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
not on the principle that I am in favor of so
high a tariff as this would be, but in order to
test the sincerity of gentlemen who claim that
protection is required for hemp, or for the men
who raise hemp. If they desire that protec-
tion, and if that is the object these gentlemen
have in view, they should increase the tariff on
Manila and sunn, and other articles that are sub-
stitutes for hemp. If they are in earnest, then,
and mean protection in fact, which is exclusion
of the importation of articles of this kind for
the protection of the article which they pro-
duce, then let them act in such a way as to
show the men that they are voting for that they
intend to protect them ; because in voting for
a duty of $40 a ton on hemp and $25 a ton on
these other articles they are merely doing it to
please the men who are the raisers of hemp
and make them believe that they are protected,
when it is no protection to them at all if you
allow these articles to come in at $25 a ton.
And I say now to the ship-builders and the
gentlemen who are asking bounties for ship-
building, that when that subject comes uj) I
shall oppose any proposition of that kind, for
the reason that everything that is calculated
to aid and assist those people who are engaged
in that occupation in this country is protected
in such a manner as to deprive them entirely
of their occupation. But, sir, in order to make
this fair, and in order that we may keep good
faith in reference to the treaty between the
Russian Government and ours, we ought at
least to put all these articles under the same
restrictions. I do not think it will do Russia
very much good. So far as Russia is con-
cerned, I presume she desired the tariff low-
ered so that she should get her hemp in ; but I
think we should put a duty of $40 a ton on the
articles that benefit other countries that aro no
more entitled to benefit than Russia is; and
for that reason I am in favor of putting all of
these articles at the same rate, which is $40
a ton.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The question was taken on Mr. Banks's
amendment, to strike out "$25" and insert
" $40;" and there were—ayes 11, noes 23 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected,
The Clerk read as follows:
On jute. Sisal grass, and other vegetable fibers, not
otherwise provided for in this act, $15 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. To correct the language
of that clause I move to insert the word " and"
after the word "jute," and to Strike out the
words "and other vegetable fibers not other-
wise provided for in this act;" so that it
will read, "On jute and Sisal grass, $15 per
ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On jute butts, $10 per ton.
Mr. STRONG. I move to amend that clause
by striking out " $10" and inserting " $6" in
lieu thereof. My amendment is to preserve the
law as it now stands. The duty on jute butts
under the existing law is $0 per ton. 1 hardly
know on what principle or theory the committee
acted in proposing to raise the duty. Perhaps
I can serve my purpose better by asking the
Clerkto read the letter whichlhold in myhand,
from an extensive and old-established paper
manufacturing firm in Connecticut, than by
anything 1 could say.
The Clerk read as follows :
Windsou Locks, Connecticut,
I'^ebruarv 17,1870.
Dear Silt: We beg to call your attention to the
proposed increase of duty from $6 to $10 per ton on
jute butts as tho new tariff bill is reported from the
committee.
Jute butts are imported very largely from Cal-
cutta, and used extensively by the Manila, paper
manufacturers of this country. It is our judgment
from our own experience that the domestic supply
of stock for Manila paper mills does not exceed
more than one third of the amount of raw material
used in the manufacture of Alanilapaper. Thebal-
ance, two thirds, is supplied by foreign stook.
Jute butts being the inferior part gathered from
tho jute tree, it has been laid down in this country
at a price that has called the attention of paper men
to this article as stock. Tho price of paper in IStti
-was from 18 to 20 cents per pound. Now it can bo
bought from 10 to 1*2 cents per pound, with largo
stocks on hand. While paper stock has not declined
more than 10 percent, on foreign stock, and not over
5 por cent, on domestic stock, to-day many mills aro
running at a loss, and tho Manila mills as a class aio
making no money.
It has been proposed to put foreign old bagging on
tho froo list by tho now bill, but bagging lias ad-
vanced in England from 9-?. to 10s. 3^., and cannot be
imported to-day free of duty and made into paper
with any profit.
Instead of tho duty being udvaneed it should bo
taken off of from jute butts, that we may be able to
ma lee the paper at a less price.
Yours, truly, C. H. DEXTER A- SOSS.
Hon. Julius l. Stkong, Washington.
Mr. STRONG. It appears from that letter
that two thirds of the stock used by the paper
manufacturers of this country is foreign stock,
and not domestic stock. Now, why should this
raw material, this bark of the jute tree, be
taxed more? Why should we, in making a
tariff here for the purpose of reducing the rev-
enue and lightening the burdens of taxation,
increase the tariff' on this raw material? It
does not compete at all with flax and hemp, as i
understand it. 1 understand the fiber of jute
to be coarser, weaker, and less flexible than
tho most inferior kinds of tlax and hemp; and
therefore it does not come in competition with
either. I do not see why the Committee of Ways
and Means should have seen fit to raise this
duty from $0 to $10 per ton. It is used not
only by Manila paper manufacturers, but
it is used also in the manufacture of gunny
bags, which but a few years ago we imported
altogether from abroad. Now we have sev-
eral mills in this country making this gunny
bagging, and competing successfully with for-
eign manufacturers. We formerly imported
the article from Calcutta, but now our own
manufacture is superior. Why should we im-
pose more cost on our manufacturers, instead
of protecting them on this raw material?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. This is another old story.
It is the hardest thing in the world to make a
Connecticut or other New England manufac-
turer understand, while he is to have protection
upon the productions of his factory, why there
should bo any protection afforded to the raw
