732
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
fencing of suoli lands as may be needed for
gardeningand farmingpurposesforthe schools,
three thousand dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers,
six thousand seven hundred dollars.
For repairs of houses, mills, aud tools, and
necessary materials, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
NisqiiaUy, Payalhip, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians. '
For sixteenth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for pay
of instructor, smith, physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine to the sick, carpenter, and
farmer, per tenth article treaty twenty-sixth
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six thousand seven hundred dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and gajjport of smith and carpenter shop, and
providing the necessary tools therefor, in con-
formity with tenth article of the treaty of
December twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-lour, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Northern Cheyennes and ArapaJioes.
For second of thirty installments for purchase
of clothing, as per sixth article of treaty of
May tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments, to be ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Interior, ten
dollars for each Indian roaming, eighteen hun-
dred souls, in the purchase of such articles as
from time to time the condition and necessities
of the Indians may indicate to he proper, as
pet- same treaty, eighteen thousand dollars.
For second of four installments, as per same
treaty, to furnish said Indians flour and meat,
sixty-six thousand five hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For pay of physicians, teacher, carpenter,
miller, farmer, blacksmith, andengineer, seven
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For second of three installments, to be
expended in presents to the ten persons of
said tribe who in the judgment of the agent
may grow the most valuable crops for the
respective year, five hundred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods,
six thousand dollars.
Oma/ias.
For the third of fifteen installments of this
amount, being third series, in money or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for keeping in
repair a grist and saw mill, and support of
blacksmith shop, per eighth article treaty
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty March sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for pay of one
engineer, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For filth of ten installments for pay of one
miller, per same treaties, nine hundred dollars.
For fit tlx of ten installments lor pay of one
fanner, per same treaties, nine hundred dol-
lars.
For fifth of ten installments for pay of black-
smith, per same treaties, nine hundred dollars.
For third Ot'tcn installments for support of
blacksmith shop, and supplying tools for the
same, three hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and cost of
delivery of annuities to the Omahas, five hun-
dred dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one
hundred and twenty dollars, at five per centum
per annum, being value of fifty-four sections
of land set apart by treaty of June second,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, for educa-
tional purposes, three thousand four hundred
and fifty-six dollars.
For interest on ftiree hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually, in money or such articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
first article treaty of September twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Great and Little
Osage Indians, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottawas and Ohippewas of Michigan.
For third of four equal annual installments
in coin of the sum of two hundred and six
thousand dollars, being the unpaid part of the
principal sum of three hundred and six thou-
sand dollars, to be distributed per capita, in
the usual manner of paying annuities, per
third [second] article of the treaty of thirty-
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifty-
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty-one thousand five hun-
dred dollars, at five per centum, being the
balance of two hundred and six thousand dol-
lars for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, two thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
For third of fifteen installments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For perpetual annuity, at least one half of
which to be in goods and such articles as may
be deemed necessary for them, per second
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand
dollars.
For support of manual labor schools, per
third article treaty September twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation and insurance, and neces-
sary cost of delivery of annuities for the Paw-
nees, two thousand dollars.
For pay of one farmer, two blacksmiths and
two apprentices, one miller and apprentice,
one engineer, and two teachers, five thousand
seven hundred and eighty dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel and other
necessaries for the shops, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, twelve hundred dollars.
For repair of grist and saw mills, three hun-
dred dollars.
Poneas.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their comfort, civilization, and improvement,
seventeen thousand five hundred dollars.
Poltawatornies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, seven hundred and twenty-four
dollars and seventy-seven cents.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, three hundred and sixty-
two dollars and thirty-nine cents.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, one thousand eight hun-
dred and eleven dollars and ninety-three cents.
Forpermanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, one thousand four
hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty-four
cents.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, eleven thousand five
hundred and ninety-six dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, one hundred dollars:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall be
shown to the Secretary of the Interior that the
chief or chiefs provided for by said articles are
still living.
For educational purposes, five thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, two hun-
dred and seventeen dollars and forty three
cents.
For permanent provision for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, two thousand and forty-
two dollars and ninety-four cents.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, three
hundred and seventeen dollars and nine cents.
For interest on four hundred and sixty six
thousand aud twenty-seven dollars and f'orty-
eiglit cents, at five per centum, in conformity
with seventh article treaty of June fifth and
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
twenty-three thousand three hundred and one
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
Pottawatomies of Huron.*
For permanent annuity, in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For this amount to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical at-
tendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their comfort, civilization, and improve-
ment, two thousand six hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-hh-itte Indians.
For the first of five installments on twenty-
five thousand dollars (being the first series) for
beneficial objects, under the direction of the
President, per fourth article treaty first of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
dollars.
Fof eleventh of twenty installments for the
