3634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
then he proceeds: "In my own State it is
said," Arc. Now, sir, that gentleman knows
us well as I do that in the ranks of the Re-
publican party are found some of the most
intelligent Germans and some of the most
intelligent Irishmen in the State. He knows
that there are to be found in my town and in his
own, men of the highest character and respect-
ability belonging to tfie German and Irish
nationalities who are hearty workers in the
Republican cause, and have been so, and most
emphatically so, since the first gun was fired at
Sumter for the destruction of this Government.
Mr. VOORHEES. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot yield further out of
my five minutes. I have given my colleague
every opportunity to furnish his authority for
the statement he has made here.
Mr. VOORHEES. I want to ask the gen-
tleman how many Know-Nothing lodges he
lias organized.
Mr. ORTH. I cannot yield, and will not be
thus diverted from my purpose. Sir, this state-
ment of the gentleman is intended to go home
to be retailed by the cross-roads and grocery
politicians of Indiana. They are to howl out
that their Representative in Congress [Mr.
Voorhees] has said so and so, and of course
it must be true. They will prove it to be so
by simply reading his speech as published in
the Globe. They will declare that the Repub-
licans of Indiana, false to themselves, false to
the noble men of Irish and German blood who
have stood by them throughout the trying con-
test of the last ten years, now say, '• Go, you
Dutchmen ; go, you Irishmen ; we have ne-
groes enough now to do without you." My
colleague doubtless fancied that by this un-
just attack he and his friends might induce
a few voters to desert their present party affil-
iation ; but let me assure him that he is count-
ing without his host.
I have felt that it was due to the Republicans
of Indiana of foreign birth that this much should
be said by me. I have given my colleague
[Mr. Voorhees] an opportunity to state his
authority for the assertion he has made here.
He has referred me to the newspaper press.
I grant you that the Democratic press may
have made such statements; but I repeat that
no man belonging to the Republican party, in
Congress or out of it, here or elsewhere, no
newspaper of any kind advocating the princi-
ples of the Republican party, has ever made
any such statement; and thus I dispose of the
astertion made by my colleague, [Mr. Voor-
hees,] who has taken upon himself thus to
stigmatize the party that has had the control
of the government of his native State in their
hands for the last ten years, and which has in
all respects been faithful to the best interests
of our common constituency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, I am sorry to
prolong this debate, but I should be false to
the trust which my constituents have delegated
to me if I suffered the aspersions which the
distinguished gentleman from Indiana [Mr..
Voorhees] has allowed himself to utter upon
the fair fame of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent to pass without
some answer from me. The gentleman has
charged that the State of Massachusetts, in her
early history, burned witches at the stake, and
that in the years 1854 and 1855 she burned
convents of the Catholics and Sisters of Charity,
within her borders. Sir, both of those charges
are utterly false. No human being was ever
burned at the stake within the limits of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Mr. VOORHEES. That is not true.
Mr. HOAR. It is true that two hundred
years ago, when the whole civilized world
believed that witchcraft was a crime, following
the law as they received it from the mother
country, on the authority of certain passages
in the Old Testament, the courts of Massachu-
setts did condemn and execute some nineteen
or twenty persons of both sexes for the alleged
crime of witchcraft. But it is also true that
first among men the people of Massachusetts
saw the error and wickedness of what they had
done in that regard. It was their love of jus-
tice and their intelligence which first exposed
the error and wickedness of punishing human
beings for that alleged crime. The ministers
of the Gospel, the witnesses, and the counsel
formed almost a penitential procession, and
asked pardon of God and of their neighbors
for having done those things.
The distinguished chiefjustice, Sewell, stood
up in his place in the house of God, with bared
head, and acknowledged that as an error
which his contemporary, Sir Matthew Hale,
failed to see the wickedness of while he pre-
sided over the courts of England. And in a
diary kept by Chief Justice Sewell, opposite
the record of those trials, are to be found these
words of Latin interjection and sorrow, Vos I
valval"—woe! woe! woe! It is true that all
mankind punished witchcraft, and Massachu-
setts for a time shared in the errorand delusion ;
but it is also true that first of all mankind
the people of Massachusetts saw the error and
the crime, and repented. Now, sir, who is he,
with the words of Christian charity on his lips,
who stands up here, two hundred years after
these things occurred, and taunts his ancestors
and mine 
Mr. VOORHEES. Not mine.
Mr. HOAR with a crime which they so
nobly repented of?
Mr. Chairman, it is not true that in the year
1854 or 1855 anybody within the limits of Mas-
sachusetts burned a Catholic convent or a
Catholic institution oflearning. In 1834, thirty-
six years ago, a rumor spread one evening
through the streets of Boston of some terrible
cruelty said to have been practiced by the
Catholics in the neighboring convent of Charles-
town upon some young women who had been
placed there. A mob was raised ; and some
wicked men, such as are always found in large
cities, set fire to that convent. What did Mas-
sachusetts do? She arrested, tried, sentenced,
and punished the criminals; and the crime is
no more to be imputed to her than any crime ,
that ever ha3 been committed within the limits ,
of any civilized community is to be imputed
to the authorities which have punished it.
It is true also that in the year 1855 the peo-
ple of Massachusetts shared the prevailing delu- !
sion that the admission of foreigners to equality 1!
of representation in this Government was dan-
gerous to our institutions; and that Common-
wealth placed in her constitution a clause i
requiring such persons to reside in the State j
two years after naturalization before they should j
be admitted to exercise the privileges of citi- ]
zenship. No power on earth could have struck -
that clause from the constitution of Massachu- !
setts if she had not seen fit to do it herself. '
Yet notwithstanding the fact that every man ;|
affected by it, every voter who would be ad- [
raitted by its abrogation would vote against the j
dominant party in the State, the Common- !
wealth of Massachusetts, thinking the matter jj
over, determined that such a measure of exclu- j |
sion was unwise and inconsistent with those ||
doctrines of civil liberty to which through all :{
her history she was pledged, she said, " These I;
men, although they differ from the great body ji
of our citizens, ought to be politically their
equals." In this spirit Massachusetts, of her
own motion, voluntarily and because it was
right, struck out this clause, which in her
judgment invaded the great principles of con-
stitutional liberty.
I wish simply to say in conclusion that in
the face of this history of Massachusetts it
does not become the political friends of the
men who burned alive our soldiers at Fort
Pillow, of the men who burned the orphan
asylum in New York, who hung negroes upon
lamp-posts 
[Confusion, and cries of " Order I "]
Mr. VOORHEES. Order! order! Every
word the gentleman says is false, and he knows
it. [Renewed cries of "Order 1"]
Mr. HOAR for no other reason than
because they were defenseless, because they
were loyal, and because they vcere black, to
taunt her before the Representatives of the
American people.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
stale his point of order; but before he pro-
ceeds the Chair must insist that order shall be
restored in the Hall.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the words just
uttered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] be taken down.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Nobody will be recog-
nized until order is restored. [After a pause.]
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevexs] demands that the words just uttered
by the gentleman from Indiana be taken down.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
insist that the language of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] shall also be taken
down, because it was the provocation to the
insult, if there was any such thing.
Mr. STEVENS. That may be all right,
after my point of order has been decided.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to say a
word; and I hope no words will be "taken
down " till I have done so.
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing is in order
except the reporting of the words wliick the
gentleman from New Hampshire asks shall be
taken down.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw any demand of that sort.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New Hampshire insist on his demand?
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say a single word.
I have only insisted upon this because 
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well. Then I insist
upon the words being taken down.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the only business
in order is for the reporter to reduce to writ-
ing the words uttered by the gentleman from
Indiana.
Several Members, (to Mr. Voorhees. ) With-
draw them.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not withdraw any-
thing. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] said that I was the political friend
of men who burned orphan asylums. Of course
I do not retract anything.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana will please be seated. The Chair
desires that order shall be restored, so that the
proceedings may be somewhat methodical, if
not logical. [Laughter.] The reporter will
reduce to writing the language of the gentle-
man from Indiana, that it may be read by the
Clerk.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to make an
explanation, with a view to withdrawing my
demand.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. If the Chair will indulge
me for a moment 
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman does not
withdraw what he said.
Mr. VOORHEES. All I have to say is, let
my words be taken down.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I have only submitted this
motion from a sense of duty.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to the gentleman
going on.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The words, as taken down by the reporter, will
be read by the Clerk.
Mr. COX. I move also that the words be
taken down which gave tjie provocation for the
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana. In
the French Chamber or in the English Parlia-
ment the gentleman from Massachusetts wou.d
have been called to order ior them at once.
[Criesof "Order!" "Order!"]
