434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
necessarily require that every man not guilty
of crime shall be admitted to the ballot, how,
then, would the doctrine advocated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio be enforced ? Suppose that
Virginia should after being admitted to rep-
resentation adopt some act not in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, but in
derogation of some act of Congress, would the
gentleman from Ohio demand that the mem-
bers who had been admitted as Representatives
from that State should be unseated because the
State had violated some notion of his ? If that
question was presented to a Democratic Con-
gress the answer would be, " No ; we will do
no such thing; for the government of the State
is republican in form." I ask, then, where is
the remedy ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to put an
inquiry to my colleague. If a State should
change its constitution in a manner conflicting
with any constitutional law of Congress, where
is your remedy? It is in the courts, is it
not?
Mr. LOGAN. That, according to my un-
derstanding, is the only place where a remedy
can be had.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely; the courts
would declare that part of the State constitu-
tion invalid.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then does not the
whole question after all resolve itself into this:
whether Congress has the right to pass the law ?
Mr. LOGAN. That is the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And if Congress
has the right to impose conditions, those con-
ditions are to be enforced through the courts,
are they not?
Mr. LOGAN. That is the only way in
which laws can be enforced, as I understand
it, unless you enforce them by the bayonet.
That was the point I was trying to get at all
the time when I asked the gentleman what
was the penalty. It'was not because I was
opposed to the principle and the power of the
bill. I asked him to tell me what was the
penalty imposed in this bill, and he has not
yet answered the question. He does not say
that Virginia should not have Senators and
members upon these floors ; he does not say
that she should not any longer be a State in
this Union. He says nothing of the kind ; but
he tells us there is power given to Congress to
enforce this law. There is power now in the
Congress of the United States to enforce the
Constitution and the laws. You have the legal
and the physical power, and you may enforce
them by the exercise of the physical power
of the Government. But, Mr. Speaker, the
question still is what is the penalty attached
to this bill ? What is it you propose to enforce ?
You do not impose any penalty. You merely
enforce mere dicta, and this bill, if passed into
law, will carry with it no penalty at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me for a few minutes
longer.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to extend every courtesy
to the gentleman from Illinois, and if he will
state how much time he wants I will answer
him.
Mr. LOGAN. Two minutes longer is all that
I ask for.
Mr. WOOD. I will yield to the gentleman,
then, for two minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, let us see how
this matter stands. The gentleman says that
if you desire to enforce the law you may do
so. There are different modes of enforcing
the law. If a State should secede from the
Union you may then enforce the law. How?
By war upon its citizens to compel them to
obedience. When a State secedes, you enforce
the law by force of arms. What do you
enforce ? You enforce compliance with your
views in reference to the law, and that is all.
I would make it imperative that certain con-
ditions should be enforced in the case of fail-
ure on the part of Virginia.
The point I wish to make is this. I say
that this Congress will not always be composed
of a majority of the Republican party. No
party organization can always hold control of
this country. Parties will always be doing
something which will lead the people to change
one for the other. I am aware that the Repub-
lican party has held power for a long while,
and I hope that it will continue in power for
many years to come. So long as the Repub-
lican party has a majority, it will enforce its
own opinions, and impose whatever proper
penalties may be desired; but when power
shall pass into the hands of the other party,
the guarantee of the Constitution that each
State shall have a republican form of govern-
ment will amount practically to nothing. If
Virginia is admitted to-morrow, you say that
she shall not pass a law disfranchising certain
people. Suppose we do not pass the fifteenth
amendment, and that at the next election the
people should return a majority of Democrats,
and that Virginia should change her consti-
tution, let me ask how Congress will then
enforce this particular portion of the Consti-
tution upon Virginia ? A member from Vir-
ginia will rise and say, "Mr. Lawrence,
Ohio must allow all her people to vote before
Virginia can be carried out of the Union."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
FEANK ABRAMS, OF UOCKAWAY.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas on the night of Sunday, January 2, tho
American sohooner Statesman was wrecked on Kock-
away beach. Long Island, and in an heroic and suc-
cessful attempt to rescue tho crew of said vessel
Frank Abrams, of Rockaway, one of tho erew of the
life-boat from the Government life-saving station^
on that boaeh, whilo in the actual effort to snatch
from death a sinking fellow-man, fell overboard and
was himself drowned, leaving a wife and one child
in straitened circumstances; and whereas similar
instances of gallant self-sacrifice in the cause of
humanity have heretofore occurred on the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey, where these life-sav-
ing stations are located; Therefore.
lie it resolved. That tho Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of reporting abill granting a suit-
able pension to tho widow of tho said Frank Abrams
during the continuance of her widowhood; and also
further to consider the propriety and advisability of
a gonoral bill granting pensions to all such members
of tho crews oi life-saving stations on tho said coasts
as shall hereafter lose their own lives in similar
efforts to save the lives of others.
There was no objection ; and the preamble
and resolution were referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
NAMES OF NAVAL-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llesolved. That the Secretary of tho Navy be di-
rected to inform this House whether the names of
any naval-built vessels have been changed; if so,
their names, the names which have beensubstituted,
and by what authority of law the change has been
made.
CHANNEL-WAY OUTSIDE SANDY HOOK.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to ;
Whereas the steamer Scotia, on the 29ih of Novem-
ber, 1869, ran into and sunk the pilot-boat A. T.
Stewart in the main channel-way outside of Sandy
Hook, being the main channel-way entrance to the
port of New York:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House whether the wreck of the
pilot-boat A. T. Stewart is an obstruction in said
channel-way, and if so, the cost for removing tho
same.
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of Virginia to represent-
ation in Congress.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, so far as the
general propositions and principles contained
in the measure before the House now under
consideration are concerned, I apprehend that
it will be very difficult to say anything new.
The general principles involved in the recon-
struction measures of Congress, and indeed all
of the questions of a general character that
would naturally arise in a discussion upon this
bill, I think have been already completely ex-
hausted. I have not, therefore, taken the
floor with the view of entering upon any such
discussion. Indeed, I should not have attempted
to speak at all upon this question but for the
fact that I am a member of the committee
which has reported this bill, and that I desire
to say something about the bill itself. There-
fore the remarks that I intend to deliver to the
House at this time will be confined entirely to
the bill reported by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] from the Committee on
Reconstruction.
The bill is entitled1! An act to admit the State
of Virginia to representation in the Congress
of the United States," with certain conditions.
The conditions are that certain oaths shall
be taken by all officers, civil or military, of the
State, and that the constitution which the peo-
ple of that State have adopted in pursuance of
the reconstruction acts of Congress shall never
be altered, amended, or repealed, except in
certain respects where it imposes upon this
constitution additional provisions of a very
grave and serious character. And there is the
additional condition that the United States
Senators who have been already elected by
this Legislature shall be considered as having
been elected legally, that that election is
valid, and that in consequence the Senate of
the United States must accept as Senators the
persons so elected. That, sir, is the bill which
the committee have reported.
Now, sir, I propose to submit my objections
to this measure which I cannot vote for or sus-
tain , in the form of certain propositions. I shall
not attempt to elaborate those propositions.
I shall not attempt to deprive other gentlemen
upon this side of the House who very rarely
have an opportunity of discussing fully a great
question like this, of their share of the limited
time to be allowed for this debate. I shall
confine myself, therefore, simply to presenting
to the consideration of the House certain prop-
ositions, all bearing upon the bill itself, and all
going to show that it should not in its present
form be adopted by Congress.
My first proposition is, sir, that this bill
should not become a law because no act of
Congress is necessary to admit Virginia to rep-
resentation in Congress ; the Constitution pro-
vides for this, and Congress has no power over
the question. Sir, Virginia is one of the ori-
ginal States. She came not in by treaty, nor by
purchase, nor by annexation, nor by act of
Congress, as the new States have come in.
She was here originally, one of the high con-
tracting parties that made your Government.
She was an integral portion, part and parcel
of the Government itself in its original con-
struction and organization. She is, sir, 1' the
Old Dominion." It was on her territory that
the flag of rebellion was first raised. Twenty-
five years before the Declaration of Independ-
ence by the colonies Virginia raised the flag
of revolt, and publicly declared her right to
independence. Virginia by her genius, pa-
triotism, and military and civil power did more
than any other State to gain your independence.
Her statesmen framed your form of govern-
ment. Her chieftain led your revolutionary
army and presided over the Convention that
adopted your Constitution. She was in, under
the original Articles of Confederation, anterior
to the Constitution, and it was Madison and
his compeers in the Convention that framed
this instrument under which we now exist as a
national compact.
Sir, I deny the right of two thirds of the ex-
isting States of this Union to-day, which are
the creation of Congress, coming in by acts of
