im
T£fi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
This House certified, by admitting these States
to representation, that they had conformed to
the conditions. Why not break them up to-
day? Why not pass a bill as to the other five
States?
My learned friend and colleague [Mr. Law-
rence] on Saturday made the impression on
tny mind, and I fear he made the impression
on this House, that under and by virtue of the
reconstruction act of 1867 no one of the six
States named in the actof 1868could be admit-
ted to representation by the, separate action of
the two .Houses without further aud other legis-
lation than that embodied iu that act. How
does it come then, sir, that we did not have
that further and other legislation now for the
first time claimed as to Alabama? How does
it come that we , did not have it as to South
Carolina? How does it come that we did not
have it as to North Carolina? .Haw does it
come that we did not have it as to Florida ?
How does it come that we did not have it as
to Louisiana? There is not a line on your
statute-book of that nature with reference to
those States. But here and now the House is
asked to stultify itself by spying that.under the
act of 1868, by virtue-of which, on the per-
formance of the condition^, this House and the
Senate, acting separately, did admit represent-
atives from five of these States, the Senate
•cannot be permitted to do the same as to the
sixth. Now, if my colleague thinks there is
any such statute, save the act of 1868, author-
izing the Senate to .admit under that act Sena-
tors from those other fife Stales, let him name
it. There is no such act! Why, then, attempt
thus to stultify this House and insult this coun-
try by saying that the Senate of the United
States, with such an act as this on our statute-
book, is not at liberty to judge for itself who
have been elected, if any, to be Senators by
the Legislature of Georgia, and whether they
are qualified, and elected under the Constitu-
tion. Sir,, you hare no more right to. do this
thing than you have to abolish the Senate.
I admit that the Congress of the United
States by. law had the right to declare that a
constitutional and republican government had
been established by the people of Georgia,
and that the State had been restored to its
proper relations, and that it was. entitled to
representation on the performance of the con-
ditions named in the act of 1868. Congress did
do this by soiemn enactment, and you have
neve* repealed the law; and I trust in God,
until, something else occurs, yon never will be
called upon, to repeal that act. ,
J£r. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to put a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. I would rather have light
than question* [Laughter.] •
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think I will give the
fentleraan a little light, if he will allow me.
iet, rae ask-whether any question was made as
to those States to which the gentleman has rer
fe redy as to th# proper mode of admitting
them, aud fuTther, what would be the result
WW if this House should -admit Representa-
tives from the Bullock rfeodnstructed govern-
ment of Georgia, and the Setaats should admit
Senators fro« theAndy Jehnson reconstructed
government for that government elected Sen-
ators? . ; _ . .
Mr. BINGHAM. Th e, ge tlenan ise n tirely
tooprqfbuad -for himself. 1 can only answer
hja question in that grand ejaculation of the
great astrologer, Dominie Sampson, " Pro-
digious!',' [Laughter.] ,
Mr, LAWRENCE. That-is the best answer
you can givQ ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir;<it is the best
answer.-,.. It .is to be assumed,, as Chief Justice
Marshall once said of his court, that the court
to be presumed to know something.
1 he House of Representatives is competent to
decide for itself who have been elected, if any,
to the Forty-First Congress as fiebresent*'
fcvesfrora the State of Georgia. And when
the House decides it I do not know of any
tribunal, in the Senate Chamber or anywhere
else, save the great tribunal of the people,
that can review their judgment. I say the
same, sir, of the Senate. Why, the gentleman
would seem to intimate that this Constitution
of ours, this beautiful and wondrous creation,
this fabric of American empire, is at last dis-
covered to be a poor, weak, and wicked inven-
tion, and that it cannot be administered in the
mode prescribed without the aid of a joint
enactment by the respective Houses of Con-
gress.
I will answer my friend's question further.
Who ever before asked—I made that inquiry
some time ago, but the gentleman has only now
waked up from his Rip Van Winkle sleep—who
ever before asked the Houseof Representatives
to pass a law to authorize the Senate to admit
Senators when there was a law already on the
statute-book declaring the right of the State to
| representation ? In no case whatever was this
heretofore asked 1 I go further, sir, as the
gentleman has chosen to put me on my mettle.
I want to know what is to become of Florida,
what is to become of Louisiana, what is to
become of Alabama, what is to become of
South Carolina, what is to become of North
Carolina, if his suggestions are accepted as
embodied in this bill? Those States are all
included in the act of 1868. If the Senate
should conclude some of these days to expel
every single member they have received from
those States and admit members elected under
Andrew Johnson's governments, what are yon
going, to do about it? [Laughter.] What
business is it of yours or mine ? None in the
world.
Mr. Speaker, I have not strength to read the
several acts, to the House. I have collated
them and they lie upon my desk. I ask the
House to refer to them and see whether I speak
truly this day, for by the law, its letter .and
spirit, I abide. What now becomes of that
long-drawn-out and finely attenuated theory
of my colleague [Mr. Lawrence] io hia elab-
orate written essay of Saturday, which he read,
that by the act of 1867 Georgia could- have bo
representation until Congress declared that she
had ar constitutional government and waa enti-
tled to representation ? Congress has so de-
clared by theactof 1868. The gentleman dwelt
with emphasis upoa the words of the act of
1867, " until that right is declared by law."
That right was declared by law. By the act
of June 25,1868, it was expressly declared that
"Georgia is hereby declared entitled to be
admitted to representation in the Congress of
the United States upon her compliance with
, the following conditions," to wit, the ratifica-
tion of the fourteenth amendment and the
i assent of the Legislature of that State to other
i requirements touching certain provisions of
i her constitution. A committee of this House
made solemn report that Georgia had complied
with all- these requirements, and the House
affirmed the report without a dissenting vote.
Oh, bat, say gentlemen, you passed the act
of December 22, 1869. Mr. Speaker, it was
left for this astute railroad manager ia Geoagia
(Governor Bullock) to find out that he was not
Governor of Georgia after all, although he
had been acting as Governor of Georgia for
two years. It was left for him, after the pas-
sage of that act, to fiad out that the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, described in that act as "the
Legislature of Georgia," was not the Legisla-
ture of Georgia; that it was only a " provis-
ional Legislature," and he was only a "provis-
ional governor," and that there had been in
fact and in law no government in Georgia. |
Mr. Speaker, all this had been decided other- j
wise by Congress by a solemn law; it had been !
decided otherwise by the General of the Army, :
now the President of the United States, by sol- I
eran official act. Mr. Bullock found the railroad :
would not work as well as it used to do if the 1
people of Georgia were permitted to elect their
own Legislature in the year 1870, being one of
th# "every two years " named in the coastitu- 1
tion of the State, and he wants to have Con-
gress continue the Legislature for two years
longer.
Now, I apprehend that if you pass this bill
Governor Bullock will discover in a week, as
he did in about a week after the passage of the
act of the 22d of December last, that the gov-
ernment of Georgia is only a "provisional
government," and that the people of Georgia
have no right to elect Representatives and
Senators in 1870 or for two years to come. He
knows there are vacancies in this House. Why
did he not issue his writ for elections to fill
these vacancies? He knows that Georgia lias
held no election for Representatives in the
Forty-First Congress. Why did he not obey
his oath and the express requirement of the
Constitution of our country, and issue hia writ
for an election to fill the vacancies that have
happened in Georgia? Mr. Speaker, it is a
bald attempt on his part to deny to the people
the right to representation in Congress, when
it is written upon your statute-book, written,
as I have said, in the act of 1868, and written
in the act of 1869, and written as well in the
Constitution of the United States, that he shall
issue writs of election to fill these vacancies.
Now, I ask the attention of the House to the
fact that the act of December 22,1869, is only
an act in aid of the act of 1868. I venture the
assertion here, and I ask the attention of gen-
tlemen to what I say, that pending the passage
of the act of December 22, 1869, no man inti-
mated in debate that it was other than an act
in aid of the State organization already exist-
ing to make the State of Georgia republican
in fact, as the State had been declared by the
act of 1868 in law to have agovernment repub-
lican in form. If any man intimated anything
to the contrary in that debate I want to know
who he was. It is true that the title of the
act of December last is "an aot to promote
the reconstruction of the State of Georgia."
Bat everybody knows that the title of an act
in bo manner fetters or controls the effect of
the text of the law. .
The law of December 22,1869, provides first
that the Governor of the State of Georgia is
authorised and directed to summon by procla-
mation the persons elected to the General
Assembly of the State of Georgia, as appears
by the .proclamation of Major General George
G. Meade, the general commanding. Wbo
thought of calling it the " provisional General
Assembly" of the State? What did we care
about any.'[ provisional Assembly?" If your
act of 1867 and the acts supplemental thereto
were in force and operation did not gentlemen
know that it was expressly therein provided
that the general commanding the department
might dispose of and set aside "provisional
Assemblies," "provisional courts," "provis-
ional governors, and "provisional" every-
body else? What now becomes of that learned
written argument which we had on Saturday
last about the force and effect of the act of
1867 ? Sir, it was the General Assembly of the
State of Georgia that was summoned by the
act of 22d December last, the members wbo
were elected as indicated by the proclamation
of George Gk Meade, the general commanding
in Georgia, who himself made an official report
declaring that it was the dnly authorized "Gen-
eral Assembly" of the State of Georgia, and
who turned over everything tothe government
and control of the officials of the State of
Georgia in 1868.
Bat what I have said is not all of the act of
December 22, 1869. After providing that the
.General Assembly of Georgia should proceed
to organize npon taking the oath prescribed, it
provided further that the General Assembly
shoald be protected in their organization against
all such interference as that on the part of
Governor Bullock with his railroad agent. Mr.
Speaker, in saying this, it is not my purpose
by direction or indirection to caat the slightest
imputation or shadow of imputation upon the
gallant soldier, General Terry, who. was the*
