1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3635
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The only thing in order is for the Clerk to re-
port the words as taken down by the official
reporter.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to make
a single suggestion. j
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now
report the words to which exception has been ,
taken.
The Clerk read as follows : |
"Mr. Voobheks. Order! Order 1 Every word !
the gentleman says is falso, and he knows it."
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise in order to report the words to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order. •
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of i
order. I insist that the words of the gentle- !
man from Massachusetts shall be taken down.
Mr. COX. I have already made that demand,
and can quote precedents to sustain it.
Mr. KELSEY. The demand comes too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is only too late be- .
cause the other side of the House has the power
to prevent it. I
Mr. HALDEMAN. It is not too late, for
the call was made at the time. The call to
take down the words of the gentleman from j
Massachusetts was made by half a dozen mem- i
bers.
Mr. WOODWARD. The call was made by
half a dozen gentlemen around me. ,
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
New York make his demand in time?
Mr. COX. I did.
The CHAIRMAN. The word9*will be taken ,
down by the reporter and read by the Clerk.
Mr. JONESi of Kentucky. I desire to
make a single suggestion. [Cries of " Order 1"
" Order P'] '
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. [
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman cannot object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from !
New Hampshire is not in order.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. One question of order
is now pending, and the gentleman therefore ,
is not now in order. 1
Mr. BENTON. What is the decision of the
Chair on that point of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Hampshire makes the point of order that
the words of the gentleman from Indiana,
taken down by the official reporter and read in
the hearing of the House, are unparliamentary.
The Chair rules that the point is well taken,
and that the words used by the gentleman from
Indiana are not parliamentary.
Mr. COX. I now rise to the point of order
that the language uttered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts was unparliamentary, and
I ask that the words taken down by the reporter
at the time shall be read in the hearing of the
House.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of reporting the words of
the gentleman from Indiana to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion just now.
Mr. KELSEY. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the rule, and to ask that it
be read by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman in a moment. The Clerk will
bow read the words of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to which exception has been
taken.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr.HoAB." * * * * "I wish simply to
ffty in conclusion that in the face of this history of
Massachusetts it does not become the poli tical friends
"f the men who burned alive our soldiers at Fort
Pillow, the men who burned the Orphan Asylum in
New i ork, who hung negroes upon lamp posts  
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on my motion that
the committee rise and report the words of the
gentleman from Indiana to the House. I call
for the reading of the rule under which I move
the committee rise.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Disorderly words spoken in a committee must be
written down as in the House; bat the committee
can only report them to the House for animadver-
sion."
Mr. KELSEY. I knew I was right in regard
to what was the rule bearing on this question.
I now insist on my motion.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. It is
this: that the reporters have not given the
whole of the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] They could not, .
in the confusion, catch it all, although it was
heard on this side of the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I call the gentleman to
order. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair directed the
words of the gentleman from Massachusetts
to be taken down. There is an allegation by
the gentleman who demanded that the words
should be taken down that the report is not as
we here understood the language to be. I
insist that before the committee rise the words
used should be ascertained and determined
by the committee. The reporters, it seems,
lost some of the words in the confusion. Let
the committee determine what the words were
before it rises.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise another point of
order: that business has intervened after the
gentleman from Massachusetts made use of
the language in question, and that it is there-
fore too late to take notice of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
overruled that point of order. The Clerk will
again report the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and the Chair will rule
upon it.
j Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
i of order.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
1 decide one point at a time.
Mr. COX. I rise to make a parliamentary
i inquiry. Do I understand the Chair to have
I ruled that it is parliamentary for a member of
; this House to call other members friends of
i traitors .and assassins?
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule upon
no points of order and answer no parliamentary
inquiries until the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, as taken down by the
reporter, has again been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr.HoAK. Isimply wishtosayin conclusion that
in the face of this history of Massachusetts it does
not become the political friends of the men who
burned alive our soldiers at Fort Pillow, of the men
who burned the orphan asylum in New York, who
hung negroes upon lamp posts" 
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the Chair to rule upon
those words.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair.will make
this ruling: that the language is rather pungent,
but not unparliamentary. [Great laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise and report to the Housa the words of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Before that
motion is put I rise to a point of order.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
point of order 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mukden] is out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
another motion, which will take precedence of
the motion of the gentleman from New York.
I move that the committee now rise without
being instructed to make any report. I desire
to get rid of the whole thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois takes precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The rule, which has been read, says that the
committee must make this report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
that the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois takes precedence of the motion of the
gentleman from New York.
The question was put on Mr. Fauns worth's
motion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose : and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ixger-
soll reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, according to order
of the House, had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the spe-
cial order, House bill No. 1604, making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had coine to no reso-
lution thereon.
enrolled joint resolution.
Air. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution of the Senate of the following title ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 198) authorizing
the Secretary of War to place at the disposal
of the commissioners of quarantine, or other
proper authorities of the State of New York,
the steamer Illinois for quarantine purposes.
leave op absence.
Mr. ALLISON obtained leave of absence
till Tuesday next.
And then, on motion of Mr. CULLOM, (at
five o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: Concurrent resolutions
of the State Legislature of California, con-
cerning the establishment of a daily mail from
San Jos6 to Evergreen aud Alameda, in that
State.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Lewis
Masquerier and 17 others, citizens of East
Brooklyn, Long Island, prayiDg Congress to
enact a law to prevent the further absorption
of the public lands by railroads or other cor-
porations, &c.
By Mr. PORTER : The petition of John N.
Powell, of Henrico county, Virginia, praying
the removal of his legal and political disabil-
1 ities imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
| ments to the Constitution.
i By Mr. REEYTES : A memorial of a special
committee of the board of directors of the Ves-
sel-Owners' and Captains' Cooperative Asso-
ciation of New York, praying for an appropri-
ation to construct a breakwater off the entrance
to Port Jefferson harbor, on the south side of
Long Island sound.
By Mr. SARGENT : A memorial of mer-
chants of San Francisco, for a modification of
the revenue laws to facilitate the transmission
of foreign goods into and across the United
States.
i HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i Friday, May 20, 1870.
! The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the further read-
; ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
railroad land grant.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 638) ameudatory of
an act granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland,
in Oregon, approved Jnly 25, 1866, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
! ond time, and referred to the Committee on
! the Public Lands.
