1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
Lazvs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article treaty first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for sup-
port of smith and carpenter shop, and to pro-
vide the necessary tools therefor, per tenth
article treaty first July, eighteen hundred and
filty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
fanner, and a physician, who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
first J nly, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand one hundred dollars.
River Crows.
For this amount, to be expended for such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President from time to time may determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof;
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical at-
tendance, care for ana support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, thirty thousand dollars.
Rogue, Rivers.
For first of five installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, three thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty third November,
eighteen hundred and four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty eleventh October, eighteen hundred and
fo.ty-two, forty thousand dollars.
For second of five installments for support of
a physician and purchase of medicines, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
Forsecondof five installments for supplying
said tribes with tobacco and salt, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For survey of the reservation of the Sae
and Fox Indians of Mississippi, three thousand
dollars.
Saes and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annu-
ity, per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
live hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their biethren
West,J per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, "tobepaid
annually for the support of schools," as per
third article treaty of March twenty-first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per annum, *' to be
paid annually," forthesupportof theSeminole
government, as per third article treaty of March
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
one thousand dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eight-
een hundred and seventeen, five hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
iron and steel, to be applied as stipulated in
seventh article treaty of February twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, six hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eight-
een hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dol-
lars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-,
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, three thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from Ontario bank to the United States Treas-
ury, per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, two thousand one hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
iron and steel, one thousandaud sixty dollars.
Senecas, Mixed Senecas, and Shawnees, Qua-
paws, Confederated Peorias, Kaskaskias,
Weas, and Piankeshaws, Oltaioas of Blanch-
ard's Fork, and Roche dc Bccuf, and certain
Wyandoltes.
For this amount to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles as the Pres-
ident may from time to time determine, includ-
ing insurance and transportation thereof, in
instructing in agricultural andmechanical pur-
suits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
two thousand dollars.
For the amount required to defray the ex-
penses of the examination and report of sales
of land assigned and patented to incompetent
Wyandottes, under the treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and fifty live, as required by the fifteenth
article, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For this amount to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to fulfill the provisions of the
twelfth article of the treaty with the Senecas,
Mixed Senecas,Shawnees, and Quapaws, ninety
thousand dollars, to be paid personally to each
claimant, or his heir, according to tribal usage,
pro rata on the awards, as set forth in report
of commissioners dated April twenty-five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, excluding
therefrom the claim (number one hundred and
sixty-four) of Meskarte fortwelve thousand five
hundred and thirty-one dollars and seventy-five
cents, which is hereby rejected.
For this amount to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaty concluded with the confederated
bands of Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, aud Pian-
keshaws, on the twenty-third day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, which con-
templates the withdrawal from said confeder-
ation of such of its members as may elect to
become citizens of the United States, and the
payment to such withdrawing members their
proportion of the common fund of said of said
confederation, thirty thousand five hundred and
twenty-two dollars and six cents, for the pur-
pose of paying fifty-five members who have
signified their intention and taken the neces-
sary steps required for such withdrawal, which
sum shall be deducted from the money credits
of such confederated bands. And the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed
to make a,n equitable and just division of all
stocks held by the United States in trust for
said confederated bands between those who
have elected to become citizens and those who
retain their tribal relation, and sell the portion
awarded to the citizen part of said band-*; and
both which sums shall be applied by said Sec-
retary in satisfying the claims of sueh members
of said confederate bands as have thus signified
their desire to become citizens, as stipulated
and provided in said treaty.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur*
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
Forpermanent annuity, in specie, for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty twenty-
ninth September, eighteen hundred and seven-
teen and third article treaty tenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty
thousand dollars, for educational purposes, per
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Shoshones—Western Bands.
For seventh of twenty installments, to be
expended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, fiva
thousand dollars.
Eastern Bands.
For seventh of twenty installments, to be
expended, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, in the purchase of such articles as he
may deem suitable to their wants, either as
hunters or herdsmen, per fifth article treaty
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
ten thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For seventh of twenty installments, to be
expended, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, in the purchase of such articles as he
may deem suitable to their wants, either as
hunters or herdsmen, per third article treaty
July thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty -
three, five thousand dollars.
Goship Band.
For seventh of twenty installments, to be
expended, under direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including cat-
tle for herding or other purposes, as he shall
deem suitable to their wants and condition as
hunters or herdsmen, one thousand dollars.
Shoshones and Bannocks.
For surveying or running the external lines
of the reservation to be set apart for the Sho-
shones, as per second article of the treaty of
July three, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For erection of warehouse for storing goods,
residence for physician, agency building, five
buildings for carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, (to cost not exceeding two
thousand dollars each,) school house or mis-
sion building, erection of steam circular saw-
mill, with grist-mill and shingle-machine
