1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5528
States for thirty years from the date of tlieir issue,
and bearing interest at the rate of four per cent, per
annum ; all of which said several classes of bonds,
and the interest thereon, shall be exempt from the
payment of all taxes or duties of the United States,
as well as from taxation in any form by or under
State, municipal, or local authoiity; and the said
bonds shall havo set forth and expressed upon their
fnce the above specified conditions, and shall, with
their coupons, be made payable at the Treasury of
the United States. But nothing in this act, or in any
other law now in force, shall be construed to author-
ize any increase whatever of the bonded deist of the
United States.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and
dispose of any of the bonds issued under this act, at
not less than their par value for coin, and to apply
the proceeds thereof to the redemption of any of the
bonds of the United States outstanding, and known
as five-twenty bonds, at their par value, or he may
exch ange thesame for such live-twenty bonds, par for
par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall be used for
no other purpose whatsoever. And a sum not exceed-
ing one half of one per cent, of the bonds herein
authorized is hereby appropriated to pay the expense
of preparing, issuing, advertising, and disposing of
thesame .
Sec. 3. And beitfurtker enacted, That the payment
of any of the bonds hereby authorized after the ex-
piration of the said several terms of ten, fifteen, and
thirty years, shall be made in amounts to be determ-
ined from time to time by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury at his discretion, the bonds so to be paid to be
distinguished and described by the dates and num-
bers, beginning for cach successive payment with
the bonds of each class last dated and numbered, of
the time of which intended payment or redemption
the Secretary of the Treasury shall give public notice,
and the interest on the particular bonds so selected
at any time to be paid shall cease at the expiration
of three months from the date of such notice.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorised with any
coin in the Treasury of the United States which he
may lawfully apply to such purpose, or which may
be derived from the sale of any of the bonds, the
issue of which is provided for in this act, to pay at
par, and cancel any six per cent, bonds of the Uni-
ted States of the kind known as live-twenty bonds,
which have become or shall hereafter become re-
deemable by the terms of their issue. Bat the par-
ticular bonds so to be paid and canceled shall in all
eases be indicated and specified by class, date, and
number, in the order of their numbers and issue,
beginning with the first numbered and issued, in
public notice to be given by tbe Secretary of the
Treasury, and in three months after the date of such
public notice the interest on tho bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, at any
time within two years from tho passage of this act,
to receive gold com of the United States on deposit
for not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than
$100, with the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treasurer
of the United States authorized by the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive the same, who shall issue
therefor certificates of deposit, made in such form as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and
said certificates of deposit shall bear interest at a
rate not exceeding two and a half per cent, per an-
num; and any amount of gold coin so deposited may
be withdrawn from deposit at any time after thirty
days fiom the date of deposit, and after ten days'
notice and on the return of said certificates: Pro-
vided, That the interest on all such deposits shall
cease and determine at the pleasure of the Secretary
of the Treasury. And not less than twenty-five per
cent, of the coin deposited for or represented by said
certificates of deposits shall be retained in the Treas-
ury for the payment of said certificates; and the
excess beyond twenty-five per cent, may be applied,
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to the payment or redemption of such outstand-
ing bonds of the United States heretofore issued and
known as the five-twenty bonds, as hemaydesignafe
under the provisions of the fourth section of this act;
and any certificates of deposit issued as aforesaid
may be received at par with the interest accrued
thereon in payment tor any bonds authorized to be
issued by this act.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted. That tbe United
States bonds purchased and now he'd in the Treas-
ury in accordanco with the provisions relating to a
sinking fund, ot section five ol the act entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States," approved
February 25, 1S62, and all other United States bonds
which have been purchased by the Secretary of the
Treasury with surplus funds in the Treasury, and
now held in the Treasury of the United States, shall
be canceled and destroyed, a detailed record of such
bonds so canceled and destroyed to be first made in
the books of the Treasury Department. Any bonds
hereafter applied to said sinking fund, and all other
United States bonds redeemed or paid hereafter by
the United States shall also in like manner be re:
corded, canceled, and destroyed, and the amount ol
the bonds of each cbiss that have been canceled and
destroyed shall be deducted respectively from the
Amount of each class of the outstanding debt of the
United States. In addition to other amounts that
may be applied to the redemption or paymentof the
public debt, an amount equal to the interest on all
bonds belonging to the aforesaid sinking fund shall
be applied, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
"rom time to time direct, to the payment of th« pub-
lic debt as provided for in section five of the act
aforesaid. And the amount so to be applied is here-
by appropriated annually for that purpose out of the
receipts for duties on imported goods.
They further recommend that tbe title be amended
so it will read "An act to authorize the refunding
of the national debt."
And the House agree to the same.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
SAMUEL HOOPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
CHARLES SUMNER,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should vote
down this report, will the subject stiil be open
to further conference with the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. That will be for tbe House
.to determine.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the previous
question and yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] who desires to ask
me a question.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as I am ablo to
understand this further report, it removes from
the bill the objection of coercing the new
banks to take four, four and half, and five per
cent, bonds as deposit with the Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. That section is entirely
left out.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to another feature of
this bill. The bill reported by the former com-
mittee of conference proposed that one half of
one per cent, of the entire amount of the
$1,500,000,000of bonds shall be at the disposal
of the Secretary of the Treasury for paying for
the printing of the bonds, and also for the
advertising of them. I find that the phraseology
of the bill as reported to-day is somewhat
changed from that of yesterday, and that it
confers upon the Secretary the further right to
expend of this half of one per cent, commission
any amount that he may see fit for disposing
of the bonds, and therefore this is really a
proposition to give away $7,500,000 in these
commissions. According to my judgment, that
is altogether excessive, for I believe that one
tenth of one per cent, would be sufficient to pay
for printing those bonds, and one eighth of one
per cent, would be sufficient to pay for adver-
tising them.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not so much a
question as it is an argument. However, so far
as the interrogative part of it is concerned, I
would say to the gentleman that he is mistaken ;
that there is not the difference of one word or
one letter in that respect between this report
and the one which was made on yesterday. The
one I sent up to-day is taken from the Globe
this morning. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN". I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Should this report be not
agreed to, can the House then ask for a further
conference on this subject?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. HOLMAN". Then I will withdraw my
motion to lay the report on the table, and ask
for the .yeas and nays on the question of agree-
ing to the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 139, nays 54,
not voting 37 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler,Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwond, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Boyd, George II. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buifinton,
Burebard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler.Cako,Cessna,
Churchill', Sidney Clarke. William T. Clark, Aniasa
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Covode, Cowles,Cullo;n,
Dari all, llavis, Dawes, Dcgeuer.Bickey.Dixon, Don-
ley, Baval, Ela.Farnsworth.ferriss, Jerry,Fmkem-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, GiMllan, Hamilton.
Harris Hawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill. Hoar, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Jenckes. Jud;l, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Retcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard. McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H.-Mooro, Jesse
H-Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.Mor-
rell, Myers, Negley O'Neill, Orth.Packard, Packer,
game. Palmer, Peck, Perec, Peters. Phelps, Poland,
Porter, Prpsser. Rogers, Roots. Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, fechenck, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
mgton C. Smith. William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twicbell, Tyner. Upson, Van Horn,
Van Wyck. Ward, William B, Washburn. Welker,
Wheeler. Whitmore, Wilkinson. Willard, Williams.
JohnT. Wilson, and Witcher—139.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beatty.Beck, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hay, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek, Mc-
Kenzie, Morgan, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman. Booker, Bowen,
Benjamin F. Butler, Clinton L.Cobb, Conner, Doek-
ery, Dox, Dyer, Gibson, Haldeman, Hale, Hawkins,
Hoge, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, JMeKee, Mc-
Neoly. Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Miih-
gen. Newsham, Niblack, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridsrway,
Scofield, Shober, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strader,
Strong, Van Auken, Wallace, Cadwalader O. Wash-
burn, and Winans—37.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
During the call of the call,
Mr. McNEELY said; On this question I
am paired with Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina.
If he were present he would vote " ay " and I
would vote "no."
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment the bill (H.
R. No. 2109) to establish a port of delivery at
Kansas City, Missouri.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution and bills of the
following titles, with amendments, iu which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) for the
relief of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriman,
of Hartford, Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 1986) to extend the pro-
visions of the preemption laws to the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. K. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution
providing for printing three thousand extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for 1869, for the use
of the Senate, and six thousand for the use
of the House, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House :
A bill (S. No. 818) for the relief of the Ken-
tucky University;
A bill (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal and
political disabilities of M. C, Butler, of South
Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 1060) repealing an act grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to continue to use
in the postal service a certain invention and
device for postmarking of mail packages, and
for the more permanent cancellation of postal
stamps, and to make a just and equitable com-
pensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting
