1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2691
material which we produce in this country,
whether in the interior or elsewhere.
I will tell the gentleman that there is another
side to this story. I hold iti my hand many
remonstrances from Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky,
and other quarters upon the subject of jute,
insisting that the present tariff shall not be low-
ered. but if any change is made that it shall be
increased. Why ? Because these jute butts,
this product brought from Calcutta, comes in
direct competition with many things produced
in this country, and particularly with flax tow
and flax straw, and other forms of straw which
we can produce in this country for the manu-
facture of paper, and also for the manufacture
of coarse yarns for carpeting and for gunny
cloth. Now gentleman from the Bast cannot
see that point, though we out West begin to see
it. They think that from 35 to 80 per cent, is
not too much protection for anything that they
produce. But when it is proposed to give a
protection of 27 per cent, duty upon this ma-
terial which comes in direct competition with
any material which we can afford to sell to their
factories they think that is enormous.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
this article of jute butts worth?
Mr. SCHENCK. Jute butts with a duty at
$6 per ton has an ad valorem, duty of 27 per
cent. I admit that if the duty is raised to $10
per ton, then flax, flax straw, flax tow, hemp,
and such articles produced throughout the
country will have the advantage of a protec-
tion of about 40 per cent. And when gentle-
men from the East demand for themselves that
much protection and a great deal more, we of
the West cannot see why this material should
not be subjected to a duty of 40 per cent.,
when it comes in direct competition with that
which can be furnished in unlimited quantities
in the interior of the country. Why, sir, I
have seen hundreds and hundreds of tons of
flax out West, from which the seed had been
taken, burned up for the reason that these jute
butts were supplying the paper factories and
the coarse yarn factories, and we could get
no market for any of our material of this kind.
But there are now struggling into existence
in the West bagging factories and rope facto-
ries and factories for the use of this material
in various ways, which will be prostrated and
completely paralyzed, if gentlemen insist upon
giving no protection to this material which we
produce and desire to have made up at home,
and thus save it where it grows.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Strong] so as to reduce the duty to
$o per ton. I do so for the purpose of saying
that these jute butts imported into this coun-
try are used very extensively in making cotton
bagging, in which the South feels a peculiar
interest. I know of no better way to illus-
trate this process of manufacture than by ask-
ing the Clerk to read a letter which I hold in
my hand. It is a letter from a gentleman who
superintended the erection of the first jute
butts mill ever erected in this country, and who
superintended that mill for some ten years.
The Clerk read as follows:
Salem, Massachusetts, March 12,1870.
Sir: I haveseenaletter addressed to you December
19,18G9, by Chandler Robbins, esq., of New York, in
reference to the duty on gunny cloth, being a. reply
to so much of your report for the year 1869 as relates
to tha t subject. I am unable to coincide with Mr.
Robbins in his conclusions, and desire to submit the
reasons therefor in order that the consumers of this
material may not be misled.
I have been engaged in the manufacture of bagging
from jute butts tor the past ten years; devised and
pet into operation the first mill and machinery in
which butts were exclusively and successfully used;
have been engaged as superintendent in the con-
struction and operation of the two largest factories
in this State, and am thoroughly familiar with all
the details relating to its production.
Mr. Robbins on the seventh page of his lettersays:
" The season for selling bagging hero is from May
15 to November 15." The sales of bagging here did
not close until well into January, 1870, and up to that
time everyyard sold lorlargelyremunorativopriccs.
ilis btatement on page 9 in retercnec to the importa-
tion of jute butts needs this qualification, The largo
imports of tais material was due more on account of
its use in the manufacture of paper than its use as a
material from which to make cloth. In reference to
the statement on page 10, it is proper to say that cot-
ton bagging was largely manufactured in the western
btates twenty years since, of low quality hemp, flax,
and tow, and has been increasing ever since, and until
within ay ear or so this cheap hemp, flax, and tow was
w °""21material used for making bagging in the
west. Hut lately the western manufacturers have
discovered that they can transport jute butts from
the sea-board to Ohio, Missouri, Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky and make bagging at a greater profit than by
using the hemp, flax, and tow raised at their own
doors; consequently the present low price of jute
butts will oblige the farmer to dispose of his poor
material as he did before there were any manufac-
turers of bagging in his neighborhood, and that was
to burn it; tor at the sea-board where bagging is now
made such stock is not worth the transportation when
placed alongside of jute butts at the price they are
now sold. And as more than one half the bagging
now made in the States is made of this low quality
stock, I think it will be conceded that if it is forced
into tho fire by the importation of cheap jute the
farmer will be the loser to the fall amount he now
gets tor this poor material.
If the duty on gunny cloth were so reduced that it
could be sold for 5 cents less per yard than it is now
it would be a great advantage to the consumer and
would leave margin enough to the manufacturer here
to pay handsome prolits, unless the raw material ad-
vanced in price at least 50 per cent, above present
rates. Of the profit of manufacturing cloth in New
York I cannot say positively. 13ut for Massachu-
setts I can say that any bagging mill working jute
butts that does not clear above -10 per cent, per an-
num, taking the price of cloth and butts for 18GD as a
standard, must be^ a very poorly managed concern ;
and I know that if the duties remain as they arc, un-
less there should bo very large importations ot cJoth,
that the three mills in Massachusetts would double
that margin; and, as I know they expect asmali im-
portation of cloth and a much larger crop ot cotton
lor 1870 than for 3869, their expectations are that
baggiug will reach 35 or 40 cents peryard thecomiug
season, and it is now evident that a few years of mo-
nopoly such as they now have would enable them not
oniy to "stand up against a gradual reduction of the
duty," but to close their mills, and retire with a com-
petency.
During the I860 the price of jute butts ranged from
3i- to 31 cents per pound, currency. Jute bagging sold
here from 22 to 25 cents per yard, mostly for 24 to 25
cents, and it takes but 2^ pounds of stock for a yard
of cloth, weighing 2j- pounds, standard weight, and
the total expense of manufacturing does not exceed
5 cents; you may see there is a largo margin for prof-
its: 2i-poundsstockat3}cents,9jrcents; manufactur-
ing,5 cents; freight andselling, five eighths percent.;
makes theco&tof the cloth in the market 15 corns per
yard. Sold at an average price of 24 cents, profits S)
centsperyard;andout of thel7 porccnt. waste, out of
the2r pounds stock, at least one halt brings first cost
of stock for making coarse paper. Every loom that
1 put up in the last mill of which I was superintend-
ent average a little over 1,000 yards per week, steady
work through the year, which is 107 yards per day;
and could have made more, for I have had weavers
that have made 300 yards per day on any one of tho
same looms; and as it takes a capital of but$100,000 to
build,equip, andstartamill with241ooms, everything
new and in full operation, you can see there are large
prolits in making bagging of jute butts.
In reference to the statement, in reference to cost
of manufacture on page 11, section three of Mr. Rob-
bins's letter, X admit that it cost more three years
since than now, for tlieu the price paid for weav-
ing here was lj cents per y.ud ; now the piice paid
is 7i mills, and then the weavers could not aver-
age 100 yards per day. And the carding and spin-
ning have kept the same proportionate reduction of
cost and increase of finished work. Xliip is not owing
so much to perfection of machinery as to the opera-
tives getting educated to their work; and at these
figures the manufacsurers at that time, as now, kept
their operations as much as possible a secret, allow-
ing nono but owners to visit the mills, and capital-
ists then not in the business were very anxious to
get hold of it.
In all the mills now making bngging on the sea-
board, two in this city, ono in Charlenown, Massa-
chusetts, one in Brooklyn, New York, and two at
other places, the whole number of hands employed
does not exceed 600, most of them being boys and
girls of from fourteen to eighteen years of age, and
their pay averages about the s:iuie as that class of
help in cotton mills. And Mr. Robbins will have to
go outside the bagging mills to find the " thousands
who will be thrown out of employment" by the
reduction of duty proposed.
It must betaken in account that the bagging made
in the above-named mills brings in the market from
2 to 3 cents more than imported bagging, on account
of its superior quality and reliability in width and
weight, and we must conclude that tho manufactur-
ers can stand a large reduction of duty on foreign
bagging and still make good profits.
I am in favor of protection both to the manufac-
turer and to the agriculturist, and it seems to mo
that a duty as high as it is now only favors a veiy
few large capitalists who wish to be strict monopo-
lists, but is very much against the cotton grower who
uses this cloth and the farmer who raises hemp and
liax. I have written the above not "without fear of
contradiction," however, for 1 have no doubt that
these statements will be denied by all that arc now
making bagging of jute butts, although all the facts
I have stated can be readily proved; but to confirm
you in support of your recommendation that the re-
duction you propose will be an advantage to the
au manufacturing interest will
not suffer to such an extent as to oblige any one of
them to close their mills and stop work
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant
„ ,, . ... JOHN R. NORFOLK.
Hon. David A. Wells. v-u-u..
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, one of the most important questions
affecting the agricultural-portion of this coun-
try is to be decided by the action of the House
on this and the next two paragraphs. By the
pending paragraph jute butts are raised from
4>G a ton to $10 a ton, the duty being almost
doubled. Out of jute butts are made gunny
bags. You cannot well move corn in any other
bags than gunny bags, because the texture is
open and the corn does not heat. A cotton
bag, a flax bag, or a hemp bag heats the corn.
Hence gunny bags are used exclusively for
moving corn in the bag. Gunny cloth is ex-
clusively or almost exclusively used in baling
cotton. It is proposed to put a duty of more
than 100 per cent, on this raw material.
-The present tariff is almost a prohibition.
Let me illustrate. The importation of gunny
cloth has decreased fiom 75,000 bales in 1800
to less than 10,000 in 1809 ; and the importa-
tion ofgunny bags during the same period has
decreased from 13,000 bales to 2,000. The
loss of tonnage by this decrease is equivalent
to 40,000 tons.
_ Why do I speak upon this, which is the spe-
cial interest of gentlemen from the South and
the West, the agricultural portions of the coun-
try? Because the large importations of jute
butts, gunny cloth, and gunny bags, are made
in ships owned by gentlemen in my district,
and in Massachusetts generally. In other words,
they are largely concerned in the Calcutta trade.
In carrying on that trade the vessels are allowed
to take onlya certain amount of heavy freight;
they must take a large quantity of light freight
by measurement; and gunny bags, gunny cloth,
and jute butts, are the only light freight they
can get. The want of this light freight has
sent many an East India ship home half loaded.
Hence by this duty you strike down, in this
respect, the commerce of the country from
about 90,000 tons a year to about 15,000.
Besides that, you strike at very much more
than the mere raw material. You double the
price of every yard of gunny cloth in which
cotton is baled; you double the price of every
bag in which corn is transported.
Hence, tins is not a question to be lightly
passed upon. It is proposed to increase the
duty on jutebuttsfrom $6 to $10. The duty has
been almost prohibitory heretofore ; it will be
more than prohibitory it' this increase be made.
It will be observed that in the next paragraph
but one gunny cloth, gunny bags, and cotton
bagging are all put together at the same rate
of duty. What fairness is there in such an
arrangement? Gunny cloth costs about-t cents
a pound and cotton bagging about '25 cents a
pound. Why are these articles grouped to-
gether? It would look as if the object were
that cotton bagging and some other articles
embraced in the paragraph were expected to
carry through gunny bags and gunny cloth.
When we reach that paragraph I shall propose
that gunny bags and gunny cloths shall stand
by themselves, because the effect of the present
arrangement is to impose four times as great a
duty on gunny cloths as on cotton bagging.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
The amendment to the amendment, by unan-
imous consent,, was withdrawn.
Mr. WARD. I renew the amendment and
yield my time to the gentleman from Massa-
clmsetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to say a word further on this
subject in this form ; and for the opportunity
to do so I am indebted to my friend from jSow
York. This matter does not interfere in fact
