1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
Congress i'rom their original territorial condi-
tion—I deny the right of those twenty or
twenty-five States which v/ere not parties to
the original compact to sit in judgment upon
her condition under the circumstances at this
time. Sir, if these positions are not enough I
refer to the Constitution itself as my authority
for saying that Virginia needs no act of Con-
gress to entitle her to representation. Article
first of the Constitution, section two, declares
that each State shall have at least one Repre-
sentative in Congress, and tiiat until an enum-
eration or census shall have been taken certain
States named in the document itself shall have
representation in Congress, and Virginia, it is
declared in that section, shall have represent-
ation. Sir, if you regard this instrument,
which you propose to amend, you cannot now
in consequence of any act of her's deny her or
any other of the original thirteen States their
right to representation in the Congress of the
United States. That is my first proposition.
My second proposition is that inasmuch as
Virginia nor any other State can put herself
out of the Union, either by a successful rebel-
lion or by an attempted rebellion, the pretense
that she shall now be admitted is absurd. She
has never been out, could not get out, and
would not have been out of the Union consti-
tutionally had her resistance for the time being
been successful. That proposition, Mr. Speaker,
is predicated upon the theory upon which we
carried on the late war. The grand issue which
had been forming in this MJuntry from the
adoption of the Constitution, as to the sovereign
rights of States and the central power of this
Government, was fought upon the battle-field,
as gentlemen upon the other side frequently
informed us. The issue was made up, certain
southern States claimed the right and asserted
that they had the power to withdraw from the
Union. We of the North declared that there
was no such right, that they could not with-
draw, and that they should not withdraw. That
war the issue that was joined between the North
and the South in the late contest. Upon that
cry we rallied the soldiers of the North for the
Union. Upon that principle both Houses of
Congress passed unanimously, with one or two
exceptions, the celebrated Crittenden resolu-
tion at the very commencement of the war, to
the effect that the war was prosecuted upon our
sido to keep these States within the Union.
The South took up arms to go out of the Union.
They were vanquished upon the issue. We
then determined that they could not get out,
and therefore, being in the Union, they are
then entitled to the same rights as any other
States in the Union.
Sir, had we been told during that war that
these States, notwithstanding the continuance
of this bloody controversy, had succeeded in
placing themselves out of the Union, do you
think the people of the North and of the West
would have given their treasure and their best
blood in a fruitless effort to prevent what had
already been successful by the result, as now
declared by the theory and in the practice of
Congress, that those States were already out of
the Union? The South supposed when the war
ended that they were in the Union, but it now
turns out that they suddenly find themselves
out. They were out and did not know it.
My third proposition against the bill is that
admitting that neither of the above propositions
are well founded, and that notwithstanding her
status as a State at the formation of the Union
and at the adoption of the Constitution she
had committed a grievous offense by her par-
ticipation in the rebellion, yet, nevertheless,
she has ever since been recognized as a State
in full communion with the "loyal States'' by
several executive and congressional acts since
the late war, and having been thus recognized,
she is therefore still in the Union, and must be
accepted as one of the States accordingly.
Sir, I will not now repeat the arguments so
ably advanced yesterday by the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Morgan.] He
repeated there seriatim the different official acts
of our Government,, executive and legislative,
that during the entire period of the war recog-
nized Virginia as a State then and there in the
Union. The Government made a levy upon
the State of Virginia for troops—not West
Virginia, but old Virginia—for the loyal Army.
It levied taxes upon the State of Virginia for
the loyal Treasury. The State of Virginia was
divided by act of Congress; a thing which under
the Constitution of the United States could not
be done except by the consent of the State
losing part of its territory. But the State of
Virginia did then and there consent to the erec-
tion of the State of West Virginia out of a por-
tion of its territory, and we either have to turn
West Virginia out of the Union in order to
sustain our present position or we must con-
cede that Virginia as a State with full power
during the rebellion did consent to a division
of her territory. Gentlemen must take one or
the other horn of that dilemma. You cannot
hold that Virginia is a State for one purpose
and deny her power as a State for another pur-
pose ; therefore, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] has very eloquently and prop-
erly expressed it, your position has become so
illogical, absurd, and contradictory that as you
progress in your onward course to sustain your
original error you become more confused and
involved in a labyrinth so difficult to extricate
yourselves from that you simply make con-
gressional action rather an absurd farce than a
solemn official proceeding.
But suppose that all these propositions have
no value; suppose that the different propo-
sitions I have presented are without force; I
have others. These conclusive facts may not
be admitted now by Congress. Conceding that
Congress possesses the power to establish rules
for her readmission, these have already been
adopted and provided for in the act approved
March 10, 1869, in which her admission was
pledged on certain conditions which have been
faithfully complied with on her part. Congress
has thus concluded itself, and cannot exact
anything more. It is estopped from asking of
that people any further humiliation, and can-
not now impose upon them the provisions of
this bill without being guilty of a shameful
breach of good faith and a most dishonorable
violation of plighted honor.
Sir, I am not alone in the declaration that
Virginia has carried out all that you have thus
far required of her. The President of the
United States in his annual message has told
us so; General Canby, the military command-
ing general in charge of Virginia, has told us
so; and the most eloquent and able and the
leading members of the dominant party in
both Houses of Congress have told us so. There-
fore, when I say merely what has been so much
better said by distinguished men belonging to
the party now in power, I but repeat what is well
known, that you have exhausted all your power,
conceding that you ever had the right, and Vir-
ginia has been reconstructed. You proposed
the conditions of that reconstruction ; you pre-
scribed them by three or four descriptive acts
of Congress, and you finally concluded the sc-
ries of acts in March last, when you authorized
the President of the United States to order cer-
tain elections to be held under his immediate
eye and pursuant to the directions of his subor-
dinate military officers. And in his annual mes-
sage to Congress he has reported to you the
results of those elections. He tells you that
the requirements of Congress have been faith-
fully carried out and completely executed ;
and you have nothing to do now except to
admit Virginia according to your plighted
faith.
Therefore, I repeat that the conditions sought
to be imposed upon the people of Virginia m
addition to those heretofore required of them
are in bad faith. It was said by a distinguished
Indian prince, when a part of his territory was
taken from him under an implied obligation
and pledge which he had given, and his minis-
ter said to him, '' Do not consent to this"—his
answer was, " A prince had better lose all his
kingdom than to break his plighted word."
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, as an additional rea-
son why I shall oppose this bill, I do not want
as a member of the House of Representatives
to participate, although in opposition to this
bill, in that censure which must certainly fall
upon Congress, and to a greater or less extent
upon almost every member of each House,
should this bill become a law.
But, sir, I have other objections to this bill.
In attempting to provide certain fundamental
conditions upon which the State shall be ad-
mitted to representation in Congress, it is i.i
direct violation of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, which has decided
that Congress cannot impose conditions upon
the admission of a State which the State is
obliged to respect afterward. We have here
presented to us a measure requiring from a
State assent to certain fundamental conditions
before it shall be admitted, notwithstanding
the decision of the Supreme Court given in
more than one instance; and I particularly
remember the decision in the case of Alabama,
that the fundamental conditions incorporated
in the act of Congress which gave the State of
Alabama the right to change her territorial
condition to that of a State were void upon
the general principle that Congress had no
right to require them.
Now, sir, granting that we have the right to
admit Virginia as we would admit a territory
that had never been a member of the Union;
granting that Virginia holds the position which
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has
maintained that she holds; granting that she
is in absolute territorial subjection, I hold that
Congress has no right to prescribe conditions
upon which she shall come in. I submit that
the highest judicial tribunal of this land, that
great umpire which must sit in judgment upon
the constitutionality of all our acts; that tri-
bunal which by the Constitution is empowered
to determine the validity of every act of Con-
gress, whether it relate to political or any other
class of questions, has already determined this
very question; and I have no doubt that the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
and a member of the dominant party in this
House, will, when he shall speak in support
of the amendment he has offered to this bill,
express the opinion that the fundamental con-
ditions sought to be imposed upon Virginia by
this bill are null and void, in accordance with
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted State's. That, sir, is my fifth objection.
But, sir, supposing that Congress has au-
thority to impose fundamental conditions upon
which the State shall be admitted, where is our
power to enforce these conditions if she should
subsequently disregard them ? How can you
get Virginia out a second time if she should
fail to fulfill the stipulations upon which you
propose now to admit her?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
has very pertinently and very ably presented
one phase of this objection ; and notwithstand-
ing my respect for the ability of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] I will say that with
all his legal acumen he has entirely failed to
give a satisfactory answer on that point. The
idea of calling forth the Grand Army of the
Republic to plunge this country a second time
into a bloody war to sustain an unconstitutional
act of Congress is beneath him and the posi-
tion he occupies in this House. Sir, we have
had our last war among ourselves on this con-
tinent for a century. There is no power—
certainty no merely partisan power seeking the
accomplishment of a partisan purpose—that
would be sufficient to arouse this people a second
time into a bloody fratricidal controversy. The
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] though
the head of the Grand Army of the Republic-
ay, though he were the President of the United
States, wielding all the military and naval
