5524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska.
METERS FOll DISTILLERIES.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a joint resolution
(EL R. No. 371) snspending the operation of
section three of an act entitled "An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July 20,
1868; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the operation and effect of section
three of an act entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 18G8, shall be
suspended until the further action of Congress,
so far as the same relates to the use of meters
and meter-safes in distilleries.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to sav that in
the opinion of the Committee of Ways and
Means the section of the act referred to in this
joint resolution leaves the matter discretionary
with the Commissionerof Internal Revenue. I
understand, however, that the Commissioner
takes a different view of it, and regards it as man-
datory upon him, leaving him no discretion.
The Committee of Ways and Means are of the
opinion that it is better to let the matter remain
as it is now practically, without requiring the
use of these instruments, until we can further
inquire into it at the next session of Congress.
For that purpose we report this joint resolution.
The joint resolution was then ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not sup-
pose this joint resolution does anything else
than regulate the meter question. Butl want
to say that an impression has been made all over
the country, and the report industriously circu-
lated, that there is a purpose on the part either
of the Committee of Ways and Means or some-
body else in this House, or in tlie other branch
of Congress, toward the end of the session, to
raise the tax on distilled spirits; and I am
informed that large quantities of high-wines
are held in some cities in this Union on specu-
lation, and that the price has gone up several
cents on the gallon in confident anticipation
oT some measure of that sort. I desire the
gentleman from Tennessee to state for the in-
formation of the country whether there is any
purpose on the part of the Committee of Ways
and Means to report any measure raising the
tax on spirits.
Mr. SCHENCK. Such a measure would
have to be carried over the heads of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
_Mr. MAYNARD. I can only say negatively
with regard to the committee, that they have
not entertained or considered any such propo-
sition. My individual opinion is—aud I think
1 express the opinion of my colleagues on the
committee—that they will not entertain any
such proposition ; that if it were acted on at
all it would be acted on adversely. In a word,
I have not the slightest expectation or belief
tnat the rate of tax on distilled spirits will be
increased; on the contrary, I feel perfectly
satisfied that it will not be. Such increase
might promote the interest of speculators who
hold large quantities. It undoubtedly would,
fhis class of persons, it is understood, induced
the increase to two dollars per gallon ; and
ihpy probably had their reward. The effect
upon the public revenues and upon the busi-
ness of distilling was disastrous, and so it
would be again.
_ Mr. DICKEY. As I understand, this is a
joint resolution to get rid of a first-class hum-
bug and fraud, by which money is taken from
the pockets of people without any equivalent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not accept the re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] as a correct statement of this ques-
tion. I ask for the passage of this joint reso-
lution on the grounds I have already stated.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules, in order to introduce and pass a bill
to remove political disabilities.
The bill, which was read, proposes to enact,
with the concurrence of two thirds of both
Houses, that all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
on persons who engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the United States, or gave aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof, be removed;
but the act is not to apply to or relieve from
disabilities any person embraced within any of
the following descriptions or classes:
First. Whoever, having been educated at the
Military Academy at West Point, or the Naval
School at Annapolis, shall have engaged in the
rebellion and insurrection against the United
States, or given aid and comfort to the enemies
thereof.
Second. Whoever, having been a member
of either House of Congress of the United
States, shall have engaged in rebellion against
the same, or given aid and comfort to the ene-
mies thereof, and whoever was a member of
tho so-called confederate congress.
Third. Whoever shall have held the office
of head of one of the Executive Departments
of the Government of the United States, or
minister plenipotentiary, or minister resident,
or judge of any court under the United States,'
and shall have engaged in rebellion or insur-
rection against the same, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof ; and whoever
shall have held either of the like offices under
the^so-called confederate States.
Fourth. Whoever, as a member of a conven-
tion, shall have voted for or signed any ordin-
ance of secession of any State, or held the
office of Governor of such State while the same
was in rebellion.
Fifth. Whoever, while in the service of the
so-called confederate States, treated with cru-
elty, or otherwise than according to the usages
of war, any prisoner of war held by authority
ot the so-called confederate States.
Sixth. Whoever, having charge and custody
of the public moneys of tho United States,
intrusted to them between said dates, have not
duly accounted for and paid over the same;
and whoever shall have embezzled or secreted
public stores, public goods, chattels, moneys,
provisions, or military and naval property of
the United States.
Seventh. All deserters to tlie rebels from
the Army or Navy of tho United States.
Mr. C0BU11N. Mr. Speaker, will it be in
°™er to move to lay this bill on the table?
ihe Si liAKliR. Jt will not, pending the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WARD. 1 wish to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Does the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsv.'orth] report this bill from any com-
mittee?
J he SPEAKER. lie does not.
^Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
cureetly contrary to the report of tlie com-
mittee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state  i|
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If there 11
is to be any statement, I wish to make a state- !|
ment in reply. '•!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer this bill at
the earnest request of members of the House
from the southern States. There are more
exceptions than I would make if I could have
my way; but I suppose this is the best we can
do now.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules for the introduction and
passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair, two thirds have not voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 101, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams. Archer, Axtell, Aver,
Bailey, Barnura, Barry, Bird, Booker, James Brooks
Buckley. Burr. Cleveland. Crete, Dickinson, fl-
dridgo, Farnsworth, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight
Haldeman, Hambleton, Ilamill, Harris, Hawkins,
Hays, Hcflin, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones
Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham,
MeConmek, MeKee, McKenzie, McNeely, MUnes,
Morgan, Morphis, Niblack, Perce, Poland, X'otter,
Proper, Randall, Reeves, Bice, Rogers, Bargent,
Sehumakcr, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Sloeum!
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strong,
Swann, Sweeney, Tillman, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Irump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester. Wood, and Woodward—75.
NAY S—Messrs. Ambl er, Ames, Armstrong. Arnell
AspCT.Atwood, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Blair, Boles, .Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B,. Butler
Cake, Cessna, Churchill, "William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, AmasaOobb.Coburn. Conger. Oovode.Cowles,
Cullom, Darrali, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dixon,
Donley. Duval, Ferriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher,
Orarheld, Hamilton, Hawley, Hoar, Hotchkiss,
Jenckcs, Judd, Julian, JCclsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
ar^n, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, ilaynard,
McCarthy McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
J esse H. Moore, Villiam Moore, Daniel J.Morrell,
Myers, Negley O'JN'eill, Orth. Packard. Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps, Porter, Hoots,
baniord, Sawyer, bhanks John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens
Ntovr«n«r\n xtnuwhtnvi ^.iri J rn i m._
-tr.,,"",' v.v.v,. ^L* T>  v mi,more, vv iiki
* >rVvn i>An,rUaius?.ilnd T- Wilson—101.
NOi } OilNU—Messrs. Allison, Beaman, Beck,
Bennett Biggs, Bingham, Bowen. Buck, Bnrehnrd,
Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Cox, Dickey,
Lockery, Dox Dyer, Eia, Fitch, Gibson, GLiMlan,
Hale, Ilay. Ill I,lloge lloopei.IngersolJ, Alexander
i1/ ey, Lash, Lynch, McCrary, Samuel P,
Morrill, Morrisscy, j\Iimgen, xCewsham, Piatt. Pom-
eroy, Lidgway, Sclienek, Scoficld, Porter Sheldon,
bhober, Worthmgton C. Smith, ^trader, Taffe, Tan-
Wyck Wallace. Cadwalader C.
W ushburn, Wmans, and Witcher—51.
So (two thirds riot having voted in favor
thereof J tiie motion to suspend the rules was
disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. ELD RIDGE stated: I voteiu tkeaffirm-
ative because 1 am in favor of removing polit-
ical disabilities ; but I despise the exceptions,
I spit upon them.
tlt ™ DICKEY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Dox, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
Ihe vote was then announced as above
recorded.
PRINTING OF EXT HA NUMBERS.
I lio_ SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
following provision embraced in the legisla-
tive, judicial, and executive appropriation bill,
winch has now passed and become a law.
ihe Clerk read as follows:
Andpromrfalftirtlter, That all proposition-!origin-
a.ins in either House ol Congress tor punting extra
copies ot imbue documents, the costoi" which shall
Y1"" of SoOJ, ehnil bo by concurrentreso-
lutionand ail such resolutions shall, upon their
transmission irom cither House, be immedi.-nely re-
Ihe SPEAKER, Under that law the Chair
has referred the resolution which a little while
ago came from the Senate tor printing extra
Ci*'le rei)0r': °1 the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for 1869 to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
b'OUTUKllN PACfl'lO K.ULROAD.
Mr. hCIIEMCK. 1 wish to enter a motion
to suspend the rales to take up the Southern
