im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
mutual admission to representation in both
Hon sea. If the Senate alone admit, with no
action on the part of the House, we stand and
Georgia would stand just where the Fortieth
Congress left both by admitting Representatives
to the House but none to the Senate. Some
months must elapse before an election will
afford this House the opportunity to settle the
question by uniting with the Senate in a con-
current admission, and therefore it is wiser in
any view to unite in settling the right of repre-
sentation by an act of legislation.
But I think Georgia comes here under cir-
cumstances which call for affirmative legisla-
tion at our hands. The act of December last
has settled that she was not reconstructed.
1 do not stand here to justify the action of
Congress in passing that act. I simply assert,
without undertaking either to vindicate or to
eondewn the act, that by its passage the ques
tion whether Georgia was or was not recon
structed was settled by the Congress of th
United States. By the passage of that act this
House stands committed to the affirmation of
the proposition that Georgia, by what had.
transpired before that time, had not entitled
herself to representation on this floor. I shall
endeavor to show that in assuming that posi-
tion the House was correct in point of fact.
By the reconstruction act of 1867 five fund-
amental and important things were required.
I need n6tr detain- the House by stating-what
they were, further than tasay that the ultimate
and cotibiusvte Oiie of all was the admission
of Representatives in the Senate a*d House of
Representatives. By the very terms of the*ct
it was declared that the reconstruction of the
State should be completed and closed by the
n^itiiSfiion of Representatives both to the Senate
and House of Representatives^ and until then
military control arid the provisional condition
should remain.
Now J am aware- that, tinder some circuttr-
stauces, it might Justly be said that tire recon>
SthjeU&nOPGeorgia was sabs tan tially oottvpleted !
by the act of 1868, which declared Georgia, with
certain other States, entitled to representation.
If both Howie# had followed that aet by what I
claim to be the consummating act—the actual
admission into both House# of her Senators
and Jiepresentatives—-I have no doubt the argu-
ment would be complete. But there was, fo >
tunately fof the country, a failure to accomplish
that final action. The House admitted her
'Representatives. It is not to be gainsaid or
denied that the Representatives' «f Georgia
cairn* here-, Were sworn iw, and took their seats
4n this House. Bat in the other House, the
Senate of the United States, there weee no
"nepr^sefttatives admitted. Assuming, tbere-
fore, that the act of lBft7w&8t3$w}rativ6, as all
-miist agree if we admitltrownitutiofiality(
theft if the crowning act was not consummated
reconstruction was still incomplete f for the
8efi*te Have never admitted tlie representatives
of Georgia. If (he Senate had done so'con-
currently with this House, then I admit itwnuld
have been a seriOn8question"*vb«ther Congres*
COkild have availed itself *f the subsequent
tnisoOrtdact of Georgia to reject fcer repre-
sentatives from either House. •
But that-being the position of things, fortu 
nately for thecountry, but morefortunately for ij
Georgia and her loyal eitraetts, Georgia herself, !
before Congress had permitted the coitetatama- |
tion of reconstruction, bya deed of infamy, i
by Ah act of bad faith, so degrading and dig- j
honorable that -'mtin ought to blfish who would
"vindicate or jofflify it^-Georgia herself'relieved |
Cong-ress from all obligation to execute the law
of 1968. for not only didshe in bad faith, in
the organization of herLegislatare, permit no j
lesst ban twenty seven tinp&rdoned rebels, itica- ii
pable oft&king the oath which Congress enjoined
upon them, and disqualified by notrhavingbeen !
restored to the -rights of citizenship* to take :
seats in the Legislature, but afterward, though
'Congress condoned that offepse of which it
'might have availed itself to reject ber repre-
sentatives—afterward she committed a crime
against humanity and 1'aW whrch justified Con-
gress, in December last, and which justifies us
to-day, in insisting that she shall come through
the samegateway that was opened for the other
rebellious but less guilty States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DAYIS. No; I cannot. Why was that
act committed? Sir, all will remember what
transpired at the convention of New York held
forthe purposeof nominating Democratic can-
didates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency.
That convention solemnly resolved that the
reconstruction acts of Congress w«re " usurp-
ations, unconstitutional, revolutionary, and
void,'' and were to be trampled in the dust.
Their candidate for the Vice Presidency and
Wade Hampton, that distinguished representa-
tive from South Carolina, publicly proclaimed
to the masses in New York that the President
should " compel the Amy to disperse the car-
pet-bag governments," and trample the recon-
struction lawB and the gove'rnflaents organized
; under them into the dust.
; The spirit that animated that convention f
| that spoke through their platform, that breathed
; itself m the speeches of those gentlemen fired
i again the rebellion in Georgia and led to an act
most insulting to Congress and to the laws
that Congress had passed, and outrageous in its
! character toward the humble members upon
whom it operated—the act of expelling twenty-
six elected representatives from the Assembly
and three senators, I believe, from the floor
< of the senate* whom they themselves had by
! committee sitting for the purpose of investi-
gating the right to seats declared to be legally
elected ; expelling them in violation of the
express terms of the laws passed by Congress
for no crime or fault save that of color. And
not satisfied with that offense against the law
and against the respeet due to Congress, that
Legislature proceeded to install' into the seats
of those whom they had thus driven from the
floor men steeped to their v«ry lips in treason,
who could take no oatb that Congress had
prescribed, who possessed none of the qualifi-
cations which the aritfi of Congress required at
their hands. And yet, notwithstanding these
facts, gentlemen are found upon ttais floor
ready to argue that Georgia had complied
with the law, had obeyed the eomrnands of
Congress, had reconstructed herself in accord-
ance with the injunctions of that body! On
the contrary, up to the time of the pastage of
the act of December last Georgia stood defi-
ant, in an attitude of contempt for-Congress.
Carrying out the spirit inculcated by the con*
vention and platform to which I have alluded,
sh« defied our power and called down upon
heteelf the enactment by an overwhelming
majority of the law of December last.
Now, standing in that position, witha portion
of the members- of her Legislature driven by
fraud from their sett*, and with rebels received
in their places; assuming, as for this argument
we ought, that Congress had nowev to • pass
the law, what member in this House dare say
that with fraud and violence and crime stamped
all over her Legislature, Georgia had* right to
insist upon representation on this flow? I am
unable to argue the question of fact any roori
strongly than by its mere statement.- "It-needs
no proof to establish the logical consequence.
It was a fraud upon our laws tb argutjiasethe
Legislature as it was first organized inthe Stat<&
It was an infamous fraud, taking advatitageof
the hope of a Democratic triumph and the res-
toration to power jn the State of an aristocracy
sprung from human bondage, I say It was an
infamous fraud to reject the colored members
and install the nott-elected traitors ; and it was
the most consummate impudence tocbm® here
and say to the Congress which had passed those
lawsj and believed them to be valid, that Geor-
gia stood in a condition entitling her; under
those laws, to be admitted to representation.
Bat what do you propose to do ? First* let
me ask what has been done? In December
last Congress passed upon this question so far
as to declare that Georgia was not yet recon-
structed,—passed upon it so far as to revive
military domination to the extent that might
be demanded to expurgate that Legislature.
Those steps have been taken,and Georgiastands
here to-day without representation and without
Representatives seeking admission. We are
Called upon to determine whether what baa
been done has brought her to the condition in
which we required her to place herself. The
act now presented is only a declaration, and
little more than a declaration, that Georgia has
at length obeyed the law.
Let us see what the act is. The preamble de-
clares that "the people of Georgia have framed
and adopted a constitution of State govern-
ment which is republican." Who denies that?
It declares that the Legislature of Georgia
elected under such constitution has ratified the
fourteenth and fifteenth articles of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. Who
denies that? The ratification has been made
so far as the Legislature had power to do the
act. And now I say to my friends on this side
of the House that if w« were right in declaring
as we did, that Virginia had done these things,
that she had ratified these several amendments,
that she had presented a constitution republican
; in form, then we are right in declaring the same
thing to-day upon the condition of things exist-
ing id Georgia. It is impossible ^discriminate
i nfttivopn ih* m
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That very same thing
had been said in an act of Congress two years
ago*-that Georgia had adopted a constitution
republican in form. Is it necessary now to
reenactit?
Mr. DAVIS. I have said that Congress, in
1 its confidence in the belief that Georgia was
acting in good faitb, in the expectation that
, reconstruction would be completed by the final
i act required by the: law of 1867—Congress* did
| so declare in regard to .Georgia.. -
jj Mn FARNS WORTH. And the constitution
■ of Georgia is not changed ; it is still.asrepub-
j| lican in form as when Congress so declared. -
Mr. DAVIS. But does thafe declaration estop
us when it has failed utterly to estop Geotgia
from the commission of the most Jin famous
, frauds to which I have referred ? Is this -body
estopped by a preamble when that preamble
becomes a falsehood by thB very act of the
party to be benefited by the law ? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bbtj.pb.]
asserts, it was a> falsehood at thatimo. But
whether -true or false then,! it became a false-
hood-long before Georgia applied for repre-
sentation in the Senate, by the bad ftntb and
treachery of the Legislature of Georgia.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want the gsAtleaMQ to
answer, this question: whether it is. not astrae
now as it was in 1868 concerning' the conati-
tutioh of Georgia that that constitution, Which
is ^republican form of .government, is now just
wbut it was then? *: -
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. ? ,
Mr. BINGHAM; Then where is the f&lse-
hood?
Mr. DAVIS. The> falsehood?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes j, the falsehood, 4>f
which the gentleman speaka.. v ^
Mr. DAVIS. The falsehood then existed*
if at till) i  the character of the legislative
organisation.
Mr.,BINGHAM. But, Mr. Speaker—rr ,
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to. be interrupted*
Mr. BINGHAM. W^ll, [ do not want to
interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS. What I am talking about ib
not its falsehood St the time Congress enacted
that preamble, but the-falsehood Georgia be-
fore the civilized world-afterwards made of the
preamble. In violation of her good foitb, by
perfidy unequaled, I think, in the annalsof
this countryr and perhaps unparalleled in the
annals of any other country, Georgia herself
thrust into that preamble fakefeoodsith&t
