4580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
$369,000, and with that capital make $20,000-
000 or anything near that, in eight years, is
astounding.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion? We have now got
up this new subject of the telegraph, and there
is no doubt that as soon as that is disposed of,
we shall have the steamship mail subsidies all
on this bill, and the Lord knows what else;
and it will take the Senate a week to discuss
all these questions. I suggest that we adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I will not yield for that
purpose. I concur with Senators that this sub-
ject of the franking privilege ought not to have
been put on the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us vote on it.
The Senate will vote it down. Let us see if we
cannot vote it down in committee.
Mr. STEWART. If there can be a general
understanding that we shall vote whether it
be the sense of the Senate to put any of these
propositions on the bill, I will give way. If,
by unanimous consent, we can take a vote as
to whether there shall be anything connected
with the franking privilege put upon this bill,
1 am satisfied to stop.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will suggest that we need not get unani-
mous consent. We are now in committee; we
can test it; and if a majority of the Senate is
in favor of putting this on, then the Senator
can offer his proposition in the Senate; but if
we vote this off and do not adopt this amend-
ment in Committee of the Whole, then we can
go on with the appropriation bill. That will
be a test. We do not want any unanimous con-
sent ; just let us vote now whether we will put
the question of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, in any shape, on this bill. The amend-
ment has been amended ; now let us vote on
it as it is amended, and see if we cannot vote
it down. I for one, although in favor of abol-
ishing the franking privilege, will vote against
putting it on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and let the vote be taken to see whether
it will operate in that way. Otherwise I shall
renew my amendment in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken 1
desire to say that at this moment I am not dis-
posed again to renew the discussion. There
are many things to which I should be glad to
reply that have fallen from the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from Wisconsin. In-
deed, I think that the leading propositions of
those Senators admit of a very easy reply. I
am not disposed, however, to occupy the time
of the Senate prematurely. My object now is
to remark that if I say nothing now it is be-
cause I hope for another opportunity when the
bill comes into the Senate on a proposition for
one cent postage, which I mean to renew and
ask a vole upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] as amended.
Mr. HOWE. On this question I am paired
with my colleague, [Mr. Oaepexier.] If he
were here he would vote against thi3 proposi-
tion, and I for it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired on the main
question with the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Tiiayeb.] He would vote on the main question
against the abolition of the franking privilege,
and I should vote for it; but I am opposed, as
a member ot'the Committee on Appropriations,
to having this measure tacked on this bill; and
believing before lie came in—I see he is here
now—that he and I should vote together, 1
have voted "nay/' If I am voting with him I
shall let my vote remain.
The result was announced—yeas 10, nays 20 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Fenton, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howell, McCreery. Morton,
Pratt, iiamsey, Sohura, Scott, Stunner, JLhurman,
Wiliev, and Yates—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Eoreman, Lroym-
low, Goic, Duike, Fowler, llanis, Howard, Jolm-
ston. McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Pool. Rice, Robertson, Itoss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague. Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull. Viekers. Warner, and "Williams—"9.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly, Cafctoii, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Crasin, Davis, Edmund!-, Ferry, lflan-
ag.in. Wilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe,Kellogg,
Lewis, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, lievels,
Saulsbury, Sherman, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. We are now back to the
appropriation bill, and I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations a
question about one or two of these items. As
I have said before, this bill appropriates more
than $20,000,000. It appropriates for the
transportation of the inland mails, $13,506,-
893 ; for foreign mails, $480,000 ; for pay of
postmasters, $5,000,000; for pay of clerks in
post offices, $:3.500,000; for pay of letter-
carriers, $1,250,000.
It will be seen that for postmasters, clerks,
and letter-carriers the appropriations amount
to $9,000,000 nearly, and that for the inland
transportation of the mails they amount to
$13,500,000. It does seem to me that there
must be some overestimate in this matter. I
cannot conceive that the Post Office Depart-
ment, economically administered, can require
$13,500,000 for the transportation of the inland
mails, and nearly nine million dollars to pay
postmasters and their clerks and letter-carriers.
I do not at this moment make any motion to
reduce these appropriations, because I prefer
first to hear what may be stated by tho chair-
man of the committee on the subject of these,
as it seems to me, enormous sums proposed
to be voted for this service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In reply to the
honorable Senator who inquired substantially
whether the estimates are not extraordinary,
or in excess of former years 
Mr. THURMAN. And whether they are
not too lavish, too, as well as being in excess.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should say as
a general answer to the inquiry, that the annual
expenditures of tho service for the last two
years have been about thirty million dollars.
Tho appropriation last year was about twenty-
six million dollars. The excess of expendi-
ture over that was supposed to be $5,000,000,
and there was a deficiency last year, according
to my recollection, of over five million dollars.
My information on the subject is, that that will
be a little in excess of the service of the current
year, perhaps $8,000,000 in excess, so that it
will fall below $30,000,000. _
Now, the estimates for this year are a little
more than for last year, owing to tho increased
service. For the same kind of service tho items
are tho same precisely, but tho service is con-
stantly increasing through tho extension of
postal facilities, ordinary post routes and the
like, which, with the extended demands of
population, of course is constantly growing.
That is the general answer, that this largo
appropriation is made to meet the general de-
mands of the service, and the demands of the
service this year I understand to be very nearly
what they wore last year, except the items aris-
ing from the extension of the service in new
communities. Aside from these general de-
mands of the service fixed by law there arc
special appropriations to meet special require-
ments of statutes which contemplate this ser-
vice. One of them is, " For transportation of
the foreign mail, $450,000." That sum has
been found to be the sum necessary to meet the
requirements of the statutes providing for that
service.
I could go on and give, if it were at all im-
portant, the estimates for each of these items
last year. If it is not necessary or if it is not
important to do that, 1 will say in a general
way that all the items that are embraced hero,
with the exception of those to which I have
referred, are precisely I think like those of last
year. It will be seen in the conclusion of this
bill that a large amount is provided for steam-
ship service ; and I allude to this fact because
my attention was called to it to-day. When it
was urged that new legislation, the billm regard
to the franking privilege should not be put on
this bill, the reply of one Senator to me was,
" Suppose we are providing for a new service ;
you have warranted it by providing for subsi-
dizing several lines of steamships.'7 Here is
one of them:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000.
I would not have made this explanation but
for that remark. I say as a matter of fact that
this appropriation and the two others that fol-
low it are simply t,o provide for the service
established by law of Congress. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations would not think of pat-
ting in a new item of that sort at any rate,
certainly not without calling the attention of
the Senate to it. In these three particulars the
appropriations are to meet the specific demands
of the acts of Congress. In all other respects,
I think the bill runs on the line of the general
service as established by law, is neither greater
nor less, nor otherwise than it was last year,
except in the single particular of the extension
of the service in the way I have stated.
Now, whether this service is more than it
ought to bo or not, is a matter, of course, that
addresses itself to Congress.^ They can make
it less, or they can make it greater; but as
long as it is in "the discretion of the Postmaster
General to establish new post offices and new
routes, of course the service will be advancing
constantly in harmony with the demands of
the Government-
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is im-
possible for a member of the Senate who is
not on the Committee on Appropriations, or on
some other committee whose duty it is to ex-
amine into these estimates, to know with cer-
tainty whether any one of them is excessive or
not. All he can do is to have a general idea
of them. It would not, therefore, be becom-
ing in me, who have had no opportunity to
examine particularly into this matter, to go
into a criticism of any one of these appropii-
ations. But I must say that we do not seem
to be doing much toward retrenching the ex-
penses of the Government. Each party pro-
fesses every year in its platforms, as they are
called, put before the people, to be a party of
economy and retrenchment; and now we have
the admission that the appropriations con-
tained in this bill are not only equal to those
contained in the bill of last year, but that they
are more than a million dollars in excess of
the appropriations of last year.
That does not seem to me to be retrenching
with very much success; and I cannot help
the impression that if this Department were
administered with proper economy the expenses
would not be as heavy as by this bill it appears
they are.
1 would be one of the last to curtail mail
facilities to tho people. I would rather be lib-
eral in that way than in almost any other way;
but still the circumstances of the country are
such that if we i drench nowhere the people
must continue to bo burdened with the enorm-
ous taxeo that they now pay; and here, instead
of retrenching, we find that the appropriations
are in excess of what they were last year. This
is all I have to say. and I am ready to vote.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Ohio cer-
tainly is very anxious to put in a word hero
about retrenchment when he does it on such
facts as are now before us. I should like to
know of the honorable Senator whether it
costs no more to clothe a young man of eighteen
or nineteen than it does to clothe a child of
live years old, and whether it does not cost a
little more every year that the young man
grows? Perhaps it may not cost the Senator
any more to clothe himself in one year than
in another, because he is full grown ; hut, fir,
this country and this Government are not full
grown. They are growing every year. More
mail service is required every year. Why
should the Senator undertake here upon such
