486
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOB®.
 
January 13,
power of this nation, could not maintaiu him-
self before the American people for half an
hour in any such audacious and revolutionary
enterprise.
Sir, this fact is evident. Yon may vote that
Virginia- shall now be permitted' to come in if
she will do certain things, but you cannot im-
pose upon that people as a fundamental ele-
ment of their political existence a condition'
which shall bind them for all time to come—a
condition which they will not be at liberty in-
the future to disregard ; and you cannot Help
yourselves if they should disregard it. Where
is your remedy?
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment to answer his question, "Where
is the remedy?"
Mr. WOOD. I will yield for a question, but
f cannot yield for any debate.
Mr. WELKER. I simply proposed to show
how in my view this measure can bo enforced.
Mr. WOOD. Tho gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Lawrence] has told us how it can be
enforced; that is, through the agency of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
Mr. WELKER. That is not the mode which
I propose to indicate.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I have already
yielded a part of my time, and I must decline
to yield further.
Sir, legislation is a practical thing. It is
the greatest mistake in the world to suppose
that any beautiful theories, any declamation
which a happy facility of phraseology may bo
able to devise, can mislead to any extent the
practical common sense of the American peo-
ple. I would rather have the judgment of a
common laboring man upon a question of legis-
lation than that of some of the ablest intel-
lects of the legal fraternity in this House.
I say, sir, admit Virginiaundcr this bill, and
you can have no power under any possible as-
pect of the question to do with her as you did
with Georgia, arnd that is to remand her back
to a territorial condition. The thing is simply
absurd, impossible, ridiculous, and 1 was going
to use another expression for which possibly
I should be charged with having made an in-
decorous assertion.
I would say more, Mr. Speaker, but there
are so!me propositions so obvious that it is
almost impossible to argue them. There are
some propositions so absurd as to be beneath
argument. If a manstands up here and attempts
to prove that this is not a ceiling over our heads
I do nob suppose any one will attempt to con-
trovert the assertion and show its utter absurd-
ity. Therefore, to the proposition that a State
shall obey for all future time certain edicts
now promulgated by tho two Houses of Con-
gress, and Congress shall have the power for all
future time to enforce obedience, I shall not
devote any further time in the way of discus-
sion-. It is altogether too preposterous a propo-
sition;.
Another objection I have to this bill, and in
my judgment it is one of the most serious
which can be presented, is that after all it
does- not settle anything. It is an act, accord-
ing to its title and according to its substance,
to-do what? To admit the State of Virginia
to representation in Congress. It does not
provide that she shall be admitted as a State
into the Union with the full rights of the other
States now in the Union. There is in this a
disguised object; and it is not going too far to
conclude in view of the recent conduct of Con-
gress for the State of Georgia, which was ad-
mitted to representation in Congress and then
turned out again, that- the object is to provide
an excuse, or a convenient- expedient, so that
Virginia may be considered as a State in the
Union or not as a State in the Union as it may
best suit the interest and necessity of the dom-
inant party; thus putting her in a position of
dependence upon the will and at the mercy of
those who are, unfortunately for the country,
now" in possession of the reins of government,
and who have shown a constant willingness to
resort to the most violent measures when de-
manded by their party interests. _ This bill
settles nothing. You admit Virginia; under
this act—to what? To representation in Con-
gress. At the next election she may electa
Democratic ticket, and that in the judgment
of this House may be deemed as evincing a
rebellious spirit. It will be said here that Vir-
ginia has violated her plighted faith, and that
she must be reconstructed over again. Some
gentleman will then rise and introduce a bill
providingforthe reconstruction of Virginia,set-
ting aside her election and remanding her back
to' a condition of absolute dependence upon
the executive or military power of this Govern-
ment until she shall consent to support all
the men and measures of the Republican party.
There ,is no security that this' is a finality;
that this disposes of this question so far as
Virginia is concerned. We may have it pre-
sented in every session of Congress for different
purposes.
Now, sir, have we not had enough of this?
Are not the people of the country sick and dis-
gusted with the conduct of those who desire t®
hold these unfortunate southern States in the
condition ofabjectservitude? They have ceased-
their resistance to the General Government;
they have laid down their arms; they have
been vanquished and they have asked for peace;
they have asked for the right of life, liberty, and
property. They are not to be kept in this con-
dition of abject servitude because they still
resist the Government, for, as I have said, they
yield the fullest obedience to the Government.
No, sir; it is not because of that, but because
they refuse the control of Republican partisans,
and because of their desire to exercise tho right
of opinion, the right of free judgment, the right
of property, the right to order, the right to pro-
tection of life and property. Why, sir, they
do not object to your universal suffrage. There
is no instance on record in any single southern
State where the southern people have been
uneontaminated by New England aliens where
they have resisted your efforts to secure the
adoption of universal negro suffrage. The
troubles down there have been gotten up for a
political purpose and with a political design,
and if you trace them to their origin you will
find at the bottom of all of them some officer
of the Freednien's Bureau, or some other New-
England carpet-bagger, who has gone there to
better his fortune, leaving his own State for
the good of its people. So far, therefore, as
the southern people are concerned they have
not resisted at all.
Now, sir, to the question. You punished
them in fact. They have done wrong, and you
punished them for it. I deny the right to
punish them. But you have done it. Let us
have a disposition of this question once for all,
and let it be final. Apply your severe meas-
ures. Let these people know the worst. Ex-
haust the ingenuity which has been applying
this cruel and inhuman treatment to them that
the thing may be ended, that the people may
return to their industries, may help us to liqui-
date the public debt, may join the agricultural
population of the West and the population of
all the other parts of the country in contribut-
ing to this onerous burden of taxation which
lies now so heavily on the labors and tho in-
dustry of our people.
I say let them come in. As a matter of
policy they ought to be admitted. The dictates
of humanity demand it. The feeling of common
self-respect, which makes the conqueror dis-
play at least a spirit of humanity toward a fallen
enemy, requires that we shall once for all de-
termine and decide now and forever this ques-
tion of southern reconstruction ; that new laws
of reconstruction shall not be enacted and
reenacted by every Congress and at every ses-
sion of Congress to satisfy the necessities of
the hour of the dominant party. Therefore my
great objection to this bill is that it does not
propose to settle the standing of Virginia. It
confines itself simply to its admission to repre-
sentation in Congress. Did we not admit Geor-
gia to representation on this floor? Did-not
the gentlemen who were members of the For-
tieth- Congress sit here along with Represent-
atives from the State of Georgia ? Georgia was
admitted) to representation in Congress, and
what is her position to-day? Sir, -what security
have the people of Virginia, what security
have tie people of the United States, what
security has the world that the passage of this
bill determines the standing of Virginia and
that Virginia is to be permitted to come into
the Union, to participate in this great work of
promoting universal emancipation, universal
progress, and the elevation of mankind, of
developing our glorious resources, and making
our country what God destined it to be, the
most wealthy, the most noble, the most proud,
and the most glorious land that the sun of the
Almighty has ever shown upon ?
But, sir, I have still other objeetions to this
bill. I object to it because it prescribes new
oaths and qualifications not heretofore required
of any of the so-called reconstructed Stages.
It thus partakes of an unjust, vindictive, pre-
scriptive, and unusual spirit not in keeping with
the genius of our institutions nor of the enlight-
ened spirit of the age, nor even of the recon-
struction acts. It is an advanced step in the
unrelenting policy which has heretofore charac-
terized Congress in its punishment and perse-
cution of the southern people. It proposes
that certain oaths which have not been imposed
so far on any of ±he southern States as con-
ditions to the hdlaing of office shall be required
of the people of Virginia, and I therefore object
to it because it is improper, unequal, unprece-
dented, unjust, and inconsistent with the recon-
struction acts of Congress.
I have two other objections to state and then
I shall yield the floor. I object to the bill
because it attempts in its last section to determ-
ine in advance the qualifications for the election
of Senators from the State of Virginia, thus
again violatingthe Constitution, which provides,
articlc one, section five, that—
" Eaoh House of Cougress shall bo the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its ovrn mem-
bers."
Mr. Speaker, this is the first time in the his-
tory of this Government that one House of
Congress- has attempted to judge of the quali-
fications of the other House.- The last section
of this bill determines the validity of the elec-
tion of two gentlemen who have been elected
by the sitting Legislature of Virginia to seats
in the other end of this Capitol. It presumes
to deny tho right of the Senate to sit in judg-
ment upon those two gentlemen, in order to
decide upon the validity of their election and
their qualifications as Senators of the United
States. What would we think, sir, if the Sen-
ate should assume to determine in advance that
question for this House? Idoubt whether there
is a gentleman here, whatever may be his opin-
ion upon reconstruction, who would consent
to a proposition that would deny us the consti-
tutional right to determine for ourselves all
such questions as that. And I call—for this
is not a political aspect of the question—I
call the especial attention of the members
of this House, and particularly of the lawyers
of this House, to the last section of this bill,
which determines in advance that two men who
have been elected Senators shall be deemed to
have been elected validly. It is a retroactive
provision, retrospective in its operations, de-
termining that so far as that portion of the acts
of the Legislature lately in session is concerned
it for that purpose was a Legislature. Ah, yes,
sir ; and these gentlemen will claim also that it
was a Legislature when it ratified the fifteenth
amendment. Ah, yes ; I have no doubt that
when we come to foot up the list of States to
see whether we have got the required constitu-
tional number by which to amend the Consti-
tution it will be discovered that the State of
Virginia did vote on that question, through this
defunct and disqualified Legislature, under the
