1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
a point as that to make capital for himself as
a Democrat against the Republican party
because it does uot retrench?
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made asin
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Letthe amend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole, which was to strike
out the following provision, appended to the
clause appropriating for letter-carriers :
But no part of said sum shall be expended for the
pay of letter-carriers in cities of less than. forty thou-
sand inhabitants.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that the only amend-
ment pending ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
only one.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to insert in lieu of
the matter to be stricken out what I send to the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on concurring in the amend-
ment, made as in Committee of the Whole,
striking out these words.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I move to insert in
lieu of the words just stricken out the follow-
ing:
Provided, That for every letter delivered by letter-
oarriors there shall be charged and collected one
cent additional postage.
'The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I have modified the amendment that I
first offered, making it read "August" instead
of "July," and if the Senate will give me a
fair expression of their opinion on that propo-
sition 1 shall be content with it, and agree not
even to call the other bill up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been distinctly
voted upon here two or three times.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It has not been distinctly voted upon. Extran-
eous matter was placed upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And extraneous matter
will be put upon it now. Does not the Senator
know it? The moment he offers that amend-
ment the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drabx]
' offers his amendment, and the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Mokkill] offers his.
Mr. SUMNER. And I shall offer mine, of
course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the Senator from
Massachusetts offers his. It has been demon-
strated by vote after vote that a majority of
the Senate are in favor of amending the Sen-
ator's proposition. He knows it by vote after
vote. Now it is offered here again in the Sen-
ate, and we must go over these votes again.
I do hope the Senator will not offer it. If he
does of course we must expect all these other
amendments to be offered and debated. I
shall not vote for them, but the Senate will.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it a fair proposi-
tion, and I want a fair, square vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You cannot get it.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire is
this amendment the franking bill pure and sim-
ple?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the bill pure and
simple, except that "July" ia changed to
"August."
Mr. DRAKE. Then I move ray amend-
ment to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move also
the amendment which I offered the other day
as an amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri proposes^ to amend the
amendment in the manner which he has indi-
cated.
Mr. CONKXTNG. That is accepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
accepted. The Senator from Vermont now
proposes to amend the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to amend that
by adding the proposition for one-cent post-
age.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Onequestion
at a time. The first question will be on agree-
ing to the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to the chairman
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads to withdraw this amendment. The Sen-
ate has fairly determined that it will not put it
on this bill, and he has had the yeas and nays
on that, and he is only wasting time, as I
humbly submit, in this way. Let him bring up
his bill again, the House bill, and let us see
whether we can perfect that. That is a special
order now.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a word to say on this
subject, and only a word. It is well known to
every member of this body that a minority can
prevent the passage of any bill. We have no
rule here compelling a vote ; no rule to cut off
debate; and on that account some of the most
important legislation that has ever been enacted
since I have had the honor to hold a seat here
has been put on appropriation bills. I will
instance one case: the right of colored men to
testify in the courts of the United States was an
amendment to an appropriation bill, offered
by the honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Now, Mr. President, it is clear, as I suppose,
that a majority of this body are in favor of the
reform proposed. It is equally clear that a
minority can prevent the majority from carry-
ing it into a law, unless it is offered and insisted
upon as an amendment to an appropriation
bill. There is no more fit place to put it than
as an amendment to the bill making an appro-
priation of money to carry on the Post Office
service. I therefore hope that every member
of this body who is in favor of the reform will
vote in i'avor of the amendment. I do not
insist on any more discussion. I suppose the
subject is clearly understood by every member
of this body. I am perfectly willing to have
a clear, distinct, square vote on this proposi-
tion on its merits, without debate. I do not
wish to protract the discussion; but 1" protest
against the friends of the measure permitting
a minority of the Senate to defeat this propo-
sition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
to my friend from Iowa. He and I are both
in favor of abolishing the franking privilege
pure and simple. A majority ol the Senate,
time and again, on the yeas and nays, have said
that that shall not be done. They have adopted
amendments to that proposition more than
once on the yeas and nays. The proposition
offered by the Senator from Missouri has been
put upon it. Now, is not the Senator satis-
fied? It is the minority of the Senate fighting
against the majority. The Senator from Iowa
puts himself in this position: he demands a
square and simple vote on abolishing the frank-
ing privilege ; a majority of the Senate say he
shall not have it; and he insists now, because
there is an appropriation bill here, that he will
retard business until he gets a vote on that
simple proposition. He wiil never get it. i. he
Senate say he shall not have it. He cannot
control that. Now, what shall we do? We
took a vote, not ten minutes ago, on the prop-
osition as amended by various motions made
in the Senate, one by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake,] another by the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] and he is now seek-
ing the floor to offer his amendment again,
which was adopted last night by a vote of
nearly two to oue.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no; twenty-one to sev-
enteen. , , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remembcrwhat
the precise vote was; but the Senate has put
amendments upon the amendment. Just now,
after we had- got it amended,- with all these
amendments on, we took a vote, a yea and nay
vote, and the Senate by a decided' majority
refused to put it on this bill; and yet the Sen-
ator from Minnesota comes in and ,o,ffers it
again. Well, sir, we cannot help it. Senators
can do this. When we shall get a vote on the
bill I do not know; but the Senatorfrom Iowa
should not rise here and say that a minority
of the Senate, are defeating a measure, when a
majority of the Senate have repealedly refused
to have a vote taken on that measure. I am
as much for abolishing the franking privilege
as anybody; but it is manifest that it cannot
be done as an amendment to this bill without
putting on that amendment various other
amendments, and when you get the various
other amendments upon it, then the whole
thing is voted down, as we have already seen.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, does not
what has occurred show this: that the Senate
is wise; that the Senate is not as indiscreet as
my friend the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads; that the Sen-
ate will not abolish the old franking sys-
tem without a substitute? That is what the
votes show, unless I misinterpret them, _ Sen-
ators say they are in favor of the abolition of
the franking system. So am I; but I wish a
substitute for the people. 1 wish, if the frank-
ing system goes, that something else shall
come. I wish a frank for all in a renovated
postal service, and Senators by their votes
show that they are of that opinion. They are
unwilling to give up this old system without
providing something in its place. There I say
the Senate is wise, and I hope the Senate will
adhere to that determination shown by its votes.
If this discussion is to go on, 1, of course,
shall renew my motion, and I shall expect to
be heard upon it. I have eome here to-day
with some other illustrations showing the
operation of cheap postage, and with a view
especially to show the practical character of a
rate of one cent.
My friend, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] says that my proposition is a theory
run mad. Well, sir, he will allow me to say
that that is a phrase of his. Suppose I should
say that his argument for high postage was
founded on a theory run mad ? I should be
as just to him as he is to me. The Senator is
mistaken in his argument. I will not say,
however, that he is run mad because he does
not see the beauty and the glory and the benef-
icence of cheapening the postal service of this
Republic; because he does not see how a cheap
postage, at the lowest rate possible, harmon-
izes with republican institutions 1 will not
say that he is run mad., I content myself with
saying that he makes a great mistake.
The Senator from Indiana remarked again
that my proposition was that the business man
should have his postage paid by the Treasury.
I took down the words at the time. I should
like to know in what word that has fallen from
me in this debate there was anything to justify
that assertion. I insist that the letter shall
pay for itself, and not pay for the newspaper,
or the free matter, or congressional docu-
ments. That is my proposition; and I insist
that all the experience of the Post Office shows
that if you allot to the letter what is the proper
and reasonable cost for its transportation, a
rate of one cent will be a large allowance, too
large an allowance.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if he
would make up the deficit by putting the rest
of the expense on the newspapers ; and if he
v/ould not do that, whether he means to say
that the deficit shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury ? , .
Mr. SUMNER. I have already explained
that more than once last night ia reply to my
friend from Wisconsin, and again and agam in
remarks that I have made. The letter should
pay for itself. That is the first proposition on
which I start. Then the franked matter will
pay for itself 
