2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says I com-
pare the cost of general merchandise with the
insurance on cotton, and he said it might bo
nitro-glycerine or pig iron. That is true; and
it might be banting, or copper, or blue vitriol.
There stands the fact. There is the contrast.
Here are remonstrances from the flax and
hemp growers of the West, and from the man-
ufacturers of cotton bagging at St. Louis, Louis-
ville, and other points throughout the south-
western States. They manufacture these bags
there instead of as formerly, in order to get the
tow of hemp and flax out of the way, burning
it in the field. We are making a tariff for the
whole country, and not for New England or
Pennsylvania. We find the gunny cloth is
imported as largely as ever in proportion to
the cotton. When we raised 4,000,000 or
5,000,000 bales of cotton and manufactured
no bagging we needed more gunny cloth than
we do now when we raise from 2,000,000 to
3,000,000 bales of cotton, and manufacture
near to the cotton-fields better bagging than
was used before the war.
Mr. BOOTS and Mr. BUCKLEY rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot yield. I have only
five minutes. I cannot attend to Arkansas and
Alabama now, as I am now replying to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. I have the
facts before me. 1 speak by the card. The
importations of gunny cloth run parallel with
the crop of cotton.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, notifying the House that that
body had adopted a resolution that its Secre-
tary send to the House the papers in the case
of the Black Bob Indian lands in the State
of Kansas, agreeably to the request of the
House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had adopted the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bill No. 1346, making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for
Other purposes.
TARIFF—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. KELLEY. In 1860 there was not any
manufacture to give the West the protection we
propose in this bill on its flax and hemp. Let
it crush its own oil, export its own oil cake,
break its own liber and manufacture it, and in
three or four years you will have manufactures
in the West in the midst of grain-fields where
wheat now can find no adequate market. In
this diversity of employment you will find fac-
tories will spring up which will abundantly
reward cotton or any other manufacture.
I am asked by the gentleman from Indiana
to say what are jute butts. They are parts of
the jute tree taken off from near the ground,
boiled and dressed to be brought into com-
petition with our flax and cotton. The main
use of this article at the present time seems
to be to make bunches for women's hair in
accordance with the present fashion. Itadapts
itself to every possible color, and the jute fiber
is therefore found to make the best imitation
of human hair, and will take on every dye. If
you should take up one of these big bunche3
of apparent hair—should a lady happen to drop
it in the street—and burn it, you will not catch
the odor which would be given by the burning
of human hair or other animal substance.
You will simply have possessed yourself of a
Sine bundle of jute handsomely dressed.
Mr. ROOTS. I thank the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] for that inform-
ation. At least any single gentleman must
have his gallantry aroused to such an extent
as to iuduce most vigorous exertion to pro-
duce a reduction of thisrate.of tariff. Surely,
sir, if it is by using the products of jute butts
that the blessed sights of the loveliest of God's
creatures are made more lovely, then let jute
butts come in in unlimited quantities. But, sir,
in addition thereto I am impelled by a more
stern, urgent, and substantial demand than the
sentimentof gallantry. I cannot but regret find-
ing myself antagonized against the good, true
men whose general course I have learned to
admire. I cannot expect to cope with them
in their striking oratory and well-known elo-
quence. Yet I can in a plain, earnest man-
ner, insist that you shall heed and hearken
to a plea in behalf of our cotton-growing
industry, one of the most important industries
of our nation; an industry that has brought
more gold into our country than almost all
other industries combined; an industry in
which immense capital is invested, and yet
one in which are engaged the most patient,
loyal, earnest, toiling, and yet humble citizens
of our land ; an industry which has done more
toward maintaining our national credit, dimin-
ishing our national debt, ar.d increasing the
value of our greenbacks than any other indus-
try in the whole land ; an industry, sir, whose
appeals you not only ought, but which I am
sure you will heed.
The gentleman has alluded in most glowing
terms to the superior excellence of our Ameri-
can manufactures. But he can take no more
pride in that than I do. My heart swells as
joyously as his possibly can over the success
of our American policy and the superior excel-
lence, the wonderful ingenuity, and the start-
ling, unequaled success of our domestic manu-
factures. The slave-driver's lash lies, thank
God, in a grave too deep for resurrection, and
with it, I am sure, ought to lie all antipathy to
home manufactures. And surely the gentle-
man cannot in candor urge the inferiority in
quality of the foreign article as a cause for a
high tariff on this imported raw material. If
the material is not good do not import it. If
the manufactured article of America is better,
as we all know it is, that will in itself render
it unnecessary to place a vigorously high tariff
on the foreign product.
It has been stated that there has been an
increase in the importation of jute butts for a
number of years, very well, sir; that was by
the very tariff which is now proposed by this
amendment, while the tariff proposed by this
bill is $10 instead of $6, an increase of OGf
per ccnt.
I ask gentlemen is it really any excuse to say
that the cotton raisers resell this bagging?
They work hard enough to produce the cotton,
and every man oil this floor knows that
when the cotton is sold there is a deduction
made for the cotton bagging. This deduction
in order to be made does not necessarily have
to be made as so many specified pounds of
specific tare. The purchaser may talk liberal
and nice, and tell how he is paying just as
much per pound for bagging and ties as he
does for cotton, but yet we all know that he
reduces the price he pays enough to cover the
tare not only once but many times. And even
were it a fact that the cotton-raiser got back
his outlay for bagging, will not his profits bo
diminished just as much as the price of bag-
ging is increased? That is a self-evidentprop-
osition.
I am not one of those who have favored the
driving out of American manufactures. But
when we see how rapidly the importation has
diminished of gunny cloth and gunny bags;
when we see that in 1867 the importation was
$1,297,000, while in 1869 it was only $871,000,
we may safely conclude that it will not be
dangerous to accept this amendment and re-
duce throughout rather than increase the tariff
duties upon this and all other material enter-
ing into the composition of our cotton bagging.
Mr. KELLEY. Of what articles do those
figures represent the importations ?
Mr. BOOTS. Gunny cloths and gunny bags.
The reduction, as I have stated, has been from
$1,297,000 in 1867 to $871,000 in 1869. I
certainly think, with that showing, gentlemen
need not be afraid at least to retain the present
rate if they are not willing to reduce it.
Mr. M AYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest in this connection that,the import-
ation of jute butts has very largely increased.
Mr. ROOTS. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion, as I always do. And while, thanking
him most heartily for many kind and valuable
suggestions received from him, I beg to say
that I am aware the importation of jute butts
has increased, but that is under the existing
tariff of $6, the tariff which I now advocate in
opposition to that proposed in this bill, $10.
Gentlemen, you cannot refuse to aid the South
in this matter. Gentlemen of the South,we
must stand by and insist on this. Let the vote
show that we are a unit. And 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put op Mr. Strong's
amendment, to strike out " 10" and to insert
"6;" so that the paragraph would read, "on
jute butts, $6 per ton."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 45, noes 49; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers i and appointed Mr. Strong and Mr.
M aynard.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 64, noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
.On cordage and rope, of wbatevervogetable mate-
rial composed, 3 cents per pound.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by inserting after the word " com-
posed" the words, " except Manila," and by
adding after the word "pound" the words,
" and of Manila, 2J cents per poundso that
it will read:
_ On cordage and rope, of whatever vegetable mate -
rial composed, except Manila, 3 cents per pound,
and of Manila, 2i cents per pound.
Mr. Chairman, the present duty on Manila
rope is2£centsperpound. The duty proposed
in this bill would be 3 cents per pound, an in-
crease of about 20 per cent. While the duty
on other rope and cordage has been reduced,
that on Manila rope has been increased. It
seems to me there is no necessity for this in-
crease. Manila rope is the principal rope
that is used for cordage. We export about
four times as much rope and cordage as we
import. We are an exporting rather than an
importing country. I can see, therefore, no
necessity for this increase. It is an increase
of 20 per cent, upon this article, an article
which is used by every farmer who ties his stock
with a rope, or who has a rope to the bucket
with which he draws water from his well. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment I propose,
to restore the present duty on that class of
rope, will be sustained by the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust my friend
from Illinois will accept an amendment to
strike out the paragraph altogether. We have
just now struck out substantially the proposed
duty on the raw material of which this is the
finished article, and I do not now propose to
go the next step up and give the people who
make the rope from 30 to 50 per cent.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will withdraw my
amendment to enable the gentleman from Ohio
to make the motion to strike out the para-
graph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the paragraph, so as to leave the duty as it
now is.
The question was taken on the motion, and
it was agreed to.
Thehour of half past fouro'clockp. m. hav-
ing arrived, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order, took
a recess until half past seven o' clock p. m.'
