1750
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
conditions. I frankly confess I do not like this
sort of legislation, and my reason for disliking
ia that I greatly fear it fails to accomplish the
purpose it has in view. I think a form might
have been adopted which -would reach the
desired end, but in the Several bills which have
been passed this form was presented, acted upon
and determined as the true mode of imposing
obligations in futuro upon the reconstructed
States. And for that reason alone I yield my
views, and shall give my assenttothose provis-
ions. But we impose an oath upon the members
of that Legislature and npon all the officers of
the State. What is that oath? It is simply the
execution of the fourteenth amendment, and
neither more nor less. It is what this House
has by virtue of the fourteenth amendment
vhe most ample power to require of every officer
throughout the United States, whatsoever office
he may fill. We may impose it npon officers
in New York, and require that they shall take
this oath. All officers are within the four-
teenth amendment, and the personal oath is
only one of the modes by which the fourteenth
amendment may be enforced.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. Did I understand the gentleman
to say that we might impose this oath on legis-
lators in New York by the power of Congress?
Mr. DAVIS. I say so. I say that under
the fourteenth amendment Congress has the
most ample and abundant power to see to it
that no person obnoxious to its provisions holds
any office whatever within the United States.
And I say that in enforcing that provisionCon-
gress may require' the personal pledge or the
personal oath of every man who assumes an
office that he is not of the class excluded by a'
provision of the Constitution.
Mr. COX. I referred to State offices exclus-
ively.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; I speak of State offices
as well as Federal, for such is the exact lan-
guage of the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. COX. Then the gentlemen contends
that under this amendment Congress is omnip-
otent, and that we are, like the English Par-
liament. above the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. No. I say that Congress is
onmipoterit within the sphere of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and that that sphere
covers rebellion as described in the fourteenth
amendment wherever it may be found and under
what circumstances soever it seeks to enter a
public office, be it in Georgia or New York,
or anywhere else in the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentlemah allow
me to make a suggestion ? I quite agree with
the gentleman in what has last fallen from
him 
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot hear Che gentleman,
and ad my time is rapidly running out I would
pfrefer'uot to be interrupted.
Mr. BINGHA'M. I wished to say that we
could enforce it by general law.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then why Hot do it ?
Thfe SPEAKER. The gentl^mdh from Ohio
isoutoforder. The gentleman from New York
does not yield.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman says that we
can enforce it by general law. I say that what-
ever Congress can do by general law in this
respect it may do by special law.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; and allow every other
State to violate it.
Mr. DAVIS. And allow every other State,
if it chooses, not to be subject to that law. The
gentleman can find noprovision of the Consti-
tution which limits that power. I am myself
in favor of a general law. I would shut out a
rebel in New York as quickly as I would a
rebel in Georgia. And I insist that Congress
has identically the same power in the one State
as it has in the other.
But what is this oath? I have said it was in
execution of the fourteenth amendment, and
is required, in purtra&nce of it, for the purpose
of enforcing provisions designed to save the
people from the power of unpardoned rebels.
But is it anything more in effect than the gen-
eral oath after all?- The fourteenth amend-
ment is a part of the Constitution. We require
the usual oath of all officers everywhere. They
must take the oath and swear to support the
Constitution of the United States, that Con-
stitution containing a provision that a certain
class of rebels shall never take office. Who, f
ask, being such a rebel, can swear before God
to support that Constitution without moral
perjury, even if he do not take the particular
oath that this bill enjoins?
The Constitution of the United States, as
amended, requires the enforcement of the
fourteenth amendment as much as of any one
of its original clauses; and he who, to entitle
him to office, swears to-day to support that
Constitution, solemnly swears that he is not
obnoxious to the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment; and if he is, then, in taking the
general oath, he lays the crime of perjury upon
his soul.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ? , .
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot yield.
Now, sir, as I have shown that Georgia did
not comply with the requirements of Congress,
that Georgia stands to-day, by her own willful
misconduct, subject to the control and power
of Congress, if its laws are not to be disre-
garded, I insist that the passage of this bill
can be no injustice to her.
But the gentleman tells us that we place
in power for a long period of time the pres-
ent officers of Georgia. By what authority is
that assertion made? The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
which might have had that effect, has been
withdrawn. The bill, standing by itself, I re-
peat, is in no respect to be a retroactive law.
It simply declares an existingfact as to the con-
dition of Georgia. It declares her entitled to
representation. It then provides certain obli-
gations for the future. So far from affecting
the question of the right of the officials elected
under the constitution of Georgia to hold their
offices for a longer or shorter term, I assert as
my firm conviction that this act will have no
operation at all npon that question. It remains
a question to be hereafter settled by the proper
authorities as to when the constitution of Georgia
went into operative effect; and when it is set-
tled I fancy all will gladly submit. But as this
bill stands, I repeat, it neither affects that ques-
tion for good nor evil. The tenure of officers
who are in their seats, so far as this law is con-
cerned, will only be affected by their own refusal
to obey it. It allows them to remain in place,
unless within thirty days from the time of its
passage they shall fail to take the oath; then
theiroffices would become vacant. Itrecognizes
them as existing officers, not necessarily, as the
gentleman from Illinois says, as provisional offi-
cers, but ns officers existing under the consti-
tution. Here is the provision :
Every such person who shall neglect for the period
of thirty days next after the passage of this act to
take, subscribe, and file such oath or affirmation as
aforesaid, is to be deemed and taken, to all intents
and purposes, to nave vacated his office.
The bill, therefore, recognizes the officers as
officers. It provides that they may remain^as
such without taking the oath required here for
thirty days, but it imposes the duty upon them
to take the oath, and it levels at them the con-
sequences of not taking it within the prescribed
time. But they are during that period officers,
and when they take the oath they are still offi-
cers, subject only to the constitution of the
State of Georgia, and the Constitution and laws
of the United States.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. That is not the oath
I alluded to. I alluded to the test-oath. The
act which provided for provisional governments
also declared that the officers of those govern-
ments should take the test-oath.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, allow me to sav that
when Congress passes this act determining the
oath these officers shall take, it supersedes your
objection and disarms it of all force ; for upon
complying with this act Georgia steps back into
the Union, her officers stand upon her own con-
stitution, and Congress ceases to have power
over those officers beyond what it has over all
State officers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to say a few
words personal to Governor Bullock. He has
been assailed, in the course of debate upon the
subject of Georgia, both now and heretofore,
in the bitterest personal invective. I regard
such debate not only as indecorous here, but
as altogether wanting in that regard to pro-
priety that this House ought always to require.
It is of small importance, in respect to the great
principles before us, what has been done by
individuals in Georgia. Whether Governor
Bullock be a good man or a bad man ought not
to affect the legislation of this body. Whether
it will benefit or injure him is of no moment to
this House in the discharge of our solemn duty.
I have known Mr. Bullock from his earliest
boyhood. His parents reside in my village;
they are my immediate neighbors; and I have
known Governor Bullock well from childhood
to the present hour. With a parentage of which
any man might be proud to boast, he has been
reared to love honesty and integrity.
Thirteen years ago—long before the war—
the duties in which he was engaged called him
into the southern States. There he married,
and there his children have been born and
reared; there all his hopes in life and all his
interests have been cast. By his own intelli-
gence, his practical good sense, his earnest
love for and devotion to right and justice, he has
made for himself a name, and gained for himself
afame that have given him the high position that
he now occupies. He has at all times chal-
lenged investigation into his official and private
character. Yet men stand here to asperse both
without a shadow of proof, acting upon no evi-
dence, but seeming to think that by denuncia-
tion of Governor Bullock they will have gained
their end, and defeated the bill to restore Geor-
gia, and accomplished a purpose for which I
can see no motive on earth. I think they will
fail in this.
Mr. BINGHAM. We will see whether we
fail or not.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 can tell you the secret, Mr.
Speaker, of this attack ori Governor Bullock.
If that man had chosen, as, occupying the posi-
tion he did in Georgia, he might have done, to
strike hands with these legacies of the rebellion,
these purse-proud aristocrats who cannot forget
that the war has deprived them of their slaves
and made those slaves tlieir equals before God
and the law—i f he would have struck hands with
that class of men all would have been well. No
man on yonder side of this House would have
aspersed his conduct. No attack upon his pri-
vate reputation would have been made here.
Georgia would have been reorganized to suitthe
notions of gentlemen who condemn him now.
Her humble, her poor, those whom we have
rescued from bondage and setup in all the rights
of manhood would have gone back agaiu, if not
to chattel slavery, atleasttoa condition scarcely
better.
But such w'as not the conduct of Governor
Bullock. God has not moved in his heart to
commit such outrages upon the spirit of the
ajjje. On the contrary, instead of striking hands
with that class of men, and building up for
himself power and wealth and social relations
with them, he has reached with a warm heart
and an open band down to the poor and hum-
ble of his State. He has sought to protect them
at all times, and to see to it that the rights Con-
gress had given to them were not destroyed or
trampled upon by their former masters, who
fought but failed, to destroy the Government
under which we live.
He has stood up boldly and manfully for the
right, for the equality before the law of all
men, and history will preserve his name when
