5526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would inquire of the
gentleman making this report if he expects to
obtain action on these resolutions at this ses-
sion?
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to have action on
the subject to-morrow; and for that reason I
ask that the resolutions be now read and the
reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman expect
action on the resolutions without the House
knowing anything about the report or the evi-
dence in this case?
Mr. ARNELL. I want the action of the
House on it to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order,
the reports having been receivod without objec-
tion.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether I understood correctly the chairman
of the Committee on Education and Labor
[Mr. Aknell] to say that he presents the ma-
jority report, and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeei.y] presents the minority report,
and that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Arxell] proposes that the resolutions accom-
panying those reports be acted on at this time ?
Mr. HOAR. Not at this time.
Mr. WOOD. If 1 understood the gentleman
correctly, I hope the House will not dispose of
the matter now.
Mr. ARNELL. The gentleman does not
understand my proposition correctly. My prop-
osition is that the reports of the majority and
the minority, together with the testimony, be
printed; that the resolutions of the majority
and the minority shall be now read, and that
then the subject shall lie over until to-morrow
for action.
Mr. WOOD. And that it shall be made the
special order for some hour to-morrow?
Mr. ARNELL. At one o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. I hope that will be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
ordering the reports and testimony to be printed.
The question was then taken ; and the order
to print was accordingly made.
Mr. ARNELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow and made the special order for one
o'clock.
Mr. RAND ALL. Say two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask that the resolutions
accompanying the majority and the minority
reports be now read.
The resolution reported by the majority was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the policy pursued by the United
States toward four and a half millions of its people
suddenly enfranchised by the events of a great civil
war, in seeking to provide for their education to
render them independent and self-supporting, and
in oxtending to them civil and political equality, is
a sourco of just national pride; and that the House
hereby acquits Major General Oliver 0. Howard of
the groundless and causeless charges lately pre-
ferred against hira; and does hereby declare and
record its judgment that in successfully organizing
and administering with fidelity, integrity, and abil-
ity the Frccdmen's Bureau, which has contributed
so much to the accomplishment of the first two of
these great ends, ho is deserving of the gratitude of
the American people.
The report accompanying the foregoing res-
olution was signed by Samuel M. Arnei.l,
John Beatty, George F. Hoar, Washington'
Townsend, C. M. Hamilton, S. S. Burdett,
James N. Tyner, and L. W. Pesce.
The resolution accompanying the minority
report was read, as follows :
i!<,f<olvedt That a copy of the testimony taken by
tho Committee on Education and Labor in the
investigation of the charges made by Hon. Fer-
nando Wood, of New York, against Major General
Oliver 0. Jloward be rolerred to the Secretary of
War, with directions to order a court-martial lor the
trial of said Howard upon the charges so made.
The minority of the committee also recom-
mend the passage of the following joint resolu-
tion :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed-to
take necessary measures to securo tho interests of
the Government in the Howard University, its build-
ings and grounds and thelandsheld by that corpora-
tion, which were paid for by public funds, and to
hold the same subject to the further action of Con-
gress; and that the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to take necessary meas-
ures to recover to the United States any moneys
drawn by General 0. 0. Howard from the Treasury
of the United States as Commissioner of the Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands and
disbursed in aid of churches, religious associations,
and educational institutions not in pursuance of
law.
The report of the minority was signed by T.
V<1. McNeely and A. A. C. Rogers.
The SPEAKER. These reports, with the
accompanying resolutions, will both be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has the evidence been
ordered to be printed ?
The SPEAKER. The evidence will be
printed with the reports.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand that the
evidence embraces about four thousand man-
uscript pages. Of course it cannot be ready
by to-morrow.
Mr. DICKEY. The multiplicity of words
used in the minority resolution shows it to be
a fraud and a humbug.
Mr. ROGERS. Any man who states that
the minority report is a fraud states what is not
true.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. McNBELY. I ho?e that we shall not
adjourn, but that this subject will be made a
special order for to-morrow, and that we shall
consider the report and vote upon it before the
close of the session.
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiim,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a bill
of the following title:
A bill (II. R. No. 2370) to establish certain
post routes.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DICKINSON, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the liies of
the House papers relative to the claim of
George Veltfort, late a lieutenant in the fifl.y-
fouith regiment New York volunteers.
Mr. 1I0LMAN, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of Bryan Tyson.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to reiile the memorial and papers
of A. Penlield ; and also obtained leave to have
printed in tho Globe some remarks relative
thereto. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MAYIIAM, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of J. II. Russell, heretofore
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, in the case of the Hot Springs reser-
vation, Arkansas.
leave to prist.
Mr. DOCKERY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the bill sought to be introduced
by Mr. Farnsworth for a general removal of
political disabilities. [See Appendix.]
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave of absence for the remain-
der of the session.
Mr. FISHER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained l^ave of absence for to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for the remainder
of the session.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for to-morrow and
Friday, on account of sickness in his family.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same: ^
Au act (S. No- 1039) to relieve A. E. Rey-
nolds from civil and political disabilities.
adjournment.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Benjamin, that the House adjourn, there
were—ayes one hundred and three, noes not
counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD : Memorial of William
B. West, late United States consul at Dublin,
Ireland, asking ^compensation for extra ser-
vices.
By Mr. HAMILTON: Memorial and peti-
tion of the merchants of Mariana, Florida,
citizens of the United States, upon the subject
of French spoliations prior to the year 1800,
and praying indemnity for private property
captured, condemned, or confiscated.
15y Mr. HAY: A protest against Coolie
immigration, numerously signed by citizens
of St. Clair county, Illinois.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 13, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the post
route bill. It can be disposed of in five min-
utes and be sent to the other House. The bill
contains no legislation except for the mere
establishment of post roads.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. li. No. 2370) to establish
certain post roads.
Mr. JIELLOGG. I move that the reading
of the bill be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It bad better be read
oace.
TheYICE PRESIDENT. The bill contains
simply the names of localities to and from
which mail routes are to be established.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that a
bill has ever passed the Senate that has not
been read.
Mr. PRATT. There are amendments which
I wish to propose.
kortos's stamp CAXCTLMt.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senatorfrom Min-
nesota give way for a moment? I ask that a
joint resolution, to which I think there can be
; no objection, may be put on its passage; it is
S a joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
; the Postmaster General to continue to use in
I the postal service a certain invention and de-
jj vice for the post-marking of mail packages and
II for the more permanent cancellation of postage
li stamps, and to make a just and equitable com-
