1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
test-oath would not be applied to the officers
elected, and therefore to stick to the candi-
dates already in the field," these candidates
having been selected with an eye to the fact that
they were disqualified and ineligible to office.
I ask the Clerk to read what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
NoxesvillI!, June 30,1869.
D[«-K Sir : X havo just received from E. T. Daniel,
chairman, the following circular:
State Coxsksvativf, Committee,
IticmiOKD, June 23,18G9.
Sir: Humors arc afloat that General Canby will
insist on exacting from all elected at the approach-
ing election the " iron-clad oath." General Grant's
decided opinion is against thi.-. Pay no attention to
these rumors. See your candidates and tell them
that under no circumstances can our candidates bo
changed. i
By order of the committee. !
AValter AVeIR. esq. j
Mr. WHITTEMORE. This, in my opinion, j
was in direct violation of the Constitution of ]
the United States. They knew their disqual- |
ification ; that if the test-oath was applied, as j
itshould have been applied—for General Canby j
had the power under the acts of Congress to j
apply it, the Attorney General to the contrary j
notwithstanding—they knew that nearly two
thirds of their legislators elected could not
qualify.
Out of forty-eight senators twenty-five were
proscribed; of the one hundred and thirty-
eight delegates, eighty were disqualified ; one
hundred and five of the joint assembly, which
comprises one hundred and eighty-one in the
aggregate, had the test-oath been applied,
would have been set aside.
There is no wonder, then, that they wauted
the test-oath clause of their constitution sub-
mitted to a separate vote, for if the constitu-
tion had been voted on entire there would be
no need of the introduction of an oath of any
description into our bill regulating the admis-
sion of Virginia. There is no wonder that the
admirers of this preciouscrowd of law-defiants
should regard oaths with disfavor; that the
speaker of the house of delegates, as yet un-
relieved of his disabilities, should head the
self-constituted eight of the Legislature whose
word gentlemen in their interest regard with
so much importance; there is no wonder tnat
this satne tall, anxious, daily hanger-on at the
Oapitol wishes Virginia admitted upon the
most naked declaration possible to be made.
Mr. Speaker, if my voice could prevail 1
would ask that tlie test-oath, should b© applied
to the incoming Legislature of "V irginia. I am
sure it would be the only guarantee of protec-
tion to the one hundred thousand loyal voters
who fought the gallant fight of the 6th of July
last against the artifices and hatred of then-
enemies, the distrust and opposition of men
who should have been their friends. I am per- .
suaded such alone would bring encouragement j
to those who have been breathlessly waiting
our action in hopes of relief from the fears that
liebefore them as they see Virginia, themselves,
again m the hands of such as have ruled them
with the codes and cords of barbarism. I ain
sure such a condition will, in (lie language of
the Chief Magistrate—
"Secure protection to the person and property of
citizens of our common country wherever they may
choose to move, without relerence to nationality,
religion, color, or politics, demanding of them only
obedience to the laws and proper respect tor tno
rights of others."
Or. again :
" The greatost good to the greatest number; secur-
ity for person and property, and for political opin-
ions in every part of our country.
Not only would I do this to purge the Legis-
lature of such men as have forfeited their
rights to seats in the Legislature through dis-
regard to the laws which alone can restore
them to the Union, but because the judiciary
of the State is to be created by their hands.
The one hundred and twenty-eight judges, from
the supreme bench down to the county judge,
are all to be elected by these disqualified sen-
ators and delegates. Can we believe they,
being in the majority, will suffer judges to be
elected who have not a touch of their condi-
tion ? And if so, where are the interests, the
rights, the powers of the people to receive pro-
tection ? The Quakers of Loudoun county, the
only loyal men of the State during the war,
say they would rather live under loyal bayonets
than the Walker rebel rule. In such hands
we will have occasion to say, '• God save the
Commonwealth of Virginia."
Mr. MAYHAM. "Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. A question, yes.
Mr. MAYHAM. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the Senators named in the
second section of this bill were chosen by the
Legislature which he has characterized as in
part unable to take the test-oath?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. They were.
Mr. MAYHAM. If they were disqualified j
to set as members of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia by what authority can they pass a legal
act or legally elect Senators of the United
States ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I will come to that
before I conclude my remarks. I admit with
the gentleman, my colleague on Ihe committee
[Mr. Morgajt] " a question of grayer magni-
tude " could not engage the attention of this
House than that which is before us. We must
stand by our own provisions, and wo must
enforce them by appropriate legislation until
we are assured of their effectual accomplish-
ment. . . . . n- i- 1
We are not to humiliate Virginia, \vedid
not place her in her present condition. I can
remember with pride the great men of the
past that sprung from her loins and sleep now
within her bosom ; and thank God for their
devotion to my country in the hour of her
earliest danger, the luster of their names and
deeds, all glorious and written upon fame's
bright, burnished scroll. I can point to her
heroic patriots, orators, scholars, jurists, states-
men, Presidents, all who lived to make the
name of an American the boast of the age,
and Ameiica more grand and sublime in her
role as a nation ! I can do all this with as
much satisfaction as he who loves the Old
Dominion the best: but there is another side
of the picture.
I am reminded by the document before me,
which is a copy of the ordinance of secession
of Virginia, that the people of Virginia, who
could have no more valiant campaign on this
floor than the gentleman from NewYork, did,
through their delegates in convention assem-
bled, on the 17111 of April, 1861, pass an ordi-
nance repealing the action of the Convention
of June 25, 1788, which ratified the Constitu-
tion of the United States. In this ordinance
they declare not only the Constitution of the
! United States, hut all the acts of the General
j Assembly ratifying or adopting amendments
! thereto repealed ; that Virginia is a free and
' independent State. The theories of the con-
vention do not agree with the doctrines of the
gentleman from New York. I will not askfor
the reading of this historic document, "wit.li the
names of the signers thereto, but that it may
appear with my remarks in its proper place in
the Globe:
Ordinance of Accession for V irginia.
An ordinance to repeal the ratification of the Con-
stitution of the United State-* of America by the
State of Virginia, and to resume all _the_rights and
poweis granted under said Constitution,. which
passed tlie State convention on tho 17th 01 April,
1861.
The people of Virginia, in the ratification of the
Constii utionoftheUnited States of.America, adopted
by thern in convention on the 25ta day ol Juno, m
the year of our Lord 1T7S, having declared ^tnat the
powers granted under the snid Constitution were
derived from the people of tho "United btates and
might bo resumed "whensoever tho same snould be
perverted to their injury and oppression: and tno
Federal Government having peivcrted s.iid power?,
not only to the injury of the people of'A'irsmia, but
to the oppression of the southern sluveholding States:
! !Now, thorelore, we, the people of Virginia, do do-
i clarc and ordain that the ordinance adopted by the
! people of this State in convention on tho 25Ln day ot
1 June, in the year of our LordlTBS, wherenv the Con-
stitution of the United States of America was rati-
fied, and all acts of the General Assembly1 of this
State ratifying or adopting amendments to said Con-
stitution, are hereby repealed and abrogated; that
the union between the State of Virginia and the
Wfritao nnilar tlin f'nnfiti f ntiAn Z,*
IrllO UiliUll uctv>ccu mc vi > nyium, ellU. lUO
other btates under the Constitution aforesaid is
hereby dissolved; and that the State of Virginia is
in full possession and exercise of all the rights of
sovereignty which belong and appertain to a free
and independent State; and they do further declare
that said Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica is no longer bindiDg on any of the citizens of this
State.
This ordinance shall take effect and be an act of
this day when ratified by a majority of the votes of
the people of this State, cast at a poll, to bo taken
thereon on thefourth Thursdayin May next, in pur-
suance of a schedule hereafter to be enacted.
Done in convention in the cit.y of Richmond on
the 17th day of April in the yearof onrLord 1861,
and in the eighty-fifth year of the Commonwealth
of Virginia. j0HN t. eubank,
Secretary of Convention.
This ordinance was passed by a vote of 88
yeas and 55 nays, as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. William M. Ambler, William B.
Aston, James Barbour, Augustus K. Blakey, George
Blow, jr., James Boisseau, Peter B. Boost, Wood
Bouldin, William W. Boyd, Thomas Branch, James
C. Bruce, Frederick M. Cabell, John A. Campbell,
Allen T. Caperton, William P. Oicil. John R. Cham-
bliss, Manilus Chapman, Samuel A. Coffman, Ra-
phael M. Conn, James H. Cox, Richard H. Cox, John
Crither, Harry Deskins, James B. Dorman, John
Echols, Miers W. Fisher, Thomas S. Flournoy, W.
W. Forbes, Napoleon B. French, Samuel M. Gar-
land, II. L. Gillespie, Samuel L. Graham, Fendall
Gregory, jr., William L.Goggin, John Goode.jr.,
Thomas F. Goode. F. L. Hale, Cyras Hall, L. S. Hall,
Lewis E Ilarvio, James P. Halcombo, John N.
Hughes, Eppa Hunton, Lewis D. Isbell. Marmaduko
Johnson, Peter C. Johnston, Robert C. Kent, John J.
Kindred, James Lawson, Walter I). Leake, William
II. McFarland, Chailes K. Mallory, James B. Mal-
lory, John L. Mayre, sen., Fleming Miller, Horatio
G Moffctt, Robert L. Montague, Edward T. Morris,
Jeremiah Morton, William J. Neblett, Johnson
Orrick, William C. Parks, William Ballard Preaton,
George W. Randolph, George W. Richardson, Tim-
othy Hives, Robert E. Scott, William C. Scott, John
T. Soawell, James W. Sheffey, Charles K. Slaughter,
Valentine W. Southall, John M. Speed, Samuel G.
Staples, Janie* M. Strange.J) ilham T. iSutherhn,
George P. Tayloe, John T. Thornton, William M.
Treadway, Robert II. Turner, Franklin P. Turner,
John Tyler. Edward W aller, Robert H. Whitfield,
Samuol C. Williams, Henry A. Wise, Samuel Woods,
Benjamin F. Wysor—88.
"Nays—Messrs. Edward M. Armstrong, John 15.
Baldwin, George Baylor, George W. Berlin, Caleb
Bosses, George W. Brent, William G> Brown, John
S Burdctt, James Bailey, Benjamin W. Byrne, John
S. Uarlile, John A. Carter, S. Clemens CB. Conrad,
Bobert Y. Conrad, James H. Couch, W. H. B. Custis,
Marshall M. Bent, William H. Dulany, Jubal A.
Eailey, Colbert 0. Fugate. Pey ton Gravely, Algernon
S. Gray, Ephraim B. Hall, Allen C. Hammond, A1
pheus F. Haymond, James W. Hodge, J. G. Holla-
day, Chester D. Hubbard, George W. Hall, John J.
Jackson, John 3?. Lewis, William McComes. James
C. McGrcw. James Marshall, Henry M. Masters,
Samuel McD. Moore, Hugh M. Nelson, Logan Ob-
bum, Spiecr Patrick, Edmund Pendleton. George
McC Porter, Samuel Price, DavidPugh, John 1).
Sharp, Thomas Sittmgton, Burlow Spurloch, Alex-
ander H. H. Stuart, Chapman J. Stuart, George W.
Summer?, Catnpell Tarr, William White, W illiam
C. Wickham, Waitman T. Willey, John Janney, pres-
^^ABSEKTBES—Messrs. Alfred Barbour, Robert E.
Grant Addison Hale, John R. Kilby, Paul McNeil,
John 0. Marr, Thomas Martin, Peter Saunders,
son.—8. , ,,
"Benjamin Wilson was excused,
I can remember, too, the State of Vir-
ginia as the battle-ground of the rebellion ; as
the cemetery of heroes who were true to the
great principles of great men who made Vir-
ginia and our common country great, and ail
this has made me pause in my action. " On to
Richmond " has not been forgotten, ihe con-
federacy, with its head and front and battle-
ments and prisons and castles of death and mis-
i ery.was planted on the James. Mr. Speaker, let
! him who doubts this tarry at Fredericksburg
I and call up the regiments of the slam tor
i freedom's cause, for freedom's laws, bet Dim
I who cavils still pass over the fields and moands
! and mines and graves of the slaughter scenes
I of the rebellion, and he will not think
' are dragging the great old Commonwealth in
i manacles to the embraces of the IImon,
: that we are simply providingfor thefutare^nd
! preventing the recurrence °f w ■ j ,
|i made the heart sick, the A famSy of
j! udcomforted, in our once peaceful .am y
il Stln Virginia to-day there is an esprit among
