1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
they who have aspersed him here or elsewhere
will be forgotten. The history of Georgia will
embalm his name as one whose deeds have
saved her humble poor, the representatives of
actual labor in her fields and her mechanic
shops, and everywhere throughout, the State,
from the burden of constantoppression forever.
His name will stand on her pages not only as
the first Governor of Georgia after the great
rebellion, but as one who amid a storm of
obloquy and reproach, amid threats of assas-
sination and dangers that might appall the
stoutest heart, obeyed the will of God and
the dictates of justice and humanity while
(irmly executing the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to move the previous question. Before
doing so, however, I will yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who desires
to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw the amend-
ment to this bill which I offered this afternoon.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer a
substitute for this bill at this time in order that
it may be printed by to-morrow morning.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will say
that I do not desire to have a vote on this bill
to night, only to have the previous question
called that it may come up the first thing to-
morrow as unfinished business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler J to
allow my substitute to be offered and printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot.
It is not fair at this late hour, after debate has
been closed, to come in with a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow the substitute to be read?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No.
Ml-. FARNSWORTH. Then I hope the
House will vote down the call for the previous
question.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 71, noes 43.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: I call for tellers
upon seconding the previous question.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were twenty-four in the affirma-
tive.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
rum) tellers were ordered.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Farnsworth were appointed to act as tellers.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 78, noes 26;
no quorum voting.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, an-
nounced the following appointments on com-
mittees to fill vacancies, and as additional
members, under the rule of the House lately
adopted, namely:
Committee on Indian Affairs—To fill vacan-
cies: Joseph S Smith of Oregon, and George
M. Adams of Kentucky ; additional member:
Charles H. Van Wyck, of New York.
Committee of Claims—Richard S. Ayer,
of Virginia.
Committee on Naval Affairs—James H.
Platt, jr., of Virginia.
Committee for the District of Columbia—
Lewis McKenzie, of Virginia.
Committee on Reconstruction—To fill va-
cancy: Oliver H. Dockery, ofNorth Carolina;
additional members: Charles H. Porter of
Virginia, and George C. McKee of Missis-
sippi.
Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads—John Fox of New York, in place of
Joseph L. Smith of Oregon, resigned ; and
Lawrence S. Trimble of Kentucky, in place
of George M. Adams of Kentucky, resigned;
additional member: Charles II. Van Wyck,
of New York.
Committee on Education and Labor—Le-
gra\d W. Perce, of Mississippi.
Committee on Expenditures on Public Build-
ings—To fill vacancy: John A. Guiswold, of
New York.
. Committee on Freedmen's Affairs—George
W. Booker, of Virginia.
Committee on Accounts—William Milnes,
jr., of Virginia.
Committes on the Pacific Railroad—David
Atwood of Wisconsin, and John Covode of
1 Pennsylvania.
: Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
—John Covode of Pennsylvania, J. L. Mor-
phis of Mississippi, and Robert Ridgway of
Virginia.
Committee on Agriculture—James K. Gib-
son, of Virginia.
Committee on Enrolled Bills—Legrand W.
Perce, of Mississippi.
' MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate,by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S.
11. No. 97) authorizing the reappointment of
William Pollard in the Engineer corps of the
■ United States Navy; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
leave of absence.
Mr. COWLES obtained leave of absence for
, two weeks.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. ARCHER obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House papers iu the case
of Jshmael Day.
Mr. DICKINSON obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of Margaret Nice, for reference to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, they hav-
ing been referred to that committee in June,
1868.
Mr. LAWRENCE obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House papers in the
case of Sarah A. Graves.
Mr. AYER obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in the case of
Sarah A. Reeves.
The motion of Mr. Stiles, that the House
adjourn, was agreed to—ayes 73, noes 65.
So the House (at five o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The memorial of J.
Buchanan and 38 others, citizens of Steuben-
ville, Jefferson county, Ohio, asking an appro-
priation to aid Captain C. F. Hall in the fur-
ther prosecution of Arctic explorations.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of S. Adler
& Co., and 18 others, citizens and business
firms of St. Joseph, Missouri, asking that all
taxes on distilled spirits be collected at the
distillery or distillery warehouse.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The memorial of John
H. Russell, of Michigan, with accompanying
papers, asking to have his title perfected to
pprtoin 1 <i n rl a
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition from Water
Valley, Erie county, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from Clarence Centre, Erie
county, New York, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of Pusey,
Jones & Co., and 100 others, citizens of Wil-
mington, Delaware, against the repeal of the
navigation laws, and in favor of a drawback
equal to amount of duty, to encourage the build-
ing of American vessels.
_ By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A peti-
tion of merchants of Boston, for the repeal of
certain laws respecting payment of seamen in
foreign ports under certain circumstances.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of William
P. Porter and others, citizens of Massachusetts,
in favor of the improvement of St. Mary's Falls
ship-canal.
By Mr. DONLEY : The petition of John L.
Hays and others, citizens of North Beaver
township, Lawrence county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of George II. Bates, of
Kentucky, and others, citizens of the same
State, praying for the removal of His (Bates's)
political disabilities.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens
of Ritchie county, West Virginia, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citi zens of Wood
county, "West Virginia, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
Julius Schlatebach, for compensation for use
of real estate occupied by quartermaster depart-
ment at St. Louis, Missouri, during the late war.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: The memorial of
T. B. Mitchell, G. W. Mitchell, and J. W.
Mitchell, owners of the schooner Thomas J.
Frazier, of Maryland, sunk while in the em-
ployment of the United States, praying remun-
eration for the same.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of James Legg,
of Burrillville, Rhode Island, and 179 others, for
abolition of duties on coal.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of
William Rose for relief.
Also, the petitionof CoeWells, guardian,&c.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A petition of citizens
of California, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Hibbard,
Spenser & Co., and others, citizens of Chicago,
asking the enlargement of the St. Mary's Falls
ship-canal.
By Mr. KELLEY: Several petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, who derive their support
from the various industries connected with
book manufacture, praying that a specific duty
of not less than twenty-five cents per pound be
levied on all foreign books that enter into com-
petition with American labor, and thirty-five
cents per pound on gilt-edged books.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying that the names of surviving soldiers
of.' the war of 1812 be placed on the pension-
roll.
Also, the petition of John F. Dumas, of
Pennsylvania, praying for satisfaction of claims
which should have been settled by the com-
missioners appointed under the Florida treaty
in 1822.
Also, a petition of a number of cigar-makers,
dealers in cigars, &cM citizens of Philadelphia,
protesting against the proposed reduction of
duty on imported cigars.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: A memorial of a
meeting of soldiers of the war of 1812, held
at Ottumwa, Iowa, asking for the passage of a
law granting pensions to the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Mrs.
Margaret Allcock, of Morgan county, Tennes-
see, praying for a pension from the decease
of her late husband, William Wilson, private
company K, first regiment Tennessee infantry,
to her intermarriage with her present husband,
James Allcock.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Martha E. Jones,
widow of James S. Jones, private company
A, twelfth regiment Tennessee cavalry volun-
teers, praying back pay and bounty.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Henry T.
Schutts, of Zelienople, Butler county, Penn-
sylvania, for a pension.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition of citizens of
Oak Point, Tennessee, asking that the frank-
ing privilege be abolished.
