440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
its sons which makes the traitor of the past the
model for the future. The young men at their
military school, presided over by the great
soldier of the rebellion, drink in treason, study
sedition, and promise avengement for their
fathers' wrongs, who, Asdrubel-like, makes
them swear on bended knees thus to repay.
Ihs fair ones of Virginia, more skilled in the
art of hate, have sworn in the language of poetry,
the sentiment of which I can only remember,
that the sun and moon may be blotted out
of the firmament and the constellations fade
away, but as long as there is a mother in Vir-
ginia to teach her son she will at her knee
educate him to hate the Union, and put upon
his lips as the first words of utterance the sen-
tence which the brutal assassin used when he
sent with hellish spite the fatal ball crashing
through the brain of the nation's noblest martyr,
the motto of Virginia, " Sic semper tyrcmnis."
. Mr. Speaker, for reasons such as I have given
did I introduce a bill providing for the restora-
tion of Virginia ; that the test-oath should first
be applied to her Legislature, and certain other
fundamental conditions agreed to before recog-
nizing her right to representation in Congress.
But, Mr. Speaker, in order that there might be
unanimity of action, especially among the Re-
publican members of the committee, I waived
my personal feelings and views and voted to
support this bill, which I shall do with more
earnestness than the gentleman to whom it was
intrusted, who has, I think, displayed but little
interest in it, which is consistent with his prior
action in the premises.
What, then, Mr. Speaker, do we ask in this
bill ? Nothing more in the main than what lias
been required of other States of the South as a
basis of admission to the Union. The pream-
ble sets forth that Virginia had adopted a con-
stitution republican in form, and assured us
that the people of Virginia will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States;
that they are well disposed to the Government
of the same, and will carry out in letter and
spirU the provisions and requirements of the
constitution submitted under the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress and ratified by the peo-
ple of Virginia.
Mr. MAYHAM. I would like to ask the
gentleman another question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from South Carolina yield ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I yield for a question.
Mr. MAYHAM. If the preamble to which
the gentleman has referred be true as a matter of
fact, does it not bind this House and this Con-
gress to admit the Representatives of Virginia
without other conditions, according to the act
of March 10, 1869 ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I do not think it does.
Wethen enact that the State shall be entitled
to representation in Congress as a State in the
Union upon certain fundamental conditions,
namely:
1. That an oath shall be taken by the members of
the Legislature and all officers of the State, which is
substantially in the words of the third section of the
fourteenth constitutional amendment, unless such
officer has been relieved of his disability by act of
Congress.
2. JChat the constitution of said State shall never
be so changed or amended as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens ?f the United States of a right to
vote or hold office in said State who are entitled by
the constitution of the State to vote or hold office,
cxeept as a punishment for felonious crimes; that no
person shall be denied the right to serve as jurors
and equally participate in the school fund and school
privileges provided in said constitution: Provided,
ihat any alteration of said constitution may be made
wn,h regard to tho time and place of residence of
voters equally applicable to all voters.
3. That all persons exercising tho functions of
executive, administrative, or judicial offices in tho
btatc at the tunc when tho said constitution takes
eitoct, by appointment of the district commander,
shall continue to discharge the duties of their respect-
ive offices until their successors, under said consti-
tution, shall be duly chosen or appointed and ouali-
iied.
Sec. 3. That the election of the United States
Senators by the General Assembly of said State on
the 19th of October last shall have the same validity
as if made by previous authority of law.
I know, Mr. Speaker, of no more lenient,
wise, or consistent manner of treating this case.
By the voting out of the test-oath clause from
the constitution of the State there is left
nothing but a so-called oath of office, which
carries with it little force; and the requirement
of the oath which we have incorporated in the
bill will only carry out the laws of reconstruc-
tion in the lightest form, for the act of July
19, 18G7, if it had'been rigidly enforced would
have compelled every member of the Virginia
Legislature to have taken the oath of office
prescribed for officers of the United States.
And, sir, if the Legislature of Virginia intend
to carry out that good faith which we "are
assured" tliey_will, then they certainly can
have.no objection, for it is requiring them to
individually practice what they have as a Legis-
lature adopted. Such is no more than is re-
quired in South Carolina by its constitution,
which declares that any person disqualified
under the Constitution of the United States
shall be ineligible to office until his disabilities
are removed. And, Mr. Speaker, if any of the
Legislature are unable to take this oath, then
they have no right to sit in the Legislature,
according to the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, and they certainly can take no
offense. I hope this portion of the bill will be
adhered to, with a penalty attached for a vio
lation of its provisions.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Did the members of
the Legislature of either South or North Car-
olina take the oath of which the gentleman is
speaking?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. They have taken the
oath that they are not disqualified under the
Constitution of tho United States for holding
office.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Did they lake the
oath which the gentleman proposes to exact
from members of the Legislature of Virginia?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. No, sir; they did
not; that is, not in precisely the same lan-
guage. The constitution of the State of South
Carolina provides that no person disqualified
under the Constitution of the United States
can enter upon the functions of any office; and
in the oath provided for in the constitution of
South Carolina it is declared by the person
taking the oath that he is not disqualified under
the Constitution.
The clause with regard to the changc of the
constitution, so as to imperil the rights of any
of its citizens to vote or hold office, or serve
as jurors, or participate in the school fund
and privileges, is the same as will be found in
the acts admitting Arkansas, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama
and Florida. We should hold these rights se-
cure for all the people and protect them against
the designs of the crafty who may in the fu-
ture strive to wrest from them their constitu-
tional rights. And if the Legislature in the
future, in utter defiance of these conditions,
attempt to abridge the rights of its citizens
Congress holds the power still to legislate and
enforce its laws.
The holding of the offices which have been
filled by the district commander until their
successors can be elected, appointed, and quali-
fied, is to provide against an interim that might
exist between the discharge of such officers (if
there should be such an attempt immediately
upon the admission of the State) and the elec-
tion of their successors.
As to the validity of the election of the
United States Senators by the Legislature of
Virginia, the Attorney General has already
decided the question, however much we may
differ'as to this decision. He says :
• "Fip0(nu careful consideration, I am now of opin-
ion that the election of Senators, like votine noon
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to ihe
Constitution of the United States, is a part of the
action contemplated by Congress as preliminary to
a restoration ot the State to its full relation to tho
Government of the United States as one of the States
of the Union. The Senators thus elected would
have no power or authority until the Senate of the
United States should have passed upon the validity
of their election and admitted them as members of
that body. Under the act of April 10,1869, the elec-
tion Of members of the Hons© of Representatives
was permitted, and has taken plaee; and when Con-
gress comes to aet upon the whole question of the
reconstruction of the State, it would seem equally
proper that members elected to both branches of thn
national Legislature should present themselves and
be ready for admission to seats in the respective
Houses. The election of Senators does not seem to
me to transcend the action which comes within the
limited and qualified purposes requisite to recon-
struction, but rather to be essential to the complete-
ness of that action, and I think that the military
commander should not interfere with or prevent it."
Having, Mr. Speaker, exhausted more time
than I intended in the commencement of the
discussion, I leave tho matter with the hope
that the bill will pass, which will protect the
many thousands of loyal and true men, white
and black, in the new Dominion in all their
rights gaarantied.under the Constitution, thus
admitting Virginia to representation in Con-
gress " in strict and rigid accordance with the
reconstruction acts, in order that the legisla-
tive and judicial departments of the State gov-
ernment may be in harmony with loyalty and
true republicanism." In conclusion, I ask
that the following document addressed to the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
■Washington, January 11,1870.
To the honorable the Senate of the United States :
Wc, the undersigned, loyal Republican citizens of
Virginia, having this day assembled in the city of
washmgtonfor consultation, and having duly organ-
ized, unanimously represent to your honorable body
that we are anxious for tho prompt admission of the
State to representation upon such terms that a loyal
civil government may bo maintained and tho rights
of loyal men secured, which we feel assured cannot
bp the case if any condition less than the application
of the test-oath to tho Legislature shall be imposed
by the Congress.
The loyal people of Virginia have had no hearing
before the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, or no
notice or information, direct or indirect, that the
committee intended to consider the question of our
admission, until after the same had been acted on
and a bill had been reported to tho Senate for the
immediate a,nd unconditional admission of the State.
Could the views and situation of the six hundred
thousand loyal people of Virginia whom wo repre-
sent, and who are now enduring oppression at the
hands ot the rebels in its most cruel forms, have been
represented before the committee we do not believe
such bill would have been reported.
Lefore the Reconstruction Committee of theHouse
he? ■ people of the State have had. only a partial
Statements, chiefly of a general character, have
been made before it, but no evidence whatever, in
tho legal sense, has been given or asked for, and its
proposed introduction has not been consented to.
While only three persons have been heard before
the committee m favor of the application of the test-
oath to tho Legislature, to wit,, Messrs. Wardwell
-Porter, and Rounds, seven have been heard in opr>o-
Crenshaw'Walker-
If a hearing can n ow be had. and which we respect-
111117 request may be granted, we pledge ourselves
to snow by sworn witnesses of irreproachable char-
acter, residing m Virginia—amongthem judges, mili-
tary commissioners, members of Congress, the Le^is-
etection^c1 —ati°n offlcers' and con<iucfcors of the
1. -That the majority of the Legislature were elected
by intimidation, fraud, violence, and prevention of
free speech, butprmcipallyby thefirst-named auxil-
}fTI; h®feuP°n we respectfully suggest whether
ifc would not be as well to adhere to the existine re-
exPressly provide that before
th e State is admitted Congress .must be satisfied " that
all,the qualified voters had opportunity to vote freely.
Yo fcstra^t, fear, or the influence of fraud/'
2. ihat murders and all sorts of outrages are per-
petrated by rebels upon loyalists, and because oftheir
loyalty, in which frequently no attempt to arrest is
made, and when the oflenders are brought to trial
rebel juries—colored men being as rigidly excluded
*° ■Jury"loo:s af lf ^ey had committed some
Sl§' i?nfl?~a-e^ea3y and ?<ast t0 acquit.
• -"-hat the right of secession has never been re-
nounced, but is now as firmly and universally believed
duri^fte war°. P°°Ple°f Vh'Binia aS at period
rtt !X'Hb U Publicly stated in the canvass by
301 tnoso-callod Walker party that they
the i !?i iSUpl,0f expurgated constitution for
Ss securing, tho admission of the State,
1 1 / election of their candidatesto tho
tlx? i ' Governor and State officers for
linliii? Purpose of defeating its provisions in
- "H11111 nsnts and general education; and
on tliic basis they secured the support of the Conserv-
PM?Y {o.l',tho expurgated constitution and their
btate and legislative tickets.
