2696
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
April 14,
shall remain. Gentlemen are not satisfied with
that, but want to make it lower. One ground
011 which this reduction is advocated is that it
will benefit the planter and the grain-grower.
In the first place, in regard to the grain-grower,
for whom our" New England friends feel so
much interest, let me say that bagging corn
has pretty much gone out of date. Corn is now
transported almost entirely in bulk, and is lifted
by elevators. The old bagging system has be-
come almost obsolete. But the principal mat-
ter in interest here is the gunny cloth. This
is largely used for bagging the cotton of the
South; and in this respect I admit there is a
large interest. But as I have said before, a
better article than any made from foreign ma-
terial can be and is made at home and by estab-
lishments growing up all through the interior
of the country. With the duty standing as it
is now the protection to this manufacture is
much less than the average protection afforded
to the manufacturers of the East.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I withdraw my amend-
ment that my colleague [Mr. Buck] may re-
new it.
Mr. BUCK. I renew the amendment. I do
hope that before the vote is taken on this ques-
tion gentlemen of this House will give some
consideration to the figures already presented
by my colleague. This interest of the cotton-
raising portion of the country is of great im-
portance. The duty upon guuny cloths is now
from 3 to 4 cents per pound—nearly 100 per
cent. As was stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] this afternoon,
our importation of this article has fallen from
15,000 bales in 1859 and 18G0 to 10,000 bales
during the last year; and the price of this
gunny cloth has increased in just the same
proportion as the importation has decreased.
There is now hardly any of this cloth brought
into the country.
Wo shall raise probably 3,000,000 b^les of
coiton during the present year, and upon the
gunny cloth necessary for baling this crop the
tariff would amount, as nearly as I can esti-
mate it, to $2,000,0000. Now, sir, the com-
merce of the country should be fostered where
ever it can be done consistently with the rev-
enues of the Government and a reasonable
protection to home industries. By our high
duty upon this article we have, according to the
estimate of those who understand the subject
better than myself, lost 40,000 tons of tonnage
in consequence of the decrease of importations
of this class of goods. We are at the present
time devising means to increase our commerce
and to build up American shipping. How are
wo to do this? Is it to be done by taxing this
gunny cloth entirely out of existence so far as
the foreign article is concerned, when it has
been shown that the American manufacturer
cannot produce half enough to supply the needs
of the country?
It does seem to me, Mr. Chairman, that wo
should reduce the tariff on this article to the
figures named in the amendment. We shall
thereby revive to some extent the importation
of this articlc. Its importation must almost
entirely cease if wo continue the present taxa-
tion of gunny cloth. I believe in the general
features of this bill as regards the industrial
interests of the country; but I think those mat-
ters touching peculiarly the interests of the
South have not been so thoroughly considered
as matters affecting the interests of the East
and the North and the West. This gunny cloth,
as I understand, does not interfere with the
manufacturers of the West. Their manufac-
tures are generally bagging. This manufacture
of gunny cloth is, as I understand, confined to
a few factories in New England and the middle
States. Now, I put it to gentlemen on the
committee if it is not fair we should reduce this
sufficiently to make our revenue more, build up
our commerce a little, help stimulate the for-
eign trade, and give just what protection the
needs of the country demand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire to
renew the amendment to put gunny bags at 2
cents a pound, and 3 cents for those over 10
cents a yard. Cotton bagging does not belong,
in my judgment, in this category; butifit means
bagging cotton, then it does. If it does, why not
then say so? Cotton bagging is worth 50 cents
a yard, while bagging cotton is as weiall know
worth a great deal less.
Mr. SCHENCK. The language of the bill
is:composed wholly or in part of hemp, jute,
flax, tow, or othermaterial, and suitable for the
uses to which cotton bagging is applied, valued
at less than 10 cents or less per yard."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Or other
material. I think if you were to say "bagging
of cotton " it would be better.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that I have
any objection to that."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
all right, then, on bagging of cotton for corn
and other articles. -
I have been insidiously approached since I
was last on the floor by one who said that now
since we have got juto butts down we should
keep up the duty on gunny cloth, which is
made very largely from them. I do not go for
that. I am for fair play. I would rather keep
gunny bags down. I am for keeping gunny
cloth and gunny bags down in the same pro-
portion. On jute butts wo have reduced the
duty from $10 per ton to $0 per ton, making
a reduction of $4 per ton, and I ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether that is not equivalent to a propor-
tionate reduction here of 1 cent per pound?
I am willing to bring it down 1 cent. I assume
the Committee of Ways and Means adjusted
this on an average and brought it all down on
a level. I think that is as plain as a pikestaff;
and that being so, I desire to bring down cot-
ton bagging and gunny cloth to the same rate
of reduction as we have already made. I wish
to say, Mr. Chairman, that we have lost 40,000
tons of importation per year of this gunny
cloth and gunny bags since the tariff was
raised. That is due to two things. I do not
mean in any way to deceive the House. It is
due in the first place to the great importation
of jute butts which are manufactured in this
country into gunny cloths, and to the fact that
we now bind our cotton almost exclusively
with iron bands. That too, sir, is the reason
why insurance is much less than heretofore
when it was bagged in ropes. Cotton when
bound with ropes, if the ropes were burned,
the cotton would burst open and would be
more readily consumed by the fire. No&,
by putting it up_ with iron bands, if there
be fire, the outside will burn very slowly,
and as the fire has no effect for a long time
upon the iron bands the cotton does not burst
open and the fire is very easily put out. .If
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kklley]
had told us about that he would then have
given us the true reason for the reduction
in the rates of insurance to which ho has re-
ferred. I live in a town which uses more cot-
ton than any other city in the United States.
I know how this thing operates. This bagging
of cotton can now be of much less firm tex-
ture, because of the bales being bound up by
these iron bands. The question is whether
we shall put this rate of tax upon this cot-
ton.
I have stated to the committee that I have
always gone for tho reduction of duty on any
raw material. So I have, and so I shall. Gen-
tlemen say what about coal and what about
salt ? My idea of a manufactured article is
this: any article which when it is made the
value is in the labor is a manufactured article,
and not a raw material. The value of coal is
in the labor, and -the value of salt is in the
labor._ They are manufactures and not raw
materials. Such is my definition of a manu-
factured article as distinguished from a raw
material.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, it is all
very plausible, but gentlemen .do pot keep in
view what the facts are- Jute butts are a ma-
terial coming into competition with flax and
tow and hemp of flas.in this country. They
have 27 per cent, of protection. -Thai is the
average protection on the invoice of last year's
returns in the Treasury Department Cotton
bagging is also a manufacture of this coun-
try. It is manufactured of two things. It is
manufactured of foreign jute butts, and manu-
factured all through the interior of the country
of material we raise there. It is therefore a
matter of necessity, if you are going to dis-
criminate for the purpose of protection, and
intend any of that protection for the material
used in the interior or the manufacture done
in the interior, you will give protection to both
these articles.
Now, protection to a raw material always
ranges very considerably below the protection
given to the manufactured material, for the
reason that the purpose of protection is to pro-
tect labor, and labor does not enter into the
raw material to the extent that it enters into
the manufactured material. It is true that our
flax, our hemp, aud other things of that kind
are made up in part, when they are ready for
market, of labor. And it is the same with any
other raw material, but not to an extent to
require so high a protection as the other. We
endeavored, inasmuch as this raw material had
but 27 per cent, protection by the tariff put on
juto, the competing article, and inasmuch as
the cotton bagging had from 35 to 40 per cent.,
according' to classification, to bring the raw
material up somewhat, leaving the other where
it is. The duty on the raw-material, which
competes with the raw material produced in
the interior, has not been permitted to be
raised. The question then arises, what shall
be dono with the manufactured article? The
committee propose to leave it where it is.
They have proposed no change in tho law,
but permit it to stand at 3 and 4 cents per
pound, which is the duty under the present
law. This arrangement, if the recommenda-
tion of tho committee should prevail, will be,
as 1 said before, for purposes of revenue and
protection combined, that protection being to
an interior interest. Now, suppose that there
is on an average 35 per cent, protection given
to that class of these goods which is ordinarily
used for cotton baling—and that is about it,
for gentlemen from the South will tell us that
this which is most used costs about 5 cents a
pound, or a little over 
Mr. BUCKLEY. I have figures here which
show that the cost of the bagging in bond is
72 cents. This was during last October, the
supply then being rather short.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then a better article is
used for the purpose than I had supposed. If
the price is 7J cents, without tho addition of
the duty, then the protection upon the article
is much less than 35 percent. Now, the point
1 am coming to is this : that these very men
who will not allow from 25 to 35 per cent, of
duty on an article manufacturedintheinterior
of the country never stop short of demanding
twice that amount of protection of their own
manufactures. I call attention to that fact.
They are not content with any protection short
of 70 or 80 per cent, for themselves, but they
think that any duty as low even as 25 per cent,
is quite enough for any manufacture produced
by turning into a fabric a native material com-
ing into competition with the manufactures they
produced from some cheap foreign material.
This has gone on to such an extent that it
has seemed to mo that there was but one rulo
with regard to these gentlemen in the claims they
made, namely, that they should have the high-
est possible protection on everything which
they make, and that they should have every-
thing out of which they raako it free or ad-
mitted at the lowest, possible rate. And now,
when we come i.u to ask very much less pro-
tection than the->v receive, it is to be denied
