*738
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in going to and returning from the same ; and
the sum of five cents per mile for the distance
necessarily traveled from their residence in
going to and returning from said court by the
shortest practicable route.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall be summoned as a juror in any cir-
cuit or district court more than once in two
years, and it shall be sufficient cause of chal-
lenge to any juror called to be sworn in any
cause that he has been summoned and attended
said court as a juror at any term of said court
held within two years prior to the time of such
challenge.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
the act of Congress, approved March three,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, entitled "An
act concerning the selection of jurors in cer-
tain courts of the United States," and the
act of Congress, approved March nineteen,
eighteen hundred ana forty-two, entitled "An
actsupplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
amend the act approved May thirteen, eighteen
hundred, entitled an act to amend an act entitled
an act to amend a,n act entitled an act to estab-
lish the judicial courts of theUnited States,' "
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCXCIX.—An Act relating to the State
of Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the State of Georgia
having complied with the reconstruction acts,
and the fourteenth and fifteenth articles of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States having been ratified in good faith by a
legal Legislature of said State, it is hereby
declared that the State of Georgia is entitled
to representation in the Congress of the United
States. But nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to deprive the people of Georgia
of the right to an election for members of the
General Assembly of said State, as provided
for in the constitution thereof; and nothing
in this or any other act of Congress shall be
construed to affect the term to which any
officer has been appointed or any member of
the General Assembly elected as prescribed
by the constitution of the State of Georgia.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That
so much of the act entitled "A.n act making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and for other purposes,"
approved March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, as prohibits the organization,
arming, or calling into service of the militia
forces in the States of Georgia, Mississippi,
Texas, and Virginia, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCC.—An Act to provide for Invento-
ries and Accounts of the Property of the
United States in the Public Buildings and
Grounds belonging to the United States in
the District of Columbia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior, the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy,
the Postmaster General, and the Adjutant Gen-
eral, andthe Commissioner of Agriculture, each
severally as soon as practicable to make a full
and complete inventory of all of the property
belonging to the United States in the buildings,
rooms, offices, and grounds occupied by each
pi tiem, and under their charge. And here-
after to keep in proper books such inventories
and accounts, acluing thereto an account of
such property as maj be procured subsequently
to the taking of the same; and also an account
of the sale or disposal of any of such property.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
architect of the Capitol extension shall make
out an inventory, and keep a like account
thereof, as provided in section one of this act,
of all property in and about the Capitol, and
Botanical Garden, and the President's House
and grounds.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the officers hereinbefore
required to make and keep such inventories
and accounts, to make out an annual report
thereof on the first day of December to Con-
gress : Provided, That this law shall not apply
to the books, pamphlets, papers, and docu-
ments in the Library of Congress, nor to the
supplies of stationery and fuel in the several
public offices and buildings, which shall be
accounted for as now provided for by law.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCI.—An Act to confirm Title to cer-
tain Lands in Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title of the United
States to all lots, out-lots, tracts, pieces, par-
cels, and strips of land in St. Clair county,
State of Illinois, lying and situate outside of
theUnited Statessurveys as noted in the field-
notes of the United States surveyors, and on
the Mississippi river near surveys seven hun-
dred and sixty-six, six hundred and twenty-
four, and five hundred and seventy-nine, and
near and adjacent to fractional sections one,
two, eleven, and twelve, town[ship] one north,
range ten west, third principal meridian, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed and granted
to said St. Clair county, in said State: Pro-
vided.| That nothing herein shall apply to the
ancient French commons in said county.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCII.—An Act to provide for the
Ueports of the Pueceipts and Expenditures
of the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Kepresentatives of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall bo the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives of the United
States severally to report to Congress on the
first day of each regular session, and at the
expiration of their terms of service, a full and
complete statement of all their receipts and
expenditures as such officers, showing in detail
the items ofexpense, and classifying them under
the proper appropriations, showing the aggre-
gate thereof, and exhibiting in a clear and con-
cise manner the exact condition of all public
moneys by them received, paid out, and in
their possession as such officers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That.it
shall be the duty of the officers hereinbefore
named, and of the Sergeant-at-Arms, Post-
masters of the Senate and House of Kepre-
sentatives, and the Doorkeeper of the House
of Representatives, to make out a full and com-
plete account of all the property belonging to
the United States in their possession, at such
dates and at the expiration of their terms of
service, as provided in section one of this act.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to grant and convey to the trustees of
the public schools for the village of Mackinac,
Michigan, all the right, title, and interest of
the United States in and to a certain inclosed
lot of land with the building thereon erected,
known as the Old Indian Dormitory, situate in
the said village of Mackinac, to be used for
school purposes only. And whenever the same
shall be converted to other uses, it shall revert
to the United States.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCIII.—An Act donating for School
Purposes a certain Lot of Land with the
Building thereon erected, known as the Old
Indian Dormitory, in the Village of Mack-
inac, Michigan.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Chap. CCCIV.—An Act for the creation of
an Additional Land District in the State of
California.
Be it enacted bytheSenate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the dis-
tricts of lands now subject to sale at Humboldt
and Marysville, in the State of California, as
are contained within the following boundaries,
shall constitute a new land district, to be called
the Shasta district, bounded as follows: on the
north and east by the boundary lines of the
State; on the south by the fifth standard paral-
lel north; and on the west by the line between
ranges ten and eleven westof the Mount Diablo
base and meridian, the location of the office
for which shall be designated by the President
of the United States, and may be changed by
him from time to time, as the public interest
may seem to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
register and receiver for said land district, who
shall respectively be required to reside at the
site of the office, be subject to the same laws,
and entitled to the same compensation, as is,
or may hereafter be, prescribed by law in rela-
tion to other land officers in said State.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCV.—An Act to disapprove certain
Acts of the Legislative Assembly of Idaho
Territory, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the rev-
enue laws passed by the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Idaho, January thirteen,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
as provides for a special license, or tax, to be
collected of or paid by Chinamen, or persons
of the Mongolian race, who maybe engaged in
mining, or hold mining claims in said Terri-
tory, and so much of all other laws of said
Territory as discriminate between persons of
said race and other persons, in regard to tax-
ation, are hereby disapproved of and annulled.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
act passed by the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory on the fifteenth day of January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, en-
titled "An act creating the office of district
attorney for each county in this Territory, and
defining their duties and providing fortheir
compensation," be, and the same is hereby,
disapproved and annulled.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by
the Legislative Assembly of said Territory that
provide for the payment of salaries or extra
compensation out of the territorial treasury to
officers holding commissions by Federal ap-
pointment in said Territory, or which provide
any compensation to the members of the Legis-
lative Asssmbly, or the clerks, or attaches
thereof other than that paid by the United
States, are hereby disapproved of and an-
nulled ; and the Legislative Assembly is hereby
prohibited from making any appropriation from
the treasury of said Territory to any such olfi-
