1752
THS WNGHimONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
By Mr. SARGENT s Thepetition of Thomas
H. Selby and 77 others, merchants and busi-
ness men of San Francisco, praying for the
erection of a Government building 011 the cus-
tom-house block in that city.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: A petition
signed by sundry persons, asking for the im-
provement of the harbor of Stonington, Con-
necticut.
Also, a petition asking aid for Captain Hall,
to continue explorations in the Arctic regions.
By Mr. STEVENSON: Three petitions from
business men of Cincinnati, praying for the
repeal of the tax on sales.
Also, a petition from Cigar-Maker's Union
No. 4, Cincinnati, Ohio, relative to the tax
and tariff on cigars.
Also, a petition from oitizens of Groesbeck,
Ohio, praying for the Ab'oUticm of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of
Lieutenant William Sickels, asking for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of James
Cnllitou, for a pension.
Also, the petitiou of Sanjuel E. Gordon, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. WARD : A petition of 46 citizens
of Hornellsville, New York, in favor of grant-
ing Government aid to Captain Hall's Arctio
expedition.
IN SENATE.
Tcesday, March 8r 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
Man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DOUSE Btr,L ltKFEIHlKD.
The bill (H. R. No. 329) granting a pension
to Jerry Gordon was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
B3KCUTIVK .COMMUMSAnONa.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance witb a resolution
of the Senate of February 4, 1870, a list of
all the steamers engaged in transporting mili-
tary stores and property of the United States
which have been destroyed on the Missouri
river north of Omaha during the last five years,
together with a statement of the value of the
property lost by reason of (be destruction of
such steamers; which was ordered to lie on
die table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate * communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, transmitting for information a statement
allowing the increase hi the reeeipts of internal
revenue, month by month, i'rom June, 1869, to
January, 1870; which was referred to'the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PBHTfONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial from delegates the Creek nation of
Indians, remonstrating pn behalf of that nation
against any plan of territorializing that jregion
of coqptry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the petition of sixty citizens of Phillips-
burg, New Jersey, a*U in the same handwriting,
asking Congress to prohibit the Bale as a bev-
erage of all intoxicating drinks in the District
of Columbia; which will be referred, to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition of citi-
zens of New York city, signed by, I think, five
or six hundred, who represent the urgent ne-
cessity for the enactment of a law to prevent
the further absorption of the public lands of
the United States by railroads or other corpor-
ations, and to have the residue of the public
domain forever set apart for the exclusive use
of actual settlers in limited quantities. I move
its reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the. petition
of Mr. Henry Beenv, who represents that as
the very existence of our present form of gov-
ernment depends on the purity of our elections,
therefore it appears to be the primary duty of
Congress, as the legislative power, to secure
to the people the free and untrammeled ex-
pression of opinion, and to guard against, fraud
and illegal voting under which the sovereignty
of the majority may be trampled upon by an
ambitions and unscrupulous minority; and
he earnestly invokes the favorable attention
of Congress to the subject. I move that this
petition be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition
Margaret C. Bell, widow df the late Rear
Admiral Henry C. Bell, United States Navy,
praying for increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions, numerously
signed by citizens of Michigan, praying an
appropriation of $100,000 for the improvement
of the Sheboygan river ; which was referred'
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAftLAN'presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Larimer, praying for relief on account
of losses sustained by Itidian depredations;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have in my hand
a remonstrance signed by Hon. W. D. Ship-
man, United States district judge for Connecti-
cut, and by nearly if not all the members of
the bar in Hartford and Hartford county, re-
monstrating against the transfer of the State
of Connecticut from the second to the first
judicial circuit. They give as reasons the
close connection of business interests between
the district of Connecticut and the southern
district of New York, resulting in a large
amonnt of important litigation brought in the
district of Connecticut by citizens of New
York, the extensive practice in our courts of
practitioners residing in New York city, and
other reasons. I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Hinton Rowan Helper, a name, the Chair will
remember, once very familiar in onr political
discussions, setting forth his services as con-
sul at Buenos Ayres and the inadequacy of his
compensation. The petition is supported by
letters and papers from several ministers who
have been there, and other parties, tending to
show that he onght to receive additional com-
pensation. I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee-on-Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the proceed-
ings of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York, expressing the concurrence of
that body in the resolution passed by the Legis-
lature of Rhode Island in reference to the con-
struction of a harbor of retuge at Block Island,
and I inquire of the Senator from Rhode Island
to what committee they should be referred ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CONKLING. I move the reference of
these proceedings to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present, also, resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce, one of
which I will read :
" That, in the opinion of this Chamber, it isanwise
for thoGeneralGovernment to undertake the busi-
nepsof transmitting the correspondence of the public,
either wholly or in part, by electric telegraph."
With these proceedings I beg to present my
approval of them, and to express the hope that
the day is far distant whe^n the Government of
the United States will embark in the business
of telegraphing. I move that these resolutions
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present a peti-
tion numerously signed by citizens of Saratoga
county, New York, asking for the abolition of
the practice known as the franking privilege.
I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented the petition of
Thomas L. Griffey, praying for the confinna-
' tion of land title ; which was referred to tho
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of L.
C. Morton, of Stanley county. North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
H. Lawson, collector of customs for Crisiield,
i Maryland, asking for an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of sixty
of the principal leading merchants of the city
of New Orleans, praying that certain moneys
paid by them under military orders to the quar-
termaster's department of the United States
Army as "hospital tax," during the years 18C3
and 1864, be refunded to them; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William H. Tyler, Richmond, Henrico county,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a petition of
Lorenzo Sawyer, United States circuit judge,
and ninety-two others, members of the bar of
San Francisco, praying for the erection of a
Government building on the custom-house
block in that city 5 which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. REVELS. I present a number of peti-
tions, numerously signed by members of the
bar and other citizens of Mississippi, asking
, Congress to remove the district court of the
, United States for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi from Oxford to Corinth in that State,
i I move their reference to the Committee en
, the Judiciary.
j The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Peyton S. Alexander, praying compensation
for property taken by our Army during the
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petitions of
John D. 0'. Atkinson, of Paris, Tennessee, and
of William P. Martin, of Columbia, Tennessee,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee On the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
He also presented the memorial of Jesse
Warren and Joseph A. Moore, praying com-.
' pensation for a building taken for the use of
the Army near Nashville, Tennessee; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Robert
1 Lowry, of Tennessee, praying compensation
for a house and furniture burned under orders
of Major General Thomas; Which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
A. A. Hobson, of Christiansburg, Montgomery
county, Virginia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS. Some resolutions, in the nature
of a petition, passed by a meeting of the rem-
nant of the soldiers of the war of 1812, have
just been placed in my hands. I move that
they be received, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
The motion was, agreed to.
REPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
