1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
5. We will show that the pledge made by the Tur-
ner delegation that the Legislature would carry out
the new constitution in its spirit was made with no
purpose whatever of over being fulfilled. "Wo will
prove that some of thcleading members of that dele-
gation shortly afterward publicly avowed that the
pledge was only given tor the purpose of gaining ad-
mission , and they stated that after that event'' they "
—meaning the Congress of the United States—" would
find they had got a lion in the sheep-fold."
One of the party also slated that when General
Butler told him he would "take the word of a Vir-
ginia gentleman " he felt for his watch, because ho
knew the general had very 44taking ways" with
him. Tbev also said thatwhen asked to add to their
memorial to Congress for unconditional admission
the pledge that the Legislature would carry out the
constitution that they would just as readily, if asked,
have certified that General Butler never stole
any spoons; and much more abuse of a shameful
character of (xenyral Butler, and chuckling over
their power to " hoodwink " him and the Congress
of the united States.
6. We will show that Governor "Walker was a cop-
perhead during the war, in full sympathy with the
rebellion, and president of the "Invincible Club"
of Chicago, which was organized for the purpose of
rescuing rebel prisoners from Camp Douglas; and
that his political proclivities have undergone no
change since he has been in Virginia. He was the
candidate of the rebel party of the city of Norfolk
two years ago for a seat in the constitutional con-
vention, and out of a poll of nearly two thousand col-
ored' votes received only eight. He publnly stated
in the canvass last summer thai he should vote for
General R-obert E. Lee for Governor because he was
the greatest soldier of the age, and also because he
and General Lee occupied the same political plat-
form. We will also show that Governor Walker is
pledged to defeat the county organization clauso of
the new constitution, which involves the school sys-
tem; and also, the provisions of that instrument
which arc intended to sccurc the civil and political
rights of the colored people of the State. We can also
show that oven since his election he has publicly re-
ferred t9 the State of Virginia as having been under
usurpation and tyranny for the last four years—mean-
ing thereby, if the language meant anything, to pro-
nounce the reconstruction policy of Congress revolu-
tionary and void,
7. These and other facts which can be established
will doubtless satisfy the Senate that Virginia ought
not to ,be admitted unless the congressional test-oath
shall be required of the present rebel Legislature, and
the seats of those who "annot subscribe to it awarded
to their eligible opponents who received the next
highest number of votes where the circumstances
would justify the application of the English rule,
which would be the case in nearly all if not every
instance.
ISAAC P. BALDWIN,
Chairman. Prince William county.
WILLIAM T. BAILEY,
Secretary, Richmond, Virginia.
JAMES MORRISSEY, Jlichmond, Virginia,
RORERT _NASTON, York county, Virginia.
P. H. MONTAGUE, Richmond.
BURNHAM WARDWELL, Richmond.
WILLIAM E. CROCKETT
Caroline county, Virginia.
GEORGE C. MARSHALL,
Amelia county, Virginia.
JAMES T. S. TAYLOR,
Albemarle county, Virginia.
BALLARD T. EDWARDS,
Chesterfield county, Virginia.
GEORGE C. ROUND, Prince "William county.
A. 0. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
j. R. DOUGHTY,
Prince William county, Virginia.
CHARLES II. PORTER,
Richmond, Virginia.
LUTHER C. TIBBETS,
Fredericksburg, Virginia.
WILLIAM TROY, Richmond, Virginia.
LUTHER LEE, Jr., Norfolk county, Virginia,
SAMUEL D. WILLIAMSON,
Campbell countyVirginia.
J. V/". FLOOD, Powhatan county, Virginia.
Mr, McOQRMIOK, of Missouri. I would
like to ask the gentleman from South Carolina
a question, if he will permit me.
Mr. WHITTEMQRE. Certainly.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does the
gentleman believe the charges made against
Governor Walker in the sixth paragraph of the
memorial just read ?
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to know who has the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has five minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. DAVIS. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, I send to the
Clerk's desk an amendment which I propose
to offer to this bill, and which I ask may be
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the amendment be re*
ported in full.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina yield for the purpose of allow-
ing this proposed amendment to be read?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the preamblo, and in .place
thereof insert as follows:
Re it enacted, &c., That the State of Virginia be ad-
mitted to representation in Congress as a State of
the Union under the constitution ratified by the
people of said State on the 6th day of April, 1869;
and it is hereby enacted and declared that the ad-
mission of said Stat© to representation is made by
Congress in full reliance upon the good faith of said
State of Virginia, pledged to the United States by
the acceptance of representation under this dctthat
the constitution of said Stateshall never be amended
or changed as to deprive any citizen or class of citi-
zens of the United States of the right to vote or hold
office in said State who are entitled to vote or hold
ofheebysaid constitution, except as a punishment
for such crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted under
laws equally applicable to all inhabitants of said
State; or, to prevent any person, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, from serv-
ing as a juror or participating equally in the school
fund or school privileges provided for in said consti-
tution: Provided, That any alteration of said consti-
tution, equally applicable to all the voters of said
State, may bo made with regard to the time and
place of residence of said voters.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all persons
who shall, at the time when said constitution shall
take effect, hold or exercise the functions of any ex-
ecutive, administrative, or judicial office in said
Slate by the appointment or authority of the district
commandor, shall continue to discharge the duties
of their respective offices until their successors, or
those upon whom such duties shall under paid con-
stitution devolve, are duly chosen or appointed and
qualified.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the election
of United States Senators by the General Assembly of
said State on the 19th day of Octobcr, 1869, shall have
the same validity as if made after the passage of this
act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatnopersonshall
hold any offieo, civil or military, in said State who
shall not have taken and subscribed one of the fol-
io wing oaths or affirmations, namely: 44 Ido solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I have never taken an oath as
a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or as
anexecutivcorjudicialofficerofanyState,to support
the Constitution of the United States, and thereafter
engaged in insurrection orrebellion against the same
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof;" or,
441 do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have been
relieved from disability by an act of Congress, as
provided for by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States;" and that every person who shall
take, enter upon, and discharge tho duties of any
such office in said State without having first taken
one of the oaths prescribed by this section shall bo
guilty of amisdemeanor. and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine of not more than $10,000,
or by imprisonment not to exceed one year, or by
both such fino and imprisonment.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That everv person
who shall willfully and falsely take either of the oaths
named in this act, being at tile time of taking such
oath disqualified from holding office under the pro-
visionsofthefourteenth articlcof the amendments of
tho Constitution, phall be deemed guilty of perjury
and shall be punished by imprisonment and fino as
prescribed by tho thirteenth section of tho act ap-
proved March 13,1825, entitled "An act more effect-
ually to provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States," and for other purposes.
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I consider
myself in fall accord in general political senti-
ment with the majority of the committee who
reported this bill; but I am free to confess
that I neither like the amendment now pend-
ing, offered by the gentleman from Ghio, [Mr.
Bixgham,] nor the report made by the com-
mittee. The bill introduced by the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] 1 like
better; but having watched this question of
reconstruction from the beginning to this time
I am unwilling to vote for the admission of
Virginia now under any conditions, and for
the reasons I shall try to give. It has been the
theory of the party which has had control in
Congress since the war ended that on the ques-
tion of reconstruction there was something
more required than the mere form of acquies-
cence in the laws passed here for the govern-
ment of the seceded States. I look back to the
original joint resolution, passed in this House
in 18G8, for the admission of Tennessee, and I
find this language :
" Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to tho Legislatures of the several States,
and has alfo shown to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of her
people, her return to her duo allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the United States:
Therefore," &c.
I look at the report made the same year by
the joint Committee oil Reconstruction, one
of the ablest papers ever presented in either
branch of Congress, and I find this language:
" It seems to your committee not unreasonable to*
require satisfactory evidence that the ordinances
and constitutional provisions which the President
deemed essential in the first instance will be perma-
nently adhered to by the people of the States seek-
ing restoration, after being admitted to full partici-
pation in the Government, and will not be repudiated
when thatobjeet shall have been accomplished; and
here the burden of j>roof rests upon the late insur-
gents, who are seeking restoration to the rights and
privileges which they willingly abandoned, and not
upon tho people of the United States, who have never
undertaken, directly or indirectly, to deprive Ihoia
thereof. It should appear affirmatively that they are
prepared and disposed in good faith to accept there-
suits of the war, to abandon their hostility to the
(xovernnient, and to live in peace and amity with the
people of the loyal States, extending to all classes of
citizens equal rights and privileges, and conforming
to the republican idea of liberty and equality."
I look at the end of the report and I find
these signatures, namely: W. P. Fessenden,
James W. Grimes, Ira Harris, J. M. Howard,
George H.Williams,Thaddeus Stevens, Elihu
B. Washburne, Justin S. Morrill, John A.
Bingham, Roscoe Conkling, GeorgeS. Bout-
well, and Henry T. Blow.
So far in this debate I have failed to hear
this question of the eligibility of the masses of
white Virginians to representation raised, and
whether when you have prescribed your oaths
and your conditions of admission those people
will adhere to those oaths and those conditions
without the presence of Federal bayonets to
compel their enforcement. That is the great
problem which we here as Representatives of
the Loyal People must solve. We ought to
satisfy ourselves that the majority of the people
of Virginia are loyal and will observe in good
faith the new compact into which they propose
to enter. I for one am not convinced that
such a condition of public sentiment exists
among these people. I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read an article which appeared in
the Richmond Evening Journal of December
S, I860.
The Clerk read as follows :
li A Plain Statement of Facts.—The National Board
of Trade has closed its session here, and adjourned to
meet at Buffalo, New York, in 1870. We hope and
believe that tho deliberations of such a body, com-
posed as it was in major part of men eminent iu pat-
riotism, morality, intelligence—men of wealth, high
social and commercial position, and of powerful in-
fluence—will result in the further and fuller dcvel-
] opment of the varied sources of wealth in all tho
States of the Union. We trust, especially, that Old
, Virginia shall reap her share in the general harvest.
! That, however, depends upon the impressions made
upon the distinguished visitors in regard to our ma-
terial resources, facilities for transportation, and
the character of our population; which latter em-
braces the intelligence, morality, enterprise, indus-
try, skill, hospitality, social sentiments and political
opinions of our people." * * * * * *
44 We have reference to the following facts, which
until satisfactorily contradicted or explained wo
shall believe to bo established:
" That neither the military commander of the dis-
trict and staff, nor the mayor of tho city, nor the
members of the common council as councilmen, nor
any Federal officeholder, nor any State officeholder,
being a Republican, nor any private citizen, being
a Republican, were invited to participate in making
arrangements for the reception of the board, or in-
vited to participate in balls, banquets, excursions,
or any other festivity in honor of the national board.
" Nor were the families of such as arc above de-
scribed invited to participate in such festivities as
they might have graced and honored as highly as
the highest born and bred Virginian; nay, invita-
tions were not even extended to tho families of those
Republicans who had the honor of entertaining at
their private houses members of the board and tneir
families.
" Nay, more, wo learn that the Chamber of Com-
merce of Richmond passed a resolution in effect as
follows:
"That whereas the officers of the various branches
of government, Federal, State, and city, not being
representatives of our people: . .
Be it resolved, Thatthey be not invited to partici-
pate in doing honor to the National Board of Trade.
"Which resolution, we believe, was the occasion
of tho apparent neglcct of the common council to
oiler the hospitalities of tho city to the 13oard of
Trade. .t , . .
"And all this happeningin a community claiming
to be for all practical purposes reconstructed, pre-
pared to forget tho past and enter tno Union m a
