1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4585
was allied to a distinguished soldier of the war
of 1812. It seems to me undignified in the
Government to talk about a lady of this age,
whose reputation and character have been good
heretofore, as having forfeited her right to this
pension because her feelings ran out to some
extent for her friends connected with the rebel
army. At her age she is not responsible for
any sentiments she might have held. It was
perfectly natural that this old lady should fol-
low the feelings and sympathies of her friends
without being responsible or regarded as crim-
inal for the feelings she exhibited.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot yield further,
but demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
02, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. Sweeney were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 74.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. Is not this a report from
the Committee on Pensions?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was reported by the
majority of the committee present to test the
sense ot'the House.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
The House divided; and there were—-ayes
47, noes 01.
ilr. SWEENEY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 7'6, not voting
95 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Axtell, Barry, Deck,Bird,
Biair. Booker, George ^<1. Brooks, Buck, Burr, Con-
iior, Cox, Urebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Box, Eldridge,
i:'u:r.V, 1/inkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gibson, IIait?kt,
Jl;i.ldeman, llamili, Harris, Hays, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Latlin, Lewis, jNlayham. McCormick, McKen-
!ie, Jerae H. Moore, Morphia, ilorrissey, Mblack,
Packard, Poland, Potter, Reeves, Rogers, fechu-
maker, Lionel A.Sheldon, Sherrod, JosephS.Smith,
Stiles, {Stokes. Strickland, Swarm, bweeney, Upson,
Yan Trump, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Wmans, and
Winchester—59. , ^ .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Beaman, Ben.uimm,
Bennett, Benton, Buckley, Bnftinton, Bureaaiu.
Burdctt, Benjamin P. Butler, Cessna, William i.
Clark, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,, Cowics,
Ihckcy, Donley. Dyer, Perriss, Jbisher, Gilnllan,
Hoar, Hooper, Kotchkiss, Jenckes, Julian, Kellogg,
Kclsev, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Maynard, McCar-
thy, MeCrary, MeGrew, Mercur, Eliakim II. Moore,
Neglcy, Nowpbam, Packer. Paine, Palmer, PoCk,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Schenck, Seofield, flanks,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, "William. Smyth,
Btoughton. Shong, Tafle, Tanner, Tillman, lown-
gond.TwiehcU. 'iyner. Van Horn, \\ard, Cachval-
Mcr 0. Wi^hburn, William B.Wa^tiburn. ^ elker,
Whifmor<\John T. Wilson, and Wucliei—ib.
"VOX V"OX 1X0- —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Ayer,
Hank5?, Barnum, Boatlv, Bipdiam Bmes,
jiovren, Bovd, James Brooks, Jtodenck Iv. Lutlov,
Cake, Csilkm, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Davis, Dawe?, Dernier,
Dixon, Dockery, Duval, Ela, tarnswori-h, litch,
GarlieJd, Griswold. Hale, Jlambleton, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hurley, Hay, Ileaton, Hcflm, Hill, Hose,
Holman, Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas h.
Jones, Judd, Kelley. Ketoham, Logan, Loughriagc,
Dynch, Marshall, McKee, McNeely, M lines* )\ ilham
Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
2ill, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Perce, leters,
Piatt, Porter, Randall, Hicc, Ridgway, Roots. gim
lord, Sargent, Sawyer, Shober, Sloeuua, \vjlham^J.
fc>m  "" i-
Wilkinson,'■\Villard, Williams, Wood, and Wood-
ward—95.
So the House refused to pass the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RACHEL II. JIlfjLIKBN.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the bill (S.
No. 534) granting a pension to Rachel H. Mil-
liken, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
the same be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that a bill com-
ing from the Senate ought at least to be read.
The fact of its having passed the Senate is of
itself stron g prima facie evidence in favor of
the case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The committee had no
papers before them in this case except the
report of the Senate, and that did not show a
ease which, in the opinion of the committee
required favorable action at their hands.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the following
petitions, and the same were severally laid on
the table:
Petition of Phcebe Hascall, of New York;
Petition of Eleanor W. Piliis, widow of
George P. Pillis; and
Petition of Sarah Goodrich, for increase of
pension.
MAltY II. ALLTNG.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported back bill (H. R. No. 1G16) granting a
pension to Mary H. Ailing.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Mary
IT. Ailing, of New Haven county, Connecticut,
widow of Lewis H. Ailing, who was a contract
surgeon in the service of the United States,
and to pay her a pension from and after the
passage of this act during-her widowhood, at
the rate of seventeen dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and^ also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. NOLAN.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (IT. R. No. 2227) grant-
ing a pension to John H. Nolan; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll the name of John H. Nolan, of
Quincy, Illinois, who was drafted into the mili-
tary service of the United States July I, 1883,
and to pay him a pension from and after the
passage of this act.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved tliat the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now yield to my col-
league on theeommittee, from NewIIampshire,
[Mr. Benton.]
ADVERSE lmrORTS.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petitions ;
and the same were laid on the table:
Petition of 0. G. Vandusen. guardian or
Willis C. Pratt, minor child of R. M. Pratt; and
Petition of Mrs. Helen Carrigan for a pension.
ELIZABETH CTJPP.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2228) granting a
pension to Elizabeth Capp; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill -to be
engrossed and read a third time. :
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension'
laws, tho name of Elizabeth Cupp, the widow
of Valentine Cupp, late a captain in the Mis-
souri home guard, and to fay her a pension
during her widowhood from and after-the pas-
sage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH B0RNHAM.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2229) increas-
ing the pension of Joseph Burnham; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, to increase the pension now paid
to Joseph Burnham from $5 33J per month'
to eight dollars per month, from and after the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Sir. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN F. BOKNUAM.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2230) granting
apension to Benjamin F. Burnham-; which was
read a, first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, tho name of Benjamin P.
Burnham, late a second lieutenant in company
I eighty-fourth regiment United States col-
ored volunteers, and to pay him a pension of
fifteen dollars per month from and after the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN P. WELLS.
Mr. BENTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2231) granting a
pension to Benjamin F. Wells; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of tho Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Benjamin I'.
Wells, late a first lieutenant in company H,
eighth regiment New Hampshire volunteers,
and pay him a pension from aud after the pas-
sage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ana
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
