1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
532) to authorize the appointment of shipping ;
commissioners by the judges of the several'.
JNtrict courts of the United States, to super-
i:>:emt the shipping and discharge of seamen
digged in merchant ships belonging to the
United States, and for the further protection
of seamen, have directed me to report it back
viiliout amendment. This being an important
hi.], and a very long one, I ask that the Senate
gi>-e me to-morrow evening for the purpose of ,
considering it and several other bills from the 1
Committee on Commerce. It will take an
hoar and a half to read the bill. It is a very
important one. 1 simply ask that to-morrow
evening be set aside for its consideration, and
&uch other business as shall not be objected to
from the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks unanimous consent that an even-
ing session be held to-inorrow, to be devoted
to the consideration of this bill and other bills
of the Committee on Commerce to which objec-
tion shall not be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object until the
funding bill shall be disposed of. As soon
;i- the landing bill is passed I shall have no
objection.
Mr. MORTON. I am unanimously instructed [
by the Committee on Foreign Relations to re-
port back the bill (S. No. 8(38) making it a mis-
demeanor to fit out or equip ships of war, or to
sell or furnish arms or munitions of war, with
intent that they shall be employed in the ser-
vice of any foreign prince or State to commit
hostilities against the people of any province,
district, or colony who are in a state of armed
insurrection against such foreign prince or
State, and providing for the forfeiture of such
ship or vessel, with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relatione, to whom was referred the petition
of George Latimer, late United States consul
at Sa:i J uan, Porto Rico, praying for the pas-
sage of an act for the payment of his salary
while discharging the duties of the office, have
had the same under consideration and directed
ine to report it back with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, and I ask to
have the question taken now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent it will be indefinitely postponed ; and
it is so ordered.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 811) to further amend an act entitled " An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1804, and the bill (S. No. 470) to exemptfrom
taxation certain legacies to the Taylor Orphan
A?ylum, in Wisconsin, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I am likewise instructed
by the same committee to report a bill for the
relief of public charities from taxation, in the
nature of a substitute by way of a general law
for these bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The two bills
first reported will be indefinitely postponed;
and the new bill reported will be read by its
title.
The bill (S. No. 637) to relieve public chari-
ties from taxation was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 491) relating to the supreme court of
tlie District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 522) supplementary to an act to reor-
ganize the courts of the District of Columbia,
a d for other purposes, approved March 8,
1S03, to report it back and recommend its
indefinite postponement, the matter being cov-
ered by the other bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
selectCommittee on the Revision of the Rules,
to whom was referred a resolution offered by
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] for
tlxeameudment of the rules, toreportan amend-
ment to it; and I ask to have it printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
read for the information of the Senate ; for I
hope to get action on it to morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amended
resolutions will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That tlio following bo adopted as a rule
of the Senate:
Immediately after the privileged morning business
is completed, and not later than one o'clock, the Cal-
endar of special orders, if any, for that day, includ-
ing the unfinished business of theday previous,shall
bo taken up and disposed of; and after that, or if
there shall he no special orders for that time, the
Calendar of general orders shall be taken up and
proceeded with in its order, beginning with the first
subject on the Calendar; and in such case the follow-
ing motions shall bo in order at any time as privileged
motions, save as against a motion to adjourn or to
proceed to the consideration of executive business,
to wit:
First. A motion to pass over the pending subject,
which, if carried, shall have the effect to leave such
subject in its existing place on the Calendar for action
at the next call of tne Calendar.
Second. A motion to place such subject at the foot
of the Calendar.
Both of these motions shall be decided without
debate, and shall have precedence in the order above
named; and may be submitted as in the nature and
with all the rights of questions of order.
Resolved further, That the twenty-fourth rule be
amended by adding thereto the following words:
After the introduction of resolutions is completed
there shall be laid before the Senate, in their order,
resolutions and concurrent resolutions introduced on
any prior day; and the same shall bo proceeded with
in the same manner as i3 provided in the rule for the
Calendar of general orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a change
in the order of business proposed by the Com-
mittee on Rules, and will lie over one day.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a further reso-
lution not yet read.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved fut titer, That all rules or orders setting
apart particular days for particular classes of busi-
' ness he, and they hereby are, abolished.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will be ordered to be printed, and will lie over
until to-morrow.
bills introduced
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 63b) amendatory of an act'' granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Central Pacific railroad,
in California, to Portland, in Oregon," ap-
| proved July 25. 1866 ; which was read twice
j by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
| lie Lands, and ordered to be printed.
| Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
■ consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
! No. 639) relative to certain claims against the
i United States ; which was read twice by its
I title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
j and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
i No. 640) to promote the civilization of Indians
and to prepare them for the rights and duties
of citizenship; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 641)grantingapensiontoI. Gr. F. Holstein,
late brigade surgeon United States volunteers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
: printed. .
Mr. RAMSEY. Some days since I intro-
duced a bill (S. No. 573) for the relief of Joseph
D. Smith, receiver of public moneys, which
; was erroneously referred to the Committee on
Claims. I think it ought to be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. I move that the
first committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to-introduce a bill (S. No.
042) granting a pension to Riley H. Smith;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 643) in aid of the freedmen and for the
purpose of subdividing the public domain in
certain States into forty-acre tracts for home-
stead purposes for the colored race; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 147) to provide for the
redemption of the legal-tender notes of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be read at length.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved, &c.% That from and after the passage of
this resolution all payments to the United States on
account of duties for imports maybe made, to tho
amount of one half of oach payment, in the legal-
tender notes of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Finance and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 148) for the relief of David
T. Jackson ; which was read twice by its title;
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. 11. No. 149) for the temporary relief
of the poor of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title; referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia;and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 150) to transfer an appro-
priation for the public printing: which was read
j twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the resolution is very
short I ask to have it read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, &c„ That tho Secretary of the Treasury
bo authorized and directed to transfer from the paper
land "underappropriationsforpriuting and binding
for tho year 1839," as follows: for public printing,
890,000; for public binding, $60,000.
Air. ANTHONY. This resolution makes
no appropriation, but transfers appropriations
from one branch of the same service to another;
and as the fund of the branches to which the
transfer is proposed to be made is exhausted
it is necessary for the public service that it
should be done at once. X presume there can
be no objection to it, and I ask for the present
consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better go
over. These transfers of appropriations are
only another name for taking money out of
the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course I do not wish
to call up the resolution now against the wish
of any Senator; but I will state that unless
this resolution or something like it passes the
public printing cannot go on. The Congres-
sional Printer is not able to pay the expenses
from his own pocket, nor is the Committee on
Printing. We are constantly ordering print-
ing, and it will be a very great detriment to the
public service unless the work can go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not make a direct
appropriation ?
Mr. FOWLER. Is it in order to consider
the resolution now?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to press it
against the wish of any Senator.
