1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5529
Island to the amendment of the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. NYE. For a year or more this public-
ation lias been delayed because of the con-
troversy here about this great map, which I
consider the best that has ever been drawn,
and upon which many things appear that are
not on the German map. The objection seems
to be to it that somebody else has attempted
the same work under another name. Suppose
that to be so, shall we not have a map of our
own making and of our own continent to show
its relations to the rest of the world? H&re
is this German map ; but I call on the Sena-
tor from Rhode J aland to show there the col-
umns of statistics as to its lands, &c., which
are more important to our country and its
interests than anything else, and which appear
on this map. There seems to be, from a steam-
ship to a map, in this body a settled determin-
ation that wo shall not have anything Ameri-
can. That is the point. I say, again, that
from a steamship to u map there seems to be
a settled determination that it shall be foreign
and not domestic.
Mr. President, we can make as good maps
as there are in the world 5 and I do not suppose
the honoiable Senator from Rhode Island
objects to this because it may have copied a
portion of the German maps. The real truth
is—but of course the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island docs not know it—that there are
private individuals who are determined to take
possession of this map that Wilson has made
and appropriate it to their own use. It should
be issued by the Government; it should bear
the sanction of the Government; and it is due
to our own country, it is due to that officer that
we should have our own maps and not wait for
Dutchmen or Germans to make them and come
here with them. I protest against it, and I
assert here that this map of the world is the
most attractive and important advertiesment
of this country that can be furnished for the
same money anywhere. 1 do not know what
it will cost, but it is no matter what it costs; it
needs the American stamp ; and not when a
man comes and wants to see a map of the
world in this country, that he is referred to a
German map. There was one hung here in
Uerman that I could not read at all; but my
honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sujixer] could. I want a map that I can read
as well as he.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my honorable friend
from Nevada allow me to ask him a question ?
Does he consider that when we take a Ger-
man map and put a tracing-paper over it and
copy the same map, and then print it here, it
thereby becomes an American map? I do not
want that kind of American manufacture.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that there
are a hundred things on the map that is offered
which are not on this German map.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator tell
what they are?
Mr. NYE. I can tell you; there are the
distances, the lines of trade, the amount of
trade, the history of trade, &c., on that map.
Mr. ANTHONY. Those statistics can be
printed in a pamphlet of four pages just as
well as on that map; and then there are long-
lines of steamboats 
Mr. NYE. But the statistics would be in
English and the map in German!
Mr. SHERMAN, I desire to make a re-
port from a committee or conference ; but I do
not wish to disturb my friends' colloquy.
Mr. NYE. I have heard enough of attempt-
ing to Germanize and Epglishize everything
here, till I am sick of it, from steamships down.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizees the Senator from Ohio to make a privi-
leged report.
Mr. SHERMAN, if the vote can be taken
on the resolution I will not interrupt it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs 011 the concurrent resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the resolution
will not pass j and I will state to the chairmen
of the Committees on Appropriations and
Finance that in my judgment the printing
of these maps will not cost altogether less
than $100,000. I do not think the resolution
ought to be passed. I shall say no more.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is the practical point:
here you have the map which it is proposed to
print printed already in Germany 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make my confer-
ence report 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on agreeing to this resolution. The
Senator from Ohio rises to make a report from
a conference committee, which is privileged,
under a resolution adopted yesterday, for the
remainder of the session.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we can take the
vote on this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not a word more
to sav.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the concurrent resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President •
Mr. ANTHONY. There, is one other mat-
ter 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Rhode Island that the enrolling clerks
will have as much as they can do by Friday
noon to enroll this tax and tariff bill; sol
desire to submit the report now.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
TAX BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the Chair the
conference report on the tax and tariff bill.
Sir. STEWART. I do not think it worth
while to read that report referring to the amend-
ments by numbers. The Senator from Ohio
can tell us what the points are.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report will explain
most of the matters in disputej and if there are
any others 011 which Senators desire inform-
ation, I will answer their questions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read. I want
to understand it.
The report was read, as follows:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
No. 2015, to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and tree conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their rcspcctivo Houses, as follows:
They recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement to tho iollowing amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same, namely: 23, 24,25,2-3,
1:8,29, 31, 33, 34, 39, 43, 44, 46, 47, 48, 53, 54, 50, Gd, (33,of>,
07. 03, 7i>, 72, 7lJ, 82, 83, 84, 85, 80, and 07.
That the Senate- recede Irom their amendments
numbered 30, 35, 38, 58, 5^, 02, 04, and uO; and the
House agree to the same.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
tho third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following' amendment: strikeout all
of said Senate amendment and insert in lieu thercot
the following: '' as hereinafter pro vided, for the years
1870 and 1871, and no longer."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out.
of said amendment the words "oi each year;" and
on page 70, line thirteen, strike out the word "year"
and insert in lieu thereof "of said years."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with tho following amendment : strike
out said Senate amendment and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "tor and during tho year 1871.''
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in line eleven oi said Senate amendment strike out
the word "collected" and insert in lieu thereoi
" levied or assessed."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-sixl h amendment of theSenote, and agree
to the&ame with the followir-g amendment: ;idd the
following:
And the President is also authorized to consolid-
ate in like manner, at his discretion, any two or more
adjoining supervisors' districts, and to retain or ap-
point one supervisor for such consolidated district.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
practicable after the passage of this act the number
of assistant assessors employed shallbepermanently
reduced by the discharge ot* all officers of that class
who are assigned specially to the assessment of any
taxes which shall have been abolished bylaw; and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall bo re-
quired further to reduce the number of assistant
assessors in proportion to any reduction of the ser-
vice of assessment which has been made, or may
hereafter be made by tho repeal of any portion of
the internal taxes.
Sec. —. And be it fur'her emcted. That section
sixty-seven of an act approved July 13,1860, entitled
" An act to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue to
support theGovernment.to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, ar.d for other purposes,'approved June 30,
1804, and acts amendatory thereof," be amended by
inserting after the words " that in any case, civil or
criminal," the words "at law or in equity," Also, by
inserting afterthe words " if thesuit were commenced
in the court below by summons" the words follow-
ing"subpena. petition, or by any other form of ac-
tion, except as hereinafter provided." Also, by in-
serting after the words "or if it were commenced by
capiat" tho words following: "or by any similar
form of proceeding by which a personal arrest is
ordered."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fortieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same with the following amendment: insert in
lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the
Senate the following:
On all molasses, five cents per gallon.
On tank-bottom, sirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, and concentrated molasses,
one and one half cents per pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar not above No. 7
Dutch standard in color, one and three quarters cents
per pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar above No. V Dutch
standard in color, and on all other sugars not above
No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two cents per pound.
On all other sugars above No. lODutcn standard
in color, and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in
color, two and one quarter cents per pound.
On all other sugars above No. 13Dutch standard
in color, and not above No. 16 Dutch standard in
color, two and threo quarters cents per pound.
On all other sugars above No. 16 Dutch standard
in color, and not above No. 20 Dutch standard in
color, three and one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on all refined loaf, lump, crushed, powdered, and
granulated sugar, four cents per pound: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors from the hogshead, box, or other
package, in such a manner as to represent a true
average of the content-? of the package, and from a
sufficient number of packages of the same mark in
each and every invoice,,so that the samples on which
tho classification is made shall be a fair average in
quality of the sugar imported under that maik; and
the classification shall be adjudged on the entire
mark accordingly; and the weights of sugar im-
ported in casks or boxe^shall be marked distinctly
by the custom-house weigher by seoriog the figures
indelibly on each package.
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the forty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment;
Strikeout tie matter proposed to be inserted by
the Senate and iasert in lieu thereof the following:
On ali wines imported in casks containing not more
than twenty-two per cent, of alcohol, and valued at
not exceeding iorty cents per gallon, twenty-live
cents per gallon; valued at over iorty cents and not
over one dollar per gallon, sixty cents per gallon;
valued at over one dollar per gallon, one dollar per
gallon, and in addition thereto twenty-fivo per cent.
ad valore-a. On wines of all kinds, imported in bot-
tles, and not otherwise herein provided tor, the same
rate per gallon as wines imported in casks; but all
hottles ^ontaimug one quart or less than one quart,
and more than one pint, shall be held to contain one
quart; and all bottles containing one pint or lets
snail bo bold to contain one pint, and shall pay in
addition three cents for each bottle.
On champagne and all other sparkling wines, in
bottles, six dollars per dozen bottles containing each
not more than one quart and more than one pint;
and three dollars per dozen bottles containing not
more than one pint each and more than ono half
pint; and ono dollar and fifty cents per dozen bottles
containing one half pint each or less; and in bottles
containing more than one quart each, shall pay, in
addition to six dollars per dozen bottles, at the rate
ot two dollars pergallon on the quantity in excess of
one quart per bottle: J'rovuted, That any liquors
containing more than twenty-two percent, of alcohol
which shall he entered under the name of wine shall
be forfeited to the United States: And provided jur-
ther, That wines, brandy, andotherspirituoushquors
imported in bottles shall be packed in packages con-
taining not less than one dozen bottles in each pack-
age ; and all such bottles shall pay an additional duty
ot three cents for each bottle ; no allowance shall be
made for breakage unless such breakage is actually
ascertained by count a nd certified by a eustom-hou&e
appraiser; andso much ot section fifty-nine of an act
entitled "An act to regulate the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage," approved March 2, 1799,
as provided lor allowance for leakage and breakage,
is hereby repealed.
On brandy and on other spirits manufactured or
