1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269T
us, because the article comes into competition
with their, products.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is -exhausted
on the pending amendment.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I withdraw it.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a word with reference to the present
duty. On this class of articles it occurs to me
that the duty is now too high. It is provided
in the bill before the "HouseHhat gunny bags
shall pay 3 cents a pound. This is precisely
the duty imposed by the existing law. By ref-
erence to the statistics of the Treasury De-
partment I find that this is on an average 100
per cent, on the cost of the article. The fig-
ures of the Treasury Department show that in
1867 the importations were$l,200,000, and the
duty collected was $961,000, which was about
80 per cent. That was on gunny bags and gunny
cloth valued at less than 10 ccnts a pound.
In the year 1868 the value of importations
was $1,004,759, and the duties $816,427; so
that it was 81 per cent. In 1869 the value was
$871,432, and the duties imposed $730,700.
That is the class of gunny bags that costs less
than 10 cents the square yard and pays 3 cents
a pound. Nov/, of the classes that are over 10
cents a yard I find that there are little or none
imported ; and therefore either we do not use
gunny bags the value of which is over 10 cents
a yard, or else we have complete control of
their manufacture in this country. Now, I
submit to the committee that a duty of 2 cents
or 2i cents per pound is an ample duty for the
protection of all the interests in this country,
whether it be the cotton-growers, the corn-
growers, or the manufacturers of these articles,
in this country.- It certainly will not be claimed
by any gentleman upon this floor that in order
to enable men to manufacture these coarse
goods, which are so essential to every interest
in the country, they shall be allowed a percent-
age over and above their cost abroad of from
81 to 100 per cent. I think, therefore, inas-
much as we have kept the raw material at $6
a ton, the manufacturers of this article-can bear
a reduction. I would be content with a reduc-
tion of half a cent a pound.
Mr. BURCHARD Is not the duty of $6 a
ton the same as it is in the present law?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURCHARD. Then there is no reduc-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. There is no reduction on
the raw material.
Mr. KELLEY. There has been no reduc-
tion on the raw material.
Mr. ALLISON. I say that the duty is the
same. But inasmuch as the Committee of
Ways and Means proposed to raise the duty
on the raw material from $6 a ton to $10 a
ton there must have been an undue proportion
between the duty on the raw material and that
on the manufactured article. Now, I think
the manufacturers of this article can bear a
small redaction', and if this amendment to re-
duce the duty 1 cent shall not prevail I will
move, if I can get an opportunity, to reduce
the duty half a cent a pound.
Mr. KELLEY. Youdo not mean to inform
the House that there has been a reduction on
the raw material ?
Mr. ALLISON. There has been a reduc-
tion from the bill as proposed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KELLEY. I speak of the present law.
Mr. ALLISON. Of coarse not; there has
been, none whatever. But I say that the com-
mittee raised the duty from $6 to $10 a ton.
Mr. KELLEY. Is not the duty on gunny
cloth proposed in the bill just what it is in the
present law?
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly; I have said
so at least three times.
Mr. KELLEY. Will not the duties on the
raw material and on the manufactured article
stand just as they are in the present law if this
section prevails?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir ; "and I have said
that at least half a dozen times.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. I rise for the purpose of
opposing the amendment; and I do it for this
reason: I think this tariff is necessary for the
protection of the manufacturer; and to upset
all the fine theories of the gentlemen from
Alabama, [Mr. Buckley and Mr. Buck,] in
regard to the interests of the cotton-growers
being affected by this reduction, I would say
that I know all about this matter of cotton
baling. In four years out of five the grower
of cotton receives about twice as much per
pound for the gunny cloth or bagging used in
putting up the cotton as he pays for that bag-
ging or gunny cloth. It requires about 2 J yards,
if I remember correctly, of bagging to put up
a bale of cotton.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Six yards.
Mr. BUCK. It takes five or six yards.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I can tell the gentleman
that it takes six yards.
Mr. HAYS. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to tell him how many yards
it takes ?
Mr. ARNELL. I do not remember the pre-
cise number of yards, though I have myself
used a great number of yards. But I know
this fact, and I state it again, that in four out
of five years the grower of cotton receives
about twice as much per pound as he pays for
the bagging and gunny cloth in the sale of his
cotton.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. ARNELL. 1 decline to yield. I think
this tariff is necessary for the protection of
the manufacture, and it bears in no way harshly
upon the cotton producers.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man how much gunny cloth we manufacture
in this country?
Mr. ARNELL. I am not able to say how
much we manufacture.
Mr. LOGAN. The fact is that we manufac-
ture 6,000,000 yards and import over 9,000,000
yards. We do not manufacture nearly the
quantity we need.
Mr. ARNELL. I believe that by keeping
the tariff as it now is it will enable us of Ten-
nessee and Kentucky and elsewhere in the
West to produce more cotton bagging. I
repeat that 1 think this tariff is necessary and
it does not bear harshly on the cotton-growing
interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment for the purpose of calling atten-
tion to a point made by my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Schenck,] and to enforce it by
some further remarks. He has shown the
character of this industry; and as against what
he has said some gentlemen here answer that
the article brought into this country is not the
same, and therefore we have before us not a
question of protection, but a question of reve-
nue. Now that very word '' same'' which we
hud in the Russia hemp matter comes in here
very properly. I notice that in the paragraph
in the custom-house returns of the amount of
these articles brought into this country the
language is "gunny bags, gunny cloth, &c.,
wholly or in part of hemp, jute, flax, &c,, or
other like materialsana " like materials "
is what we are after; or if it be not like mate-
rial, it is material for like uses.
Now, I say to gentlemen that since the intro-
duction of this material in the eastern States,
where they are manufacturing gunny cloth and
gunny bags, there has grown up a rival manu-
facture in the West, covering some three ot,
four States with the article of flax, and some
three or four States with the article of hemp,
and those two articles are now the rivals of
the gunny cloth and the gunny bagging of which
these gentlemen have had the manufacture in
the East; rivals in their uses. It is for that
purpose I now desire to call attention to the
facts set forth in numerous petitions which
have been' sent here. I ask the Clerk to read
the summary of one from my owil district, to
show gentlemen the exact nature of the claim
mode in this regard.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A petition from citizens of Warren, Trumbull
oounty, Ohio; setting forth—
"1. That, under protection, thoy have embarked
largely in the manufacture of bagging from ilax
otherwise useless.
" 2. That there is now thus utilized in Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois near 50,000 tons of raw flax, pro-
ducing near $330,000.
"3. Phut in these States there aro thus employed
over W00 persons.
"L That withdrawal of present import duties on
gunny cloth would cripple and destroy this American
industry, entailing a loss of $300,000 raw material,
jSdOO.OOO wages, and over $1,000,000 in machinery.
"5. That such decrease ol duties would Jilcowiso
destroy tho hemp interest in Kentucky and Mis-
souri, and tho juto-basgina manufacture in Massa-
chusetts, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
"G. That tho influences for reduction come wholly
from persons in the trade with British India, and tho
result would inoroaso British freightand labor, leav-
ing our material to go to wasto and our workers
without employment.
"7. The cotton-grower and manufacturer havo n.
common interest with the- bagging manufacturer,
since no tare is allowed on sales of cotton.
" Tho petitioners therefore pra.y that no reduction
bo mado in tho present import duties on j ute or gunny
manufactures."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In conclusion
on-this subject, 1 desire to say that this interest
has recently sprung up in the West, It brings
into requisition our exhausted soils that could
not produce the more fat grains, and it varie-
gates, if gentlemen will allow the use of that
word, or perhaps it would bo better to say that
it diversifies the agricultural interests of tho
West. And manufactures are now encouraged
in the very heart of our agricultural districts.
Now, all I have to say is, that if we are not
going to put down our tariff rates generally, I
insist that tho rates on this interest shall be
kept up as well as the rest. I have before said
that I thought we ought to make some reduc-
tion all around. But if that is not done, then
I propose that this shall not be reduced below
the others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word. I rise partly to say this:
I think that some of our friends have tho idea
that we care more for a high protective duty
in the part of the country wo represent than
we really do. Now, so far as any tariff upon
manufactured articles is concerned, if the duty
upon wool and other raw materials was re-
moved it would make very little difference to
us if we had no more protection than we now
havo. l''or one 1 propose wherever any man-
ufactured article wants protection to look be-
yond Connecticut or Massachusetts or New
England, or any of those States. And if
gentlemen from Ohio or from any part of the
West will say here to-day that they want to
maintain the present duty upon any of these
manufactured articles, I will be one of the
last to be found voting against them.
We have voted to keep the duty on jute butts
at the same rate it is now. Some of us would
have voted differently upon that question if
gentlemen on the other side could have told us
how they proposed to transport their raw matc-
terial from the West to us of the East. But
we considered their flax straw and other like
articles about as difficult of transportation by
railroad as hay or wheat straw, or any other
articles of the kind sometimes used for the
manufacture of cheap paper. For one I have
had no manufacturer speak to me on this sub-
ject, though the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Btjxleb] says that a manufacturer has
spoken to him for a reduction of the tariff on
this manufacture. If gentlemen state the truth
when they say that these goods are made in the
West, then I say that if they want protection
