3642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Ryan was always faithful in his attachment to
the flag. Sii;, these men of wealth and posi-
tion in the South, these men of cotton and
slaves, were not doubted as to their position. ''
One word more. I see that it is nearly two
o'clock, and 1 know that I must stop at that
time; consequently 1 have only touched upon
the first question presented by the Committee
of Elections, the question of ineligibility.
When the subject comes up again I will then
consider the question of the votes. 1 am
authorized by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Basks,] who I regret to see is not (
now in his seat, to say that while he wasin com-
mand of that department he was, during a
period of eighteen months, frequently at Alex-
andria, and was often the guest of Judge Ryau. 'j
He further authorizes me to say that Judge
Ryan was always understood by him and by
his neighbors, as far as he knew, to be a Union |
man. I understand also from Judge Ryan
that he has permission to refer to General
Sherman as a voucher for his loyalty. The
General is well acquainted with him, having
frequently stayed at his house. General Sher-
man was at one time a professor in the univer-
sity of which Judge Ryan was president, and
in the establishment of which he was largely
instrumental. It was in this way that the rela-
tions of General Sherman and Judge Ryan
became intimate.
This settles, I think, the question of loyalty,
the question of eligibility. Here I will leave
the case for to-day, simply asking members,
if the resolution in regard to deciding these
cases judicially be not a farce, to take up the
testimony and examine it. If after such ex-
amination they should believe the commit-
tee justified in declaring Judge Ryan to be a
disloyal man, such a conclusion will be the
result of a mental process of which I can-
not conceive. I do not refer now merely to ,
the weight of the testimony ; but I affirm that :
as affecting this question of eligibility there
is absolutely no testimony which would receive
for a moment the consideration of any impar-
tial court or jury. I am glad to have had the >
opportunity to discuss this case thus far in the !
hearing of the House ; for, whatever, may be
the decision, it is due to Judge Ryan that the
testimony should be placed in its proper light,
that he may be relieved from the aspersions
which, without evidence, without, law, without
justice, in my judgment., have been cast upon
him by the finding of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, and this being the third Friday
of the month, the business now in order is such
as may be brought before the House by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
correction of the journal.
Mr. VAN WYCK.' Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to correct the Journal of
this House of March 21, 1870. I am incorrectly
recorded as voting in the negative on the motion
to suspend the rules in order to consider the
bill for the relief of the Sisters of our Lady of
Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina. In the
present condition of the Treasury I have be-
lieved it impolitic to make payments for losses
sustained during the war, but this case was
presented specially; and knowing, as I well did,
the great services rendered by the Sisters of
Mercy of Charleston to Union soldiersin prison
and hospital, I voted in the affirmative to grant
the relief requested ; and I ask that the Journal
may be corrected accordingly. I never give any
attention to the reading of the yeas and nays,
and not until this morning, when my attention
was for the first time called to it, did I know
that I was recorded in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection to the making of the correction.
corcoran gallery of art.
Mr. COOK reported back from the Committee
for the District of Columbia a bill (S. No. 492)
to incorporate the trustees of the Corcoran
Gallery of Art, and for other purposes, with a
recommendation that it pass.
The bill was read. It, proposes to create and
constitute James M. Carlisle, James C. Hall,
George W. Riggs, Anthony Hyde, James G.
Berret, James C. Kennedy, Henry D. Cooke,
and James C. McGuire, of the city of Wash-
ington and of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia, and William T. Walters, of the city of
Baltimore, State of Maryland, and their suc-
cessors, a body-politic and corporate in law,
by the name and style of the Trustees of the ,
Corcoran Gallery of Art, with the usual powers
of a corporation, and to do and perform all
other acts and things necessary or appropriate
for the execution of the trusts created and con-
ferred on them in and by a certain deed from
William W. Corcoran, to them, dated the 10th
of May, 18CD, recorded on the 18th of the same
month in liber D, No. 8, folio 294, et scquitur,
one of the land records of Washington county,
District of Columbia, to which reference is '
made for greater certainty; the intent of
this charter of incorporation being that the
same shall be in execution of the trusts in
the deed declared and set forth, and not to any
other intent or purpose whatever. The Secre-
tary of War, the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the Secretary of State are also authorized
and directed to ascertain and settle, upon prin-
ciples of justice, a fair and just compensation
for the use of thegroundand buildings described
in the before-mentioned deed while the same
were occupied by the United States for the pub-
lic service; and the sum so ascertained and set-
tled by them, or a majority of them, upon their
certificate and award thereof, is to be paid to
the corporation.
The third section remits any tax which may
be claimed or due to the United States, by
reason of the transfer of the property above
mentioned, or the execution and delivery of
the deed from William AY. Corooran to the
above-named trustees.
! The fourth section provides that the build-
; ing and grounds connected therewith, together
! with all the works of art that may be contained
therein, shall be free from all taxes and assess-
ments by the municipal authorities of the
| United States so long as the same shall be held
and used for the purposes set forth.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I rise to a point
of order. The bill makes an appropriation,
and must have, under the rule, its first consid-
eration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. COOK. The appropriation in this bill
is only an appropriation of the rent due by the
United States for the use of this building.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. How much?
Mr. COOK. It is to be settled by the Sec-
retary who rented the building.
: Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is this subject to
! any control? The amount is not fixed. Who
| is to determine it?
i Mr. COOK. The Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary
! of State. Mr. Corcoran gave $500,000 worth
■ i of property for the purpose of an art gallery
' in this District.
:| Mr. FINKELNBURG. I have'called atten-
i| tion to the subject. If the House is willing I
I do not make further objection.
! The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
biessagk from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed a bill (H. R. No.
1084) to incorporate the Washington Market
Company.
national union savings-dank.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate bill No. 550, to incorpor-
ate the National Union Savings Bank of the
District of Columbia, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that George H. Plant, William S. Huntington,
Lewis Clephane, H. A. Willard,' George W.
Adams, S. P. Brown, William Stickney, B. P.
Snyder, A. L. Sturtavant, J. II. Lathrop, Na-
thaniel Wilson, R. D. Mussey, Zenas C. Rob-
bins, William B. Todd, Edward Simms, Joseph
Casey, James M. Latta, Henry Willard, Wil-
liam II. Philip, Alexander R. Shepherd, Wil-
liam P. Dole, Hugh McCulloch, and Matthew
G. Emery, are hereby created, and their suc-
cessors and assigns shall be, and they are
hereby, declared to be a body politic and cor-
porate by the name and style of the Natisnal
Savings-Bank of the District of Columbia, and
by that name shall have succession and be capa-
ble in law to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, answer and be answered, defend
and be defended, in all courts of law and equity
and elsewhere ; to make and to use a common
seal, and the same to alter or renew at pleas-
ure,'and generally to do and perform all things
relative to the object of this institution which
is now or shall be lawful for any individual or
body politic or corporate to do.
The second section provides that the officers
of said corporation shall consist of a president
and vice president, who, together with seven
trustees, shall constitute a board of managers,
four of whom, if the president or vice pres-
ident be present, shall constitute a legal meet-
ing of such board for the transaction of busi-
ness.
The third section provides that said corpor-
ation shall meet annually in the month of
April, and as much oftener as they may judge
expedient, aud any seven members of said cor-
poration, the president, secretary, or treasurer
being one, shall be a quorum, and the said
> corporation at their annual meeting shall have
power to electa president and a treasurer, who
shall give bond in the sum of $10,000 for the
faithful discharge of the duties of his office,
and all such other officers as may be deemed
j necessary; which officers shall continue in
office one year and until others are chosen in
! their stead ; and all officers so chosen shall be
under oath to the faithful discharge of the
: duties of their offices respectively. ,
1 The fourth section provides that said corpor-
[ ation may receive on deposit, for the use and
i benefit of the depositors, all sums of money
offered for that purpose. All such sums may
i be invested in the stock of any bank incor-
porated by Congress, or may be loaned on
interest to any such bank, or may be loaned
on bonds or notes, with collateral security of
the stock of such banks at not more than ninety
per cent, of its par .value, or they may be in-
vested at the public funds of the United States,
of the several S'ates, or loaned on a pledge of
any of said funds, or invested in loans or mort-
gages of real estate ; provided that the whole
amount of stock held by the institution at one
time in any one bank, both by way of an in-
vestment and as a surety for loans, shall not
exceed one half of the capital stock of such
bank, and that not more than three quarters
of the whole sum deposited in the institution
shall be at any one time invested in mortgages
of real estate. The income or interest of all
deposits shall be divided among the depositors,
or their legal representatives, according to the
I terms of interest stipulated ; and the principal
' may be withdrawn at such times or in such
manner as the corporation shall in its by-lav/s
direct. _
The fifth section provides that no officer,
director, or committee charged with the duty
of investing the deposits shall borrow any
