5530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 13,
distilled from grain or other materials, and not other-
wise provided for, two dollars per proof gallon: Pro-
vided, That each and every gauge or wine gallon of
measurement shall be counted as at least one proof
gallon; and the standard^for determining the proof
of brandy a.nd other spirits, and of wine or liquors
of any kind imported, shall be the same as that which
is defined in the second section of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes, approved June 20,1868.
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, absinthe, kirsch-
wasser, vermuth, ratafia, and other similar spirituous
beverages, or bitters containing spirits and not other-
wise provided for, two dollars per proof gallon: Pro-
vided, That any brandy or other spirituous liquors
imported in casks of less capacity than fourteen gal-
lons shall be forfeited to t.he United States.
On pimento, and on black, white, and red or Cay-
enne pepper, five cents per pound.
On ground pimento, and on ground popper of all
kinds, ten cents per pound.
On ginger root, two cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, five cents per pound.
On cinnamon, and on nutmegs, twenty cents per
pound.
On mace, twenty-five cents per pound.
On cloves, five cents per pound.
On clove stems, three cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty cciits per
pound.
On all other spices, twenty cents per pound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents per pound.
On corsets, or manufactured cloth, woven or made
in patterns of such size, shape, and form, or cut in
such manner as to be fit for corsets, when valued at
six dollars per dozen or less, two dollars per dozen;
when valued over six dollars per dozen, thirty-five
per cent, 'id valorem.
On eyelets of every description, six cents per
thousand.
On ultramarine, six cents per pound.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-second amendment of the Senato, and
agree to tho samo with an amendment, as follows :
strike out the matter proposed to be inserted by tho
Senate and insert in lieu thereof the following:
On flax straw, five dollars per ton.
On llax not hackled or dressed, twenty dollars per
ton; on flax hackled, known as "dressed line," forty
dollars per ton.
On hemp, Manila, and other like substitutes for
hemp, not otherwise provided for, twenty-five dol-
lars per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars per ton.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all of lines five, six, and seven of said Senate
amendment and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
At seven cents or less per square yard, two cents
per pound; valued at over seven cents p^r squaie
yard, three cents per pound.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: in lines
five and six of said Senate amendment strike out
the words "and telegraph Vire shall be subject to a
duty of forty per cent, ad valorem;" in line eleven,
after the word "dollar" insert "and fifty ccnt3;"
strike out all of lines twenty and twenty-one and
insert in lieu thereof the following: "on hair cloth
pf the description known as hair seating, eighteen
inchcs wide or over, forty cents per square yard;
less than eighteen inches wide, thirty cents per square
yard."
That the Ilou&e re~ede from their disagreement to
the fifty-second amendment of theSenate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out the matter proposed to be inserted by
the Senato and insert in lieu thereof the following :
On nickel, thirty cents per pound.
On nickel oxide, and alloy of nickel with copper,
twenty cents per pound.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the samo with the following amendment:
Insert in lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted
by the Senate the following:
Bound, unmanufactured.
JOHN SI 1 HUMAN.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
KOBX. C. SCHENCK,
WM. D. KELLEY,
Managers on tile part of the House.
The conferees of the Senate and House further
recommend that on page 75 of the House bill, at
the end of line fifteen, the following words he added :
Except that the deduction shall bo only $1,000
for any year prior to 1870.
They further recommend that the enrolling clerk
fill the blanks with the numbers of the sections
leferred to in the last ten amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know,
in regard to that last provision, if that is a pro-
vision which was not in controversy between
the two Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator wiU see that
is not in the regular report; but in the last ten
sections there were certain blanks left which
can be filled by the enrolling clerk. We had
some doubt whether the clerk would take the
authority to fill them, the bill having been
agreed to in this shape by both Houses; and
to relieve any ambiguity, and to make the mat-
ter clear, we simply authorize the enrolling
clerk to fill the blanks with the proper sections
there referred to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But immediately before
the provision as to blanks there is an item as
to $1,000 exemption under the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in regard to the
exemption of the Shakers and other religious
societies; they are only allowed the $1,000
exemption before this year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point upon which
I wanted information was whether that was in
controversy between the Houses ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was agreed to. The
amendments to those sections were agreed to
by both Houses; but this was plainly an omis-
sion, and we have asked unanimous consent
of both Houses, at the end of the report, after
the report proper, to insert these words, which
are to cure a manifest omission. We could
have done it in a different way; but we pre-
ferred to have these words put in their proper
place by the action of the two Houses.
Mr. TRUAIBULL. That is not, then, a part
of the conference report?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we ask the unan-
imous consent of both Houses to insert what
is obviously an omission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a new way of
accomplishing such an object. The objection
is not to filling blanks; but on the subject of
income tax the two Houses had agreed ; the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
Senate amendment. What I want information
about is whether this $1,000 exemption is a
matter that was in any way in controversy
between the two Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the Senate act upon
the report, these two little matters come in as
unanimous requests from the committee of con-
ference of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the report excluding those
items as to which the conferees ask unanimous
consent to change the text agreed upon by the
two Houses.
Mr. CASSERLY. I listened as attentively
as I could to that report, and the points in it
are very numerous. For myself, and I think
I speak the views of some other Senators, I
should be very glad to have the chairman of
the Committee on Finance make a statement of
what has taken place upon the more important
of the numerous points acted upon by the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it would be more
satisfactory to the Senate for me to do that. I
will state that the points of controversy were
comparatively unimportant. The House had
agreed to nearly all the material amendments
of the Senate, leaving the conference commit-
tee with very little to do except to harmonize
on a multiplicity of small amendments. One
of the principal amendments in controversy
was as to the tariff on sugar, and I think we
have got a classification of sugar which is rather
an improvement upon either of the two preced-
ing. We think it is satisfactory. We spent a
good deal of time in making a classification of
sugar, and think it is the best that has been
formed. It is in substance adopting the Senate
classification with a slight reduction onmelado
and an increase of one fourth of a cent on one
of the higher grades of sugar.
In regard to the other various amendments,
if any Senator desires to ask for information
in regard to any particular amendment, I will
answer him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should be glad if the
Senator from Ohio would state what disposi-
tion was made of the disagreement between
the two Houses as to the tariff on books.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House agreed to the
Senate amendment on that matter, and it stands
just as the Senate left it.
Mr. CASSERLY. May I ask the Senator
what took place in regard to Bessemer steel?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House itself agreed
to our amendment, so that the conference com-
mittee had not that question before it at all.
As I said before, most of the important amend-
ments of the Senate were agreed to by the
House of Representatives.
The report was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The conferees
on the part of the two Houses ask unanimous
consent 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposition.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The conferees of the Senate and House further
recommend that on page75 of the House bill, at the
end of line fifteen, the following words be added:
"except that the deduction shall be only $1,000 for
any year prior to 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the section pro-
viding for the assessment of income tax on
religious communities who hold their property
in common. We allowed them an exemption
of $2,000 on their incomes for a family of five
persons. By the provision of the section as it
stood before we provided that "any tax on
the incomes, gains, or profits of such societies,
now due and unpaid, shall be assessed and
collected according to this provision." By an
oversight this would allow them to have $2,000
exemption on the income tax for 1869, which
is not yet paid; and it is for the purpose of
avoiding that conclusion that we ask the unan-
imous consent of both Houses to insert this
provision giving them only $1,000 exemption
on incomes accruing prior to 1870. I think
there can be no doubt about the propriety of
it; and we thought it was better to call the
attention of the two Houses to it in this way ;
so that n any Senator objects it cannot be done,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The explanation of the
Senator from Ohio would seem to make it
proper that that should be so, because they
should not have any more exemption than any-
body else on past taxes that are yet to be col-
lected. I rise more for information myself,
perhaps, than for any other purpose. I should
like to inquire how this question stands. My
attention has not been called to this practice
between the two Houses before. If this amounts
to the passing of anew bill, it is open to amend-
ment. It does not seam to be regarded by the
Chair, I observe, exactly as being part of the
report, the question having first been taken
upon the report. Is it in the power of a single
objection to defeat this, or is it open to amend-
ment and discussion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless this passes by
unanimous consent it cannot pass at all. This
particular section has been agreed to by both
Houses; but the unanimous consent of both
Houses, as a matter of course, can waive every
rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Illinois that by par-
liamentary law the text of a bill which has been
agreed to by both branches is not atall referr. d
to a committee of conference. The matter
referred is the disagreeing votes. But upon
three occasions which the Chair remembers,
when the conference committee upon an elab-
orate bill found that the text needed, in some
particular, to be changed to make it consistent,
they asked the unanimous consent of both
branches, and the Chair thinks it was granted
in each case, to allow the corrections to he
made. Both branches would have power to
amend it by a supplemental bill passed to-
morrow ; but this being a shorter process they
submitted to it on the reasons for it disclosed
by the conferees, that on examining the dis-
agreeing votes they found it necessary to make
the changes. Both branches unanimously con-
senting, of course the text of the bill is changed.
-Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand >t
can only be done by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only by the
unanimous consent of both branches.
