442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
spirit of ' true republicanism,' true ' loilty,' true
brotherly love, true devotion to the great interests of
Virginia, true equality, true devotion to the Federal
Union—and, above all, "with an eminently true devo-
tion to General Grant; not taking into account their
true love and respect for the Congress of the United
States at this critical juncture ; all this happening
in a community which repels with magnificent scorn
the contemptible insinuation that the people of Vir-
ginia do not cordially and sincerely welcome all
northern men who come to live among us, be their
political sentiments what they may."
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I see that
the reading of this article from a Richmond
paper pleases my friends on the Democratic
side of the House, their idea evidently being
that it is a trivial matter to bring in hero as
evidence of the spirit of the people of Virginia.
Ordinarily it would be so, but you mustremem-
ber that this convention held in the city of Rich-
mond was a national convention of commercial
men from northern States as well as southern
States, who went there with their eyes and their
ears open for the purpose of learning the spirit
of the people among whom they temporarily
were. And if that paper published in the
very locality may be received as evidence,
there was nothing there to assure northern men
who may want to take these people back into
political, commercial, and social affiliation.
But I hold in my hand evidence more tangi-
ble than that qf daily newspaper articles. It is
a law now in force in Virginia, but which was
so odious, so barbarous, that the military com-
mandant (General Terry) of that district caused
its execution to be suspended. But it was sus-
pended only by military law, and were military
force removed the act would be in force to-day,
It is called the vagrant act, and virtually rees-
tablishes slavery. It reads as follows:
CriAP. 28.—An act providing for tho punishment of
vagrants, passed J anuary 15, I860.
Whereas it is represented to the General Assembly
that there hath lately been a great increaso of idle
and disorderly persons in some parts of this Common-
weal th, and unless some stringent laws arc passed to
restrain and prevent such vagrancy and idleness the
State will be overrun with dissolute and abandoned
characters, to the great detrimentof thepublicweal:
For remedy whereof,
1. Be it enacted, by the General Assembly, That the
overseers of the poor, or other officers having charge
of the poor, or the special county police, or the police
of a,ny corporation, or any one or more of such per-
sons, shall be, and are hereby, empowered and re-
quired, upon discovering any vagrant or vagrants
within their respective counties or corporations, to
make information thereof to any justice of the peace
of their county or corporation, and to require awar-
rant for apprehending such vagrant or vagrants, to
be brought before him or some other justice; and if
upon due examination it shall appear that the per-
son or persons are within the true description of a
vagrant, ashereinaftcrmentioned, suchjusticeshall,
by warrant under his hand, order such vagrant or
vagrants to be employed in labor for a.ny term not
exceeding three months, and by any constable of
such county or corporation to be hired out for tho
1 ?est wages that can be procured; to be applied, ex-
cept as hereafter provided, for the use of the vagrant
or his family, as ordered by the justice; and if any
such vagrant or vagrants shall during such time of
service, without sufficient cause, run away from the
person so employing him or them, he or they shall be
apprehended onthewarrantof a justice andreturned
to the custody of such hirer, who shall have, free of
any further hire, the services of said vagrant for one
month in addition to the original term of hiring; and
said employer shall then have the power, if author-
ized by the justice, to work said vagrant confined
with ball and chain; or should said hirer decline to
receive again said vagrant, then said vagrant shall
be taken by the officer upon the order of a justice to
the poor or work-house, if there be any such in said
county or corporation, and be delivered to the over-
seer or superintendent, who shall work said vagrant
forthebenefit of said county or corporation; or if
authorized by the justice to work him confined with
ball and chain for the period for which he would have
had to serve his late employer had he consented to
receive him again; or should thore be when said
runaway vagrant is apprehended any public work
going on insaidcounty or corporation, then said va-
grant, upon the order of a justice, shall be delivered
over by said officer to tho superintendent of such
public work, who shall, for the like last-mentioned
period, work said vagrant on said public works eon-
fined with ball and chain, if so authorized by tho
justice. But if there bo no poor or work-house in
said county or corporation,and no public work then
in progress-therein, then, in that event, said justice
may cause said vagrant to be delivered to any person
who will take charge of him, said person to have
his services free of charge, except maintenance,
for a like last-mentioned period; and said person
so receiving said vagrant is hereby empowered,
if authorized by the justice, to work said va-
grant confined with ball and chain; or should no
such person bo found, then said vagrant is to be
committed to the county jail, there to be confinedfor
the like period, and fed on bread and water. _ But
the persons described as the -fifth class of vagrants,
in the second section of this act, may be arrested
without warrant by the special county or corpora-
tion police, and when so arrested shall be taken be-
fore a justice, who shall proceed to dispose of them
in the mode proscribed in this section, or may at
once direct them to be committed to prison for a
period not exceeding three months, to be Kept m
close confinement and fed on bread and water.
2. The following-described persons shall be liable
to the penalties imposed by law upon vagrants
First. All persons who shall unlawfully return into
any county or corporation whence they have been
legally removed.
Second. All persons who not having wherewith to
maintain themselves and their families live idly and
without employment, and refuse to work for tho
usual and common wages given to other laborers in
the like work in tho place where they then are.
Third. All persons who shall refuse to perforin the
workwhich shall be allotted to them by the overseers
of the poor, as aforesaid.
Fourth. All persons moving about from door to
door, or placing themselves in streets, highways, or
other roads to beg alms, and all other persons wan-
dering abroad and begging, unless disabled or inca-
pable of labor.
Fifth. All persons who shall come from any place
without this Commonwealth to any place within it,
and shall be found loitering and residing therein, and
shall follow no labor, trade, occupation or business,
and have no visible means of subsistence and can
five no reasonable account of thomselves or their
usiness in such place.
! 3. All costs and expenses incurred shall be paid
| out of the hire of such vagrant if sufficient; and if
not sufficient, the deficiency shall be paid by the
! county or corporation.
; 4, This act shall bo in force from its passage.
| Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to ask
l when the law was passed ?
| Mr. PALMER. In 18C6.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. During the reign of
i Andrew Johnson. Does not the gentleman
! from Iowa know that, the present constitution
| of Virginia, when approved by Congress and
i put in force, will nullify that act? And if the
j gentleman desires to get rid of those bad laws
| in Virginia, made before the rebellion and dur-
ing the reign of Andrew Johnson, the best way
will be to set up that constitution which is anti-
slavery and secures equal rights to all without
distinction of color.
That is the way to get rid of the bad laws,
j It is said that black men are not called to sit
as jurors, and why? BecauseVirginia is under
military rule and the old laws of Virginia are
still in force; and that will be the case till the
guide, the action of the Legislature of Virginia,
constitution recently adopted comes in force.
Mr. PALMER. Will the gentleman state
what clause of the constitution annuls it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That provision of
the constitution which secures equality of civil
and political rights of all men before the law,
and requires that all officers of the State of Vir-
ginia shall swear that they will accept the doc-
trine of equality of rights of all men before the
1 law without distinction of color.
Mr. PALMER. If that is all the guarantee
: the gentleman has it is a very poor guarantee.
! Before 1 get through I will try to show him
! that we have had a superabundance of that
| sort of guarantees in the southern States al-
| ready alleged to be reconstructed, and which
! fail to protect the property and liberties and
lives of the citizens of those States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
; tell me how he proposes to get rid of that law
! of 18CG unless the State is admitted?
! Mr. PALMER. I will state to the gentle-
| man that if that people down there are anxious
I to show that they accept in good faith the spirit
! as well as the letter of the thirteenth and four-
! teenth amendments to the Constitution of the
j United States, to say nothing about the fif-
, teenth, they would long ago have voluntarily
j repealed that law, instead of compelling the
| military authorities down there to suspend it
| by force.
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, does not the
! gentleman know that they have had no Legis-
' iature since that time to repeal the law ? How
are they going to repeal a law without a Legis-
lature ?
Mr. PALMER. I supposed, and the gentle-
man from Illinois will yet learn, that there was
a local Legislature in Virginia the same as
there has been in each of the other unrecon-
structed States under the reconstruction laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No such thing.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I was going
on to speak of the evidences of the present
disloyal sentiment of the people of Virginia.
There are now in the State prison at Richmond
six hundred inmates. Four fifths of that num-
ber are blacks. The military authorities have
been compelled in hundreds of cases to inter-
fere to prevent outrages upon blacks in the
administration of the civil, law. Evidence has
been furnished to me from which I could prove
that men have been sentenced to imprisonment
there for terms of three, four, atid five years
for the trivial offense of stealing half a bushel
of meal, and they would have had to serve out
their terms of imprisonment but for the coun-
termanding orders issued by the military com-
mandant. The people who have the spirit
thus to tyrannize over the blacks of that State
are the ones into whose hands you commit the
administration of the government of that State
if this bill shall pass both Houses. The pres-
ent military commandant in Virginia will tell
you if you will ask him officially, or he will
tell you if you ask him unofficially, that it was
with great difficulty that he could find men
enough to serve as sheriffs and other civil-officers
in some of the counties, for the reason that
threats were made against them that if they
qualified their lives even would not be secure.
This has been the case within the last year
when these men expected to come here and
ask admission to representation in this Hall
and in the Senate.
More than this, it is known that the blacks
in the States which have been reconstructed
are voters, and they ought to be qualified by
education to be intelligent voters. What is
the spirit of the whites of Virginia toward the
blacks in their midst on this subject of educa-
tion ? Sir, after the so-called Conservatives had
accepted the aid of the blacks and had gone
side by side with them to the polls, it would
have been no more than decent on the part of
the former to have extended every possible
encouragement in the way of education to the
latter. What have they done ? They have not
afforded a single dollar of aid for the establish-
ment of common schools for either the blacks
or the whites. On the other hand, you find
that a military school in the city of Lexington,
where the Federal flag is only kept floating by
Federal military force, and where the rebel
youth of the South are taught to worship the
memory of the "lost cause, " receives the aid
of an annual appropriation of $15,000 for its
support from the Virginia treasury. You will
find that there is an annuity also from the pub-
lie treasury for the support of the institution
over which presides the head of the rebel army,
Robert E. Lee. You will also find a public
annuity, and a liberal one, for the support of
the university at Charlottesville, all for the
benefit of the men who are the ruling class,
the rebels of Virginia; but not a dollar, not a
farthing for the blacks of that State.
These are some of the evidences of the spirit
of that people whose representatives you pro-
pose to bring back here into these Halls of
Congress, to make laws not only for the peo-
ple of \ irginia, but also for the constituencies
you represent.
It seems to me that if gentlemen would stop
to look at recent developments in even the
best of the reconstructed States, they would
pause before casting their votes for the admis-
sion of Virginia upon an^r conditions. I have
no doubt the people down there would accept
of any oaths you might present to them, iron-
clad or otherwise. I remember very well that
soon after the close of the war the Legislature
of Georgia elected as one of its United States
Senators the vice president of the southern
confederacy; and knowing very well that he
would have to take an oath that would amount
