1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
ole for the sake of benefiting the Lynn shoe-
maker. He endeavored to destroy a manufac-
ture of this country, which would have the
effect of compelling the Lynn shoemakers to
rely upon a foreign market exclusively. To-
day he proposes to concentrate all manufac-
tures in a parj^cular locality, and the agricul-
tural employments of the country in another,
and the raising of particular products in an-
other. He is for making war upon any who
would diversify the industry and employments
of the country.
If, Mr. Chairman, I believed that the effect
of a protective tariff was to be what my col-
league has assured us to-night would be its
effect I would be the last man to stand up and
defend it. It is because I believe that it will
have just the opposite effect, that it will build
up manufactures in the West and make a mar-
ket for them at their doors, that I think it will
have a beneficial effect on this country, and if
it does not do that it will not have that effect.
I believe that just so far as you spread these
manufactures all over the country you will ben-
efit it, and just so far as you concentrate them
in any particular locality, in New England or
any other, you damage the country to that
extent, and any policy of legislation that results
in that is the worst possible policy for the pres-
ent prosperity of this country. If the West
has no hope of a better market nearer home
than she now has the time will never come when
she can fully develop the utmost productive
capacity of her soil.
The Bast, if they are to rely solely upon such
legislation as will give them protection in their
particular locality, can never have any certainty
of policy or any certainty of industry in this
country. Their only hope is that these pur-
suits are spreading all over the country and
bringing stability of policy and permanence of
legislation. Within the last five years more
woolen manufactories have sprung up in the
West than existed in all the East or do exist
there at this day, and the only hope of eastern
manufacturers is in the fact that in the West
woolen manufacturing is springing up, and that
in the South they are to carry the machine close
to the cotton fields and manufacture the cotton
where they raise it. Under this state ol' tilings
we shall understand what our nation is capable
of being—a great producing and a great manu-
facturing nation at one and the same time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment.
I have sought the floor, Mr. Chairman, with
u view of calling the attention of the committee
to what is proposed by the gentlemen who have
offered amendments here, and especially some
of my associates who come from the cotton
region. They would have a policy like this:
for a cotton crop of some 3,000,000 bales in
the United States they would send to India for
the bagging; they would send to England for
the ties to bale it; they would then ship the
whole crop, after it was baled and hooped, to
Manchester to be woven and manufactured, and
then they would bring it back, or such portion
of it as they had occasion to use for consump-
tion here. That is what gentlemen call trade,
that is commerce,-that is encouraging the ship-
ping industry of the country.
Why, we might go a little further, and have
our firewood taken across the water to the col-
lieries of England, and have it cut up there in
convenient form for fuel and brought back.
That would increase the amount of our ship-
ping; it would increase railroad transporta-
tion. It is that policy precisely which has
kept the South poor in all time. It was that
policy that made cotton-raising a losing busi-
ness. It was that policy that kept the South
in debt. She was told it was the tariff and the
navigation laws, and the Lord knows what;
but it was that false policy.
Now, sir, I would encourage the production
of the bagging to cover our cotton as near to
where the cotton grows a3 may be. I would
have the iron hoops that are to bale it pro-
duced from our o-wn iron, of which w*e have
an abundance. I would have the cotton, when
it is raised, manufactured as near as possible
to the cotton-field. We would then use what
we want, and the rest we would send abroad.
That I regard as legitimate commerce.
Now, on looking to this article of cotton bag-
ging I see that in 1867 we imported 32,000,000
pounds; in the next year, 1868, 27,000,000,
and last year 24,000,000, or only three fourths
as much in 1869 as in 1867, and yet the cotton
crop was larger in the latter year than in the
former. The bagging came from somewhere
or other, and where it came from it is easy to
understand. It was from the increase in the
manufacture of cotton bagging here at home,
and in our own mills, not only from material
imported from abroad but from material raised
at home. Now, I represent to gentlemen who
represent eastern manufactures that they are
here, or should be here, as the representatives
of the industries of the whole country, and that
they cannot afford to support a narrow, mean,
local policy, such as has been intimated more
than once hero upon this floor. If they could
carry out those views on this or that particu-
lar question, I warrant that it would be a
losing transaction in the end. " There is that
withholdeth more than is meet, and it tendeth
to poverty." Gentlemen cannot afford to urge
here that the duty on an article, such as hemp
for instance, which is now only 8 per cent, ad
valorem, shall be reduced to 5 per cent, and
expect that they and their constituents shall
thrive by that kind of policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. From the
discussion which has taken place here I have
discovered the fact that I am not very much
of a free-trader. I was delighted to hear the
remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Burciiakd.] I have listened to quite a num-
ber of speeches on this floor from gentlemen
from Illinois and other States of the West, and
this is the first time I have heard one word
from that section in favor of a tariff for pro-
tection at all. It is true the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beqk] argued here in favor of
the protection of some article in which liis State
was particularly interested. We have gone far
enough in the discussion of this subject to dis-
close one factwhich must be apparent to every
member on this floor, and that is that we all
have our local interests which we desire to pro-
tect and to promote. It is perfectly right that
such should be the case, and it illustrates the
force of the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that every inter-
est in this country must have its fair share of
attention from the Government.
I agree with the gentleman from Tennessee.
[Mr. Maynard,] that the people of the South
desire and need protection. When their ports
were blockaded during the war of the rebellion
they could not make agun-cap, they could not
make the clothes they required to wear. Their
weakness in that respect was disclosed by the
war, a weakness which existed in times of
peace. Now, I insist that this tariff shall be
made to operate fairly upon every interest of
the country. I say that the tariff proposed upon
this particular article is unfair, for the figures
show that it is at least 100 per cent. It is
an article which enters into extensive con-
sumption in the South by the cotton raisers,
and also in the Mississippi valley by the corn
producers. I think the duty on it should be
reduced, and not left at 100 per cent, as now.
I ask the Clerk to read a paragraph from a
circular which will show the fact to be what I
have stated.
The Clerk read as follows;
"(hmny Cloth.~'Ihe annual speculative movement
in cloth was inaugurated tliis year during January
and, in connection with the" regular southern de-
mand, continued with but slight fluctuations uutil
October; the market being characterized gencrally
by much firmness on the part of holders, occasioned
by small shipments from Calcutta and favorable ac-
counts of the growing crop. Prices during this period
advanced from 8 cents, sold, in bond, and 18 oents,
ourrency, duty paid, to 10r cents and 2Si cents, the
highest figures reached during the year. Although
in October the supply was much reduced from the
usual averago, and although the shipments from
Calcutta continued light, holders having before them
the experience and disappointment of the previous
year, were inolined to force their stock rather faster
than the southern demand would warrant, and, as
a consequence, the xnarkot experienced a decline of
fully 3 cents, currency. This weakness continued
throughout November, and a few sales were made
as low as 7i@7J cents, gold, bond, and 18i@19 cents,
currenoy, duty paid."
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. From that
it will be seen that the duty on this article is
100 per cent., as I have said; altogether too
high for the interest of the consumers of that
article. And when the price of cotton shall
fall a little below what it is now then the gunny
cloth, or the wrapping material of the cotton,
will cost move per pound than the cotton will
sell for. It is a fact that we have not a supply
of this wrapping material in this country. We
have not bad enough to put up the compara-
tively small amount of cotton produced in the
last two or three years; and our cotton had
to be put up m old coffee sacks, corn sacks,
and anything of that kind, in consequence of
the scarcity of this material caused by this
prohibitory tariff.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on an
amendment to strike out the last word.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last two words. I rise for the pur-
pose of expressing, as a Representative of a
New England district, my amazement at the very
bold and courageous statement of the gentle-
rnau from Massachusetts [Mr. ButlerJ as to
what is his policy with regard to a protective
tariff. His idea of a protective tariff seems
to be, that it is for the purpose of building up
a few manufactures in his district, and of de-
stroying manufactures everywhere else for the
purpose of making everybody in the country
pay tribute to his constituents. Certainly, sir,
if we should follow his views in this respect
we cannot turn round and say that he has
misled us by false pretenses. He certainly has
stated clearly and boldly the ground on which
he bases his proposition.
Now, sir, 1 believe in protection; not pro-
tection to American manufactures merely,
not protection merely for a finished and com-
plete product ready for use, but protection to
American industry wherever that industry is
employed, whether on the farm, in raising
wheat or corn or flax or hemp, or in the shoe
manufactory at Lynn, or in the manufacture
of lastings for making shoes, or in whatever
other form the industry of the country may be
employed. Certainly, sir, if I asked here pro-
tection for any industry in my district, and at
the same time refused protection to an industry
in any other gentleman's district, I should feel
that I was acting entirely from selfish consid-
erations ; that I had thrown aside all preten-
sion to statesmanship in my action upon this
question; that I had abandoned the idea that
J was a citizen of the whole country, and was
settling myself down into the conviction that
I was merely a Representative of a small dis-
trict in Vermont.
There can be no correct system of protection
in this country unless it contemplates protec-
tion to all industries. The argument of the
gentleman upon the other side of the House
[Mr. Cox] that an industry giving employ-
ment to 0,000 or 10,000 :or 20,000 people is
not to be protected because the product of that
industry is consumed by^ millions, is in itself a
sound argument; and if protection stopped
with the advancement of a single industry that
argument could not be answered. But, sir,
protection does not stop with the building up
of a single industry. . We are endeavoring to
protect all-industries, to protect the consumer
everywhere as well as the producer, to protect
the product of the man who raises flax, hemp,
