1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4587
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the following
cases; and the same were laid on the table:
Petition of Esther J. Farnum ;
Petition of Theophilus Jones, father of
George Jones, late a private of company I,
eighty-sixth New York volunteers ;
Petition of Mrs. Catharine Howe, for a pen-
sion ; and
Petition of Mrs. Mary Stafford, widow of
Thomas Stafford, late a private company C,
ninety-ninth New York volunteers.
MRS. MAKY PETKIK.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from, the same
committee, reported back House bill No.
1092, for the relief of Mary Petrie, widow of
George C. Petrie, late a private seventeenth
Michigan infantry volunteers, with an amend-
ment.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Mary
Petrie, widow of George C. Petrie, late a pri-
vate of the seventeenth Michigan infantry vol-
unteers, upon the pension-roll at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence from
the 28th October, 1862, to be paid during the
period of lier widowhood, together with the
amount allowed by existing laws for the child
or children of private soldiers who died of dis-
ease contracted in the service of the United
States, upon satisfactory proof of the' exist-
ence of such child or children of said George
C. Petrie under the age of sixteen years.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the words " to commence from the 28th
day of October, 1862," and insert the words " to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider all
the voles taken during the morning hour to-
day ; and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
afternoon of this day, after the morning hour,
has been assigned to business reported from
the Committee of Claims.
dr. j. milton best.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
Dr. J. Mikton Best; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
officers' accounts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with 1
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill (b.
No. 459) to authorize the settlement of the
accounts of officers of the Army and Navy,
with an amendment.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of disbursing offi-
cers of the War and Navy Departments arising
since the commencement ot the rebellion and
prior to the 20l.h day of August, 18g6, to allow
such credits for overpayments, tind for losses
of funds, vouchers, and property as they may
deem just andreasoaable, when recommenoed,
under authority of the Secretaries of War ana
Navy, by the heads of the military and naval
bureaus to which such accounts respectively
pei tain. The second section provides that the
accounts of military and naval officers, whether
of the line or staff, for Government property
charged to them, may be closed by the proper
accounting officers whenever in their judgment
it will be for the interest of the United btates
so to do ; provided that such accounts origin-
ated firior to the 20lli day of August, lStiti.
The amendment reported by the committee
was as follows:
Provided, That no settlement shall bemade forthe
officers of the Treasury under this act which shall
exceed the sum of $5,000, and only of such officers
of the Army and Navy in the paying departments m
whose accounts there isnoapparentfraud against the
United States: A,nd provided further, That this act
shall remain in force for two years from and after its
passage, and no longer.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee whether that amendment
means that the sum of $5,000 shall comprise
the whole amount of the accounts of the
accounting officer to be settled, or whether it
means that no amount greater than $5,000
shall be allowed to a man in a case where the
claim is equitable, and where the account fol-
lows the vouchers ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
means that the settlement shall not be made
where there is a discrepancy in the accounts
exceeding the amount of $5,000.
Mr. LOGAN. If that is the meaning of the
amendment, I have no objection to it. A bill
once before passed the House, and went to the
Senate, making a similar provision. If the
meaning had been that the accounts should
not exceed in amount $5,000, tha.t would not
include anybody.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
there is any doubt as to the meaning of the
amendment I will modify the language so that
it shall read, " where the discrepancy shall
exceed," &c.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman which I think is only fair. I
once had a little experience as a quartermaster,
many years ago, and I know how difficult it is
to settle accounts even when they are really
just. I do not wish to oppose the amendment
of the Committee of Claims, who have ex-
amined the account and know more about it
than I do. But I would ask the gentleman,
would it not be fair to insert $10,000 as the
limit of the discrepancy, so as to leave the
accounts to be settled on the ground of equity?
I may mention as an illustration of the trouble
connected with the settlement of these ac-
counts an instance of a quartermaster in the
regiment I went out with at the commencement
of the late war, as honest a man as ever lived,
who has not had his accounts settled because
there was a difficulty about two pounds of
candle-wicks, and two sets of tent-poles.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I may
say to the gentleman, with reference to the
amount fixed in the amendment, that it was
agreed to on consultation with the accounting
officers. They thought there was scarcely any
account that would not be covered by this. It
there should be a discrepancy greater than
$5,000, it was thought in such cases a settle-
ment might be effected by a compromise. We
think that in this bill we have given as much
power as we could properly grant, a«l after
consulting with the departmental officers famil-
iar with the question they thought it would
cover all the accounts. The committee unani-
mously agreed on the amount of $5,000. If
now and then a case should occur where there
is a greater discrepancy than that, such a case,
if the circumstances warranted it, might be
referred to Congress.
I want to say only this: that this bill amounts
simply to wiping out or closing up the old
books and starting a new set ot books. _ It
seemed to the committee that it was an im-
mense power to put in the hands of the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, even with the
limitation which it is propssed to place upon
it. There are eases pending, which with that
amendment would be placed in the hands ot
the accounting officers, amounting to hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars. The committee
thought Congress would be unwilling to place
unlimited power in the hands of those account-
ing officers. ...
So far as these cases are concerned to which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] re-
fers, the cases of quartermasters and commis-
saries whose accounts are held up for irregu-
larities, all, with the exception of the large
accounts, would be covered by this bill; and
the committee thought that was as far as Con-
gress would be willing to go. We have no per-
sonal feeling in the matter, and will submit
cheerfully to what the House may deem best.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a few words
in explanation. A bill precisely like this, with
the exception of the amendment, was reported
by me from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and passed this House. The Senate has also
passed a similar bill; the Military Committee
of each House prepared and reported the same
bill. This is the Senate bill with an amend-
ment attached. So far as the principle of the
amendment is concerned I have no objection
to it except that a bill has already passed the
House and a similar bill has passed the Senate
without the amendment.
But, knowing what I do with reference to
the settlement of accounts in the Departments,
I know that Congress need never have any
fear that the accounting officers will allow any
man's account to be passed if there is any
earthly way for getting around doing so. They
seem to take special delight in hanging up
accounts, if for no other reason than some
quibble about a pound of candle-wick. I think
that a clerk in the Department gave as a rea-
son for that a far more understandable explan-
ation than any I ever heard given before. He
said, "If we were to settle all these claims as
they come up our vocation would be gone.
There would be no necessity for so many clerks
in the Departments." That is about all the
reason that can be given why an account cannot
be settled at once, and why it sometimes takes
five years to settle an account for fifty cents.
And after consultation with officers of the
Department—I will say more, that the Second
Comptroller helped to draft the bill—the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs reported a bill, which
passed the House. I am willing to agree to
the amendment proposed if the limitation is
made $10,000.
Let me illustrate my reason for such a lim-
itation. Not long ago in the settlement of an
officer's account he could not account accord-
ing to strict rules for an item of some forty
barrels of whisky. The facts of this case were
these: during some sickly season, under di-
rection of the medical bureau, an order was
issued giving a certain allowance of whisky
to some soldiers who were working in the.
trenches. The quartermaster issued some forty
barrels of whisky to a brigade, under the order
of the brigade commander, in pursuance of the
directions of the medical bureau. But his
voucher was not exactly what v/as required
by the strict regulations of the Department,
although he had a copy of theorder under which
the issue was made, and the receipt for the
whisky from the officer receiving it for distribu-
tion. But inasmuch as his account was not
strictly in accordance with the regulations it was
suspended for years. The account -amounted to
more than ten thousand dollars ; itis all right,
and the officer is honest. There was only a
little discrepancy between the rule laid down
by the Department and the form of the order
under which he acted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was his pay suspended?
Mr. LOGAN. It was suspended, and he has
never received a cent, and never will until his
account is settled. I do not know whether it
has been settled during the last few weeks, for
I got disgusted with the matter and left if.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
not press the matter if objection is made, but
will withdraw the bill rather than take up time
w'mi\LOGAN. I do not ask the gentleman
to withdraw the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
say but a few words. By the passage of this
bill every claim of every name and description
