1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
longer familiarity with this matter, that prob-
ably the public interests will be subserved by
having a joint committee in this case, I would
not put myself in the attitude of objecting;
but 1 really impressed with the idea that
there is never much value in joint committees
ot' the two Houses of Congress. It is to ex-
press this apprehension that I say anything
with regard to this resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Indian
Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations,
of members of which committees, I presume,
this joint committee will be made up, have
now some difficulty in obtaining proper appro-
priations in the House of Representatives, from
the want of information there upon Indian
affairs. Much complaint has been made of
that, and it arises from the fact that the treaties
with the Indians heretofore have been consid-
ered in the Senate, and all the evidence has
been presented here ; and when thotse treaties
were ratified by the Senate they involved large
appropriations of money. Such appropriations
have Keen objected to in the House of Repre-
sentatives from the feet, I presume, of their
not being properly informed on the subject.
It seems necessary that the House, through a
joint committee, should be informed upon the
subjects embraced in this resolution, and I
trust that such a committee will be appointed.
It seems to me that it is absolutely necessary
if we intend to have harmony in action between
the Senate and the House upon these treaties
and upon these appropriations. I trust there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We should undoubtedly,
Mr. President, have more harmony and quicker
action of the two Houses in disposing of the
money of the people and in passing any kind
of bills if we had all the committees joint; be-
cause then, when a committee reported, you
would have got the united expression and har-
monious expression of the representatives of
the two bodies. Perhaps that might be still
further improved upon by consolidating the
two bodies together, and then you would not
be obliged to have the action of more than one;
but my impression has always been that the
theory of the Government was that you should
have two independent bodies, who should sep-
arately and independently examine the pro-
priety of expenditures and the propriety of
proposed laws, each for itself, through its own
agents, so that each should operate as a check
upon the other against hasty and improper legis-
lation. I take it*that is a proposition the Sen-
ator from Oregon will not deny.
Now, what is this proposition? I of course
do not suppose that it is intended to work any
such result; but as the Senator puts it him-
self, it is merely to induce the House of Repre-
sentatives, looking at it from this stand-point,
through the agency of a committee, to agree to
what, through the agency of one of their own
committees, they would not agree to. That is
the fair statement, I believe, of the substance
of his point. Now, is it wise and right that
we should make provision of that sort? If I
correctly understand it, obviously it is not.
There is no greater danger of hasty legisla-
tion and of improper legislation than is to
be found in having joint committees which
propose legislation. For purposes of invest-
igation, to inform the two Houses of facts, it
frequently happens that a joint committee is
convenient; but for the purpose of legisla-
tive action it is against the whole theory of
this Government, and every other whose legis-
lative department has two branches, that there
should be such joint action of committees. It
ought not to exist. There are some extreme
cases where, as a matter of practical detail, as
in the case of the Committees on Printing, who
attend to the execution of the orders of the
two bodies, it is convenient and useful to have
it so, though I am not sure but that it would be
better if those committees were separate for
each House, and did not act together at all.
So, Mr. President, it seems to me that Sen-
ators will hesitate before they enter upon the
work of disposing of all Indian questions and
Indian appropriations through the instrument-
ality of a joint committee, which shall operate
upon the two Houses always in exactly the
same way, for it overthrows the very spirit
upon which the separate investigation by the
two bodies rests.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the funding bill is before
the Senate, and the question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cor-
bett,] to strike out the fifth section.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire of the
Senator from Ohio who lias charge of the
funding bill, if he will not permit this concur-
rent resolution to be disposed of if it can be
done in a few minutes? There are members
of the other House who insist on having the
judgment of the Senate on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the vote could be
taken without further debate I should not
object.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no wish to debate
it. I, however, desire the judgmentof the Sen-
ate on it. It is a resolution that comes from
the House of Representatives. Leading mem-
bers of that body think that differences of
opinion which heretofore have existed in rela-
tion to the Indian policy might be harmonized
if such a committee as this could be raised.
It does not contemplate a continuous commit-
tee, but a special committee that will end with
this Congress, and it is worth the experiment,
I think. At least I desire the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if this
contemplates the continuance of the two In-
dian Committees of the two Houses as now
organized ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. It does not
contemplate interfering with either of those
committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But everything is to go
to this joint committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Anything either House may
wish to send to this joint committee may be
sent. The resolution has been modified.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it would be more
economical at any rate to consolidate the two
! existing committees and let them act together,
I rather than make any change of this kind.
II The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
I to passing over the funding bill informally for
|! the purpose of continuing the consideration of
, this concurrent resolution, subject to a demand
jl for the regular order?
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be no fur-
i ther debate I will not object. If there is to be
further debate I must insist on the regular
order.
| Mr. HARLAN. I only want the judgment
| of the Senate.
i Mr. CORBETT. I wish only to say a word
in answer to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to my friend from
Oregon to let us have a vote of the Senate. I
doubt not Senators understand the subject.
Mr. COLE. I think thfe resolution had better
go over. It is a new proposition to me, and I
should like to look into it.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
I goes over.
i PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
J A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the_ 7th
instant approved and signed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 266) to authorize officers of
i the Executive Departments to administer oaths
in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 374) to amend an act entitled
" An act to extend the time for the Little Rock
1 and Fort Smith Railroad Company to com-
plete the first section of twenty miles of said
road," approved April 10,1869; and
I A bill (S. No. 436) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOtJSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1335) to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 195) to authorize the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of
the soldiers' monument committee of Rock
Island county, Illinois, certain condemned ord
nance; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) author-
izing the issue of blankets to enlisted men of
company B, tenth infantry, to replace others
destroyed by fire.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate of the United Statet:
Herewith I have the honor to transmit a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Interior relative
to the obligations of Congress to make the necessary
appropriations to carry out the Indian treaties, made
by what is known as the "peace commission" of
1867.
The history of those treaties, and the consequences
of non-compliance with them by the Government,
are so clearly set forth in this statement that I deem
it better to communicate it in full than to ask tho
necessary appropriation in a shorter statement of
the reasons for it. I eartiestly desire that if an In-
dian war becomes inevitable the Governmeat of the
United State* at least should not be responsible for
it. Pains will be taken and force used if necessary
to prevent the departure of expeditions referred to
by the Secretary of the Interior.
U. S. GKANT.
Executive Mansion,
March 8,1870.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit tLe State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress
of the United States, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FUNDING BILL.
i The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refhnding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Corbett to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to strike out
section five of the committee's amendment, in
the following words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the coupons
of said bonds may be made payable at the Treasury
of the United States, or at the office of an authorized
agent of the United States, either in the cities of
London, Paris, Berlin, Amsterdam, or Frankfort, in
dollars or the equivalent thereof, in sterling money,
in francs, or in thalers.
Mr. SCOTT. I send an amendment to the
Chair to the funding bill, of which I gave notice
last evening. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment now
offered, together with the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,]
presents a question to which I wish to invite
the attention of the Senate and to the facts I
will submit to them. These two sections are
not material or vital to the principle of the
bill; but they are necessary means and agencies
by which it is proposed to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury in the exercise of his discre-
tion to sell and negotiate these bonds. The
fifth section contains provisions somewhat
