2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
&c. By protection upon such products the pro-
ducer ot them is enabled to buy shoes ma-m-
factured in the district of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. By the protection which we
give to a man growing some product which
comes in competition with some foreign pro-
duct we enable him to pay the enhanced cost
(if protection enhances the cost) of any article
■which he may need and which in like manner
comes into competition with a foreign pro-
duct. In this way we make our protection gen-
eral. We do not protect a special interest
merely; we protect all interests. When we
adopt such a system the argumentthat protec-
tion favors only special interests, that it is
class legislation, calculated to enrich the man-
ufacturers only and to take money out of the
pockets of the laboring classes, falls entirely
to the ground. I can see no reason in favor
of voting for protection for particular indus-
tries, unless I am prepared to vote for it when-
ever any other interest is proved to need pro-
tection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, who said:
Mr. Chairman, I had hoped not to trouble the
committee again, and I would not do so had I
not horrified my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] and
entirely disturbed the nerves of my lriend
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] as wellas ren-
dered myself open to the criticism of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means by
stating a fact, and the moment I stated the
fact everybody said, " Why, that is his policy."
Now, 1 state you cannot get manufactures to
llourish in the West, where you have so much
cheap laud. We work in our factories forseven
years in order to save money enough to get a
little laud to die on. When we can get it in
three months instead of seven years wo will
go where the land is so cheap. That is the
reason why manufactures will not flourish in
the West, hot-house them as you will.
My friend says they can keep their head
above water. Yes; but they will duck back
again when the storm comes. When men can
get land cheap in the West they will not refuse
to take it up. They will not work in the mills
when they can work under the cope of heaven
upon land of their own, which they can get
for the asking. I say again, sir, knowing the
full responsibility of what I utter, that I never
expect to see the day when the majority of the
people in the country, or a great portion of
them, will be working in the mills ; and I have
lived from boy to manhood and now to middle
age in a manufacturing country.
.Now, sir, one word more about this question
of whether manufacturing encourages agricul-
ture. Horticulture, I agree, it does. Little
farms and little gardens around the mills do
flourish; but do you think we in New England
can compete with the great West in agricul-
ture? In the gentleman's district in Vermont
there is more woodland to-day than there was
in the time of the Eevolution. So it is in Mas-
sachusetts. We are richer than we were in the
days of the Revolution; we are more prosperous
than we were in the daj's of the Revolution; but
although we are richer and more prosperous,
still we cannot compete in agriculture with the
rich prairies of the West. Therefore we be-
came a manufacturing people. I speak whereof
I do know and affirm, because I hold the great
power of a country, the great basis of liberty,
the great substratum upon which every man
rests, is the cultivation of the soil; and it is
only necessity which takes men away from the
employment of agriculture and gives them to
other employments.
One word to my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Willard.] My friend from Vermont says
he would not feel that he was doing his
duty, alter having protected an interest in his
own district, to refuse to vote for the protec-
tion of an industry outside of his own district.
Do I misstate him? No; I do not. Very well,
then! That is "log-rolling." [Laughter.] If
you vote for my interest I will vote for yours.
That is the way these tariffs are "log-rolled"
through. I do not know that I shall vote for
any of them unless I think they are right. Let
me illustrate in this very ease. There are many
jute manufacturers in Massachusetts; yet I
stood before the country asking that jute butts
should be kept down; and when the duty was
put down I did not ask the duty on gunny cloth
should be kept up.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He sees no philan-
thropy in the tariff. Yet I understand that
is practically the principle upon which he alone
is acting. He knows we injure ourselves if we
are protected in the West aud if we go to man-
ufacturing, and therefore he wishes to keep us
down to agriculture so as to continue manufac
turing in New England with high protection.
That seems to be the version of the last story.
Now, sir, 1 ask unanimous consent to stop
debate on this paragraph.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Let me have a few mo-
ments.
Mr. SCHENCIC. If I have not unanimous
consent I will move that the committee rise.
There "was no objection.
The question recurred on Mr. Booklet's
amendment, as follows:
Ir line two hundred and ninety-five, strike out
"3" and insert" 2," and m line two hundred nnd
ninety-six, strike out"4"and insert " li;'' bo that
the paragraph will read as follows:
On gunny cloth, sunny bass, cotton haKginn, or
other manufactures, composed wholly or in part of
hemp, juto, ilax, tow, or other ma terial, and -suitable
for the uses to which cotton baygins is applied, val-
ued at 10 cents or loss per square yard, 2 cents per
pound: valued at over 10 conts per square yard, 0
cents per pound.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 43, noes 52 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. BucKLisr, and Mr. Hooper of
Massachusetts.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 02.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move in line two hundred
and ninety-five to strike out "3" and insert
" 2J," and in line two hundred and ninety-six
to strike out "4" and insert "
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call attention for
a moment to this fact——
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on Mr. Allison's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in as a new paragraph, before the
next paragraph is read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to know how an amendment can be dis-
posed of when a quorum has not voted?
The CHAIRMAN. The point was not made
that a quorum did not vote. The Chair did
not understand the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] to press for a count.
Mr. SARGENT. Before the next paragraph
is read I desire to offer, as a new paragraph, to
come in between lines two hundred and ninety-
six and two hundred and ninety-seven, "on
burlaps, 25 per cent, ad valorem." 1 ask
the particular attention of the committee to
the amendment which I have proposed. I
will remark that of this material there are
18,000,000 bags manufactured in the State of
California. We have a surplus production of
wheat of between 12,009,000 and 13,000,000
bushels. That wheat we send to the markets
of the world, thus adding largely to the exports
of the country, and hence materially also to its
wealth. In the Liverpool market we come in
competition with the wheat of Russia and the
continent generally; and the difference of a
few cents a bushel upon this wheat, more or
less, determines the question whether we can
make these large exportations .or not We
use for the manufacture of these bags some
30,000,000 yards of this burlap, which is made
of jute. The duty on the manufactured bag as
it stands in the law at present, and with such
understanding as I can bring afte&careful study
of this bill which is now before ffie committee
it there remains unchanged, is 80 per cent, ad
valorem. A little beyond the "place where I
propose that the amendment which I now offer
shall bo inserted, there is a clause the fair con-
struction of which, I think, is that the duty on
the cloth out of which these bags are manu-
factured is to be40 per cent, ad valorem, being
10 per cent, ad valorem more than on the bag
itself manufactured out of the cloth.
Now, there is another interest to be consid-
ered in connection with this matter. These
18,000,000 bags are manufactured in the city
of San Francisco; that is to say, those of them
which the English manufacturer competing
with us does not bring in under the tariff as it
now is. You discriminate in favor of the English
manufacturer, the man who sews up these bags
by 10 per cent, ad valorem under this bill as I
construe it. At any rate, you do so if the tariff
remains unchanged upon the bags at 30 per
cent, ad valorem,
I ask, then, if it is not a reasonable prop-
osition that the duty on the cloth out of which
these bags are to be sewed or made shall bo 5
per cent,, ad valorem less, and that that small
advantage should be given to the home manu-
facturers, the sewers of the bags, who employ
hundreds of people now in the manufacture?
We use for the purposes which I have named
10,750,000 grain bags; we use 42,000 wool
bags, 118,000 bean bags, 48,000 coffee bags,
140,000 salt bags, 6,000 rice bags, and 8,000,000
Hour bags, these last being in part composed
of cotton. Now 1 ask gentlemen that we may
have this article, which is so important to us
in order that our great exports may be sent
off—I ask that we may have the article admit-
ted at a rate allowing our exports to be made
at a cost which will not shut out our wheat and
other productions from the markets of the
world. The few cents additional per bushel
on the cost of sending forward our wheat would
exclude us from those markets. I say that
these are weighty considerations. They may
be local in a certain sense; and yet they are
national, because upon the balance of our
exports over our imports depends in a great
measure the prosperity of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WiNANS. Mr. Chairman, I sincerely
sympathize with my colleague, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who
having been in the New England harness and
having hauled a New England wagon hitherto,
has now waked up to see an exhibition of the
ingratitude of New- England which never recip-
rocated any favor with the West.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the principle
of protection, as I have heretofore announced,
and in favor of equal taxation for the purpose
of raising revenue and not for the purpose of
putting money into the pockets of men; yet
if we are to have protection, then I am in favor
of equality in protection also, and I am not in
favor of protecting the lords of the loom iu
New England and leaving our manufacturers
of coarse hempen and flaxen goods in the
West without protection.
Now, sir, I hope that this clause will be left
to stand as it was incorporated into this bill
by the Committee of Ways and Means. But
I desire to say one word in answer to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Butler.]
The gentleman says that the West mustalways
be an agricultural country and that manufac-
tures can never flourish there, and that they
must flourish upon New England soil, for the
reason that they are not an agricultural people
there. The truth is, Mr. Chairman, that they
cannot be an agricultural people in- New Eng-
land. They live upon a cold, inhospitable, and
