5532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
even refuse to require new banks uot yet organ-
ized to take these new bonds, and when we
refuse to require old banks, which have made
on the average from fifteen to twenty per cent,
annually upon the franchise derived from the
United States, to aid us to this extentin fund-
ing the public debt.
But, sir, the vote of the House shows the
power of the national banks. It is so great,
at least in the House, that in order to secure a
funding bill we have been compelled to aban-
don all provisions in regard to the national
banks; but I give notice that in tire future I for
one shall be prepared at all times to require
the national banks to take that class of bonds
which we propose in this bill, and I have no
doubt this will be the result. But for the pres-
ent, in deference to the wishes of the House,
we have withdrawn the section in regard to
national banks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conference report.
The report was concurred in.
order of uusinbss.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, but the morning business is
not completed, the call still resting at reports
of committees. If there be no objection, the
Chair will receive the reports of committees.
The Chair bears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask con-
sent to take up a resolution informally, and
act upon it now.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go through with
tbo morning business.
Mr. ROBERTSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
resolution in relation to a question of order on
the table, and it is important that it should be
adopted before we do any considerable amount
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina was recognized, but the
Senator from Vermont asks unanimous con-
sent, to take up a resolution indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
the regular order laid aside informally for the
purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hopeitwill not
be taken up. Let us go on in regular order.
disabilities of 51. c. butlhit.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am directed by the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities to report a bill (S. No. 1057) to
remove tlio legal and political disabilities of
M. C. Butler, of South Carolina, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put the
bill on its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel bound to object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senator from
Illinois will hear me for a moment I do not
think he will object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object because
I am opposed to the bill; but I want to go on
in regular order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator can call it
up as soon as the morning business is through.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The circumstances are
very peculiar, and by the unanimous request
of the committee I reported the bill and asked
that it be put on its passage. It is to relieve
but one person.
Mr. POMEROY. What do you want to
relievo him for?
Mr. ROBERTSON. To relieve him of his
political disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. Is lie appointed to any
office? Is there any necessity for its being
done row ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes; there is a neces-
sity for it. lie has been nominated for the
position of Lieuteuant Governor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the objection.
There wiil be more time spent iu quarreling
about it than it will take to pass the bill. |
Mr. FOWLER. I am not going to make i
any objection ; but I want to know why it is so
much easier to relieve the disabilities of a man
in South Carolina than it is to relieve the dis-
abilities of a man in Tennessee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee object? If he does, the
bill is not before the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
three times, and passed; two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto.
patent office printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 187) to provide for publishing spe-
cifications and drawings of the Patent Office,
reported it back some time since with an
amendment. 1 ask for its present consider-
ation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say something
on that subject; but I am uot prepared to do
so now. I object to its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered now.
land office report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
reminded by the Secretary that the resolution
in regard to the printing of the Land Officc
report is still remaining unfinished before the
Senate. Itwaspending when the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] rose to make a privileged
report from a committee of conference.
Mi-. ANTHONY. I did not intend to say
another word on that subject; but if it is pend-
ing I desire to say that I have before me an
estimate 
Mr. FOWLER. Was not that agreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island will suspend. The recollec-
tion of the Chair is that the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I must say one word
to the Committee on Finance and the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. It is necessary, in order
to carry out this vote, that there should be an
appropriation of $150,000. Itwilladd twenty-
five per cent, to the cost of congressional
printing. I have the estimates before me. The
estimate for eleven thousand maps is $92,800.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it a House resolution ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; it is a Senate reso-
lution. If the Senator from Nevada would
have the vote reconsidered on his amendment,
and take out his German map of the world and
let us have an American map, I should not
object.
Mr. NYE. I want an American map.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order. There is nothing else
before the Senate.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1058) to settle and adjust all claims of the
Choctaw tribe of Indians against the United
States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SFRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
W. B. Carpenter, submitted a report thereon
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1061) for the
relief of W. B. Carpenter. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to bo printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2216) for the
relief of William Selden, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill just reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island from the Committee on Claims,
and act upon it now.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall go on with
the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senaiorfrom
Massachusetts objects.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 034) for the relief of John R.
Cornell, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee-on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 190) authorizing the President
to withdraw his acceptance of the resignation
of R. H. Lamson, late lieutenant United States
Navy, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Charles W. Whit-
ney, praying compensation for extra work done
on the iron-clad battery Keokuk, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1065) for
the relief of Charles W. Whitney, contractor
of the iron-clad monitor Keokuk. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
fort dakota military reservation.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. B.
No. 569) to vacate the Fort Dakota military res-
ervation, in the Territory of Dakota, and for
other purposes, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage; and I ask that it be considered at this
time. •
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to vacate the mili-
tary reservation at Fort Dakota, in the county
of Minnehaha, and Territory of Dakota, and to
make the lands embraced in the reservation
subject to private entry under the provisions
of the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States, except so much thereof as may
be embraced in sections heretofore reserved
for school purposes ; but nothing in the act is
to be so construed as to interfere with any rights
which may have accrued previous to the with-
drawal of the lands for the purposes of such
reservation; and any improvements on the
reservation made by the military authorities
prior to its relinquishment by the Secretary
of War are to be appraised by the register and
receiver of the land office of the district in
which the reservation is situated, and paid for
by the purchaser of the lands on which they
are located.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill ought to pro-
vide that the patents shall be held subject to
the payment for those improvements. The
patents should not issue until the improvements
are paid for. If such a proviso is not pat in
the bill the Government will never receive any
pay for the improvements. ■ * ' *
Mr. RAMSEY. Surely they would not issue
patents until the improvements, if there are
any, were paid for. The Government never
does that.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what the
facts are in the case. I only know that this is
the proper way to provide for a matter of this
sort.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to such
an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that amend-
ment, " that the patents to said lands shall be
held until payment is made for the improve-
ments."
Mr. RAMSEY. There are no improvements
on the reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. Then why say so ? The
bill says that there are improvements.
Mr. RAMSEY. That was put in from ex-
treme caution in the other House, and now from
extreme caution the Senator would again
embarrass the bill. There is uot an improve-
ment there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas is certainly
right.
^ Mr. POMEROY. I know it is right. If
there are no improvements there, why say so
in the bill ?
Mr. RAMSEY. That was inserted ia the
other House.
