1756
TOE CONGBESSIOsKii GhOm
March 8,
new $ tlie «i*tl  section does not, but these two
sections ought to be considered togeLher. I
prefer to say what I have to say first in regard
to the last clause of the sixth section, which
appropriates not exceeding one percent, of the
amount of bonds herein authorized to pay the
expenses of preparing, issuing, and disposing
of the same.
This claase is taken from several of the loan
laws passed during the war. Indeed, in all the
loan laws passed from 1862 to this time this
clause, with some modifications, has been con-
tained. The same clause, different in form,
however, was in the old hiws passed from the
foandatioa of the Government. Sometimes
the loan laws limited the amount of commis-
sions allowed to agents to one eighth, some-
times one teath, and some times one fourth of
one pec cent,,and made direct appropriations
fnr the other expenses of the various loans.
When the Finance Committee reported this
bill w« inserted this usual clause of the loan
laws. Here a very strange thing occurred, to •
which I wish to invite the atteatio# of the Son-
ate. Ho sooner was this bill reported than, H
was proclaimed all over the United States that
the Senator from Massachusetts £Mr. Wilson]
had a plau to.submit to,the. Senate by which
this appropriation of one per cent, was to be
saved, and it was intimated in the public prints
and by telegrams sent all over the wide extent
of this country that this one per cent, was a
vast $12,000,000 corraption fund, or something
of (bat kind, and that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was to propose ua amendment or
modification to it. At>out the same time the
other Sen art  P from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neb] introduced three or four or five sheets of
amendments, reaching to almost every part of
this bfll, to almost every line and elause of the'
biil except tills. This particular clause was
contained ia his funding* bill, also submitted
to the Committee on Finance.
As this was the ordinary discretionary power
heretofore conferred, it excited my surprise
somewhat to find a eoateit made on this, espe*
cially when it was sought to create a false im
pression in regard to this appropriation of one
percent It induced me, therefore, to examine
a little in ope carefully into this enormous, ad
was alleged, discretionary power given to the
Secretary of the Treasury. When I came; to
examine the old laws I found that the same dis-
cretion had been conferredon Secretary Chase,
on Secretary Fesserideii, and Secretary McCul-
loch, in precisely' the same language. When I
saw this necessary means assailed in this man-
ner it at once excited my inquiry. The present
Secretary of the Treasury, a citizen of Massa-
chusetts, is a comparative stranger to me, but
known to me as a distinguished Representative
rn" that State in the House of Representatives
and as a gentleman who has earned a good deal
of credit, aqd I think deservedly, foe bis man-
ogemeut of our finances during the past year.
But when it is feared or alleged in the news-
papers that tBis ordinary appropriation of one
per cent- for the negotiation of this loan was
wrong, and that this usual discretion ought not
it this case to be intrusted to him,, I felt it tny
duty to inquire-
, Mr. President, the loans negotiated? during
the war did not throw upon the Seeretaryany-
thing like the difficult task that is thrown upon
Mr. Boutwell by the operation of this bill. The
original five-twenty loan, the law authorizing
which contains the eamo claase empowering
Secretary Cba$ft K> negotiate $6Q0,Q(M)JOOQ| gn
epetaia tortus, 89 djfftoulfi a task as ,i*
now to bo imposed uppn Secretary BoutwelL
Why? Because that loan was to be sold at.
par for paper money, aud before, we undertook !
to sell the five-twenty.loan we depreciated the '
paper money by issuing first $150,000,009 $f
legal tenders, then another $150,000,000, and
then another $150,000,000; and it was not
until $450,000,000 were outstandingand largely
depreciated in themoney market that we under-
took to sell those bonds at par-in pa$er money,
or about seventy-five cents on the dollarin gold.
That was a much easier task than the task
of selling $1,200,000,000 bonds bearing a much
lower rate of interest, for gold at par.
So with the task thrown on Secretary Fes*
seHden. At that time paper money was worth
but fifty cents on the dollar ; and we authorized
him to sell six per cent, bonds with all those
advantages at par in this paper money, and
gave, him without a single objection in either
House, the discretionary authority to use as the
cost of negotiation not to exceed one per cent.
That is all the discretion contained in this bill.
His task wa,s comparatively an easy one. So
with Mr. McCulloch. By the act of July, 1880,
we continued this one per cent, on the loans
and exchanges authorized by the act of April,
1800.
In all those cases this authority was carefully
and wisely used. I hold in my'hand a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury,' transmitting
a foil aceount of all the sales of bonds of the
United States from the beginning of the war
until 1867, which shows precisely what each of
those; three gentlemen did,show much commis-
sions they paid, on the sale of gold, the sale of,
bonds, and all the various transactions of the
Treasury carefully analyzed. Here is the cor-
respondence also of these Secretaries, showing
the agencies employed, whom they employed,
when they employed them, the circumstances
under which they were employed, and the
amount paid; and it will he perceived that each
of these three distinct officers discharged this
duty with great care and great fidelity under the
circumstances by which they were surrounded.
It seemed, therefore,* natural to the Commit-,
toe on Finance that when we were abput to
impose on Mr. Secretary Boutwell a .task far
more difficult, when we required him to sell
these bonds at par in gold at low rates of in*-
terest, five, four and a half, and four per cent.,
to the amount of $1,200,000,000, we at least
ought to be willing to give him the ordinary
means apd agencies and facilities with which
previous Secretaries had been intrusted and by
which they executed their trust; but it seemed
that there was objection all at once to granting
this necessary power. The honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameeon] even pro-
posed to strike out all appropriations for ex-
penses; inotherwords, the Secretary must print
these bonds at his own expense; he must nego-
tiate them at his own expense; he must engrave
them at his own expense; he must print them
at his own expense; no provision is to be made
for carrying on the vast operations of this great
task. He is to employ agents at home and
abroad. Our present bonds are scattered as
far as Christian civilization- goes. They are
now, according to the documents I have on my
table, spread all over Europe, in the remotest
portions of Europe. He is expected to gather
up all these bonds, prevail on the holders of
them to surrender their six per cent, bonds,
and take a bond bearing a less rate of interest,
without cost to the Treasury, without any faci!*
it|es, without any money to employ agents,
witUotit even money W purchase the paper on
which the promise of the United States is
printed! That is not the way we ongbt to' treat
our executive officers. We owght to trust them
with ordinary discretionary power, and hold
them- strictly and rigidly responsible for the
execution of'that trust.
As soon as I saw this opposition to giving
tf *ha Secretary of the Treasury the ordinary
necessary facilities for carrying on the loan 1
addressed to him a letter calling his attention
to the fact that objection was made and was to
be made here to.giving to him this usual ordi-
nary power, and asking him whether he conld
not take less and accomplish this great task.
It is true that for every $100 of these bonds he
sells he saves to us an annuity of not less than
one dollar until the whole debt is paid, and at
a cost not to exceed one dollar; that is, for
every one dollar expended by him he saves us
an annuity of one. dollar, which is equivalent
to at leagt twenty times the amount we pay.
No bond will be sold at an expense beyond one
per cent. That is the saving of one year in the
rate of interest. Thus, off the sale of the
first $400,000,000 of five per cent, bonds he
saves $4,000,000 per annum until the whole of
the debt is paid, at an expense of $4,000,000.
Off the sales of the second $400,000,000 he
saves $6,000,000 per annum at an expense of
$4,000,000. Off sales of the third $400,000,000
he saves $8,000,000 per annum at au expense
of $4,000,000.
But, sir, finding this opposition to authorize
him to use that much as the maximum of ex-
pense, I addressed him a letter to know if he
could not do with less. Here is his reply,
which I send to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Treasuby Department, March 2,1870.
Sis: In reply to your communication of this date
I have the honor to say that it is impossible for mo
to estimate with a reasonable-degree of accuracy the
probable expense of negotiating the proposed loan—
preparing, printing, issuing the bonds, and nego-
tiating the same in the United States and Europe.
1 have no doubt that the one per cent, named
in the bill will exceed the aggregate charges, but
I should not coasider it wise to reduce tho appro-
priation, as any deficiency under, tho existing gen-
eral laws would put it out of tho power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to proceed In the negotiation,
and thus theobjectof the proposed legislation would
be defeated.
In reply to your suggestion, that a proposition
will be made to impo3o the work upon the officials
of the Treasury Department exclusively, I have the
honor to say that that proposition, if adopted, would
put' it out of the power of the Department to place
tho now loan. A largo amount ot our bonds are held
in Europe, and the holders of them can only bo
reached through bankers of reputation and influ-
ence in various countries, aud I presume it will be
found necessary to employ them to negotiate tho
loan upon a commission. That commission will, of
course, be a small fraction only of the one per cent,
proposed as tfte total expe'hse.
I have not aatered into negotiations for the pur-
pose of aaeertaiaing at what rate they would under-
take the business; but I may say that it will be
accepted by the leading bankerg at the lowest rates
at wbioh such business is ever done.
Very respectfully, , .
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. John Shebmajt, ChairwanCoinmittte on Finance,
United States Senate.
Jtfr. SHERMAN. After the receipt of that
letter, not entirely satisfied yet, 1 made an
examination of the Cost of various loans by
the United States and by European nations.
I found that the first five-twenty loan cost us
three eighths of one per cent, for agents; the
second, the large loan made by Mr. Fessenden
in 1864, cost three fourths of one per cent. I
have here a very instructive letter, which I will
not now ask to .have read, by Mr. Fessenden,
showing the reason why he finally employed
the agents he did employ on the 28th January,
1865. The amount, paid by him was three
fourths of one per cent., far more than is
necessary now; but the circumstances nnder
which it was paid, I think, clearly justified him
in making that allowance. So Mr. McCulloch,
according to the reports on the table, paid one
eighth of one per cent.
In conversation with the Secretary I sug-
gested that all that part of the loan to be taken
by the national banks might be negotiated
without cost; undoubtedly no commission will
be paid in a case of that kind. So far a* this
loan may be taken as a domestic loan it might
possibly be sold to some extent by the officers
of the Treasury Department, although they
have not the ordinary means and facilities of
doing that business. No private persons would
attempt to sell a loan of this kind without em-
ploying the ordinary banking agencies of the
world. But so far as this loau may be absorbed
by: the domestic demand in this country I think
it is very probable he may be. able to dispense
with domestic agents. But it must be remem-
bered that $1,000,000,000 of our bonded debt
is held in Europe. All of these bonds, except
probably the five per cent, bonds, or a portion
of them, and the bonds that are absorbed by
the banks, must necessarily be sold in Europe.
We know very well that an attempt to put a
loau upon the American market now at four 1
