3644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. WELKER. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKEIi moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion J.o reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOUKNMKNT.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
House fixing a day for the final adjournment
of the present session of the Forty-First Con-
gress, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Several Members. Let the amendment be
read.
The Clerk read the concurrent resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, (theSenato concurring,) That the Pres-
identof the Senate and the Speaker of thcllousoof
Representatives do declare their respective Houses
adjourned sine die on Monday, tho 4th day of July
next, at twelvo o'clock m.
The amendment of the Senate was also read,
as follows:
Strike out the words " Monday, tlie 4th." and
insert "Friday, the 15th."
Mr. DAWES. I move that the amendment
be concurred in.
Mr. COBURN. I hope the gentleman will
postpone his motion till there is a full House.
Mr. DAWES. I think there will be no
objection to it.
The question was put; and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN UNION ACADEMY.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill (H. R. No. 1926) to in-
corporate the American Union Academy of
Literature, Science, and Art.
The bill was read. It incorporates a num-
ber of persons therein named under the name
of "the American Union Academy of Liter-
ature, Science, and Art," and by that name
constitutes them a corporation with capacity
to sue and be sued in any court of justice, to
acquire, hold, and convey property, real and
personal, to have a corporate seal, and to use
and exercise all the powers, rights, and priv-
ileges incident to such corporations, having
for its objects the advancement of literature,
science, and art, and securing cooperation and
concert of action in the diffusion of knowledge
throughout the country.
The bill provides in its second section that
this academy shall have power to make and
ordain its own organization, including its con-
stitution, by-laws, and rules and regulations,
and to provide for the necessary officers and
agents for conducting its affairs, and all other
matters needful and useful in such institution.
The bill provides in its third section that it
shall also have power to establish a branch of
the institution in the capital of any State or
Territory, or in any city of the United States,
as auxiliary to its objects. And questions
pertinent ta the scope of the several depart-
ments of the academy and of importance to
the public interest, which may be officially
submitted to the academy or its branches by
the officers of the General or State govern-
ments, or by any association, shall receive
prompt consideration, and shall be responded
to in such manner as the academy shall pre-
scribe.
The fourth section provides that the acad-
emy shall report to Congress ita constitution
and by-laws, and also make an annual report
to Congress of its progress and proceedings.
The amendments reported by the committee
were as follows:
Amend section one, in line twenty-one, by insert- ;
ing after the word "convey" the word "such," and
after tho word "personal" the following words: "as
may bo necessary to enable them to carry out the
objects of their organization, and no more."
Amend section two, in liDe four, by inserting after
the word "objects" tho following words: "having
first obtained permission therefor from the Legis-
lature of each State or Territory."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVEYANCE OF REAL ESTATE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill
(H. 11. No. 1633) to simplify the conveyance
of real estate in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that any conveyance of lands worded in sub-
stance as follows: "A B conveys and war-
rants to C D [here describe the premises]
lor the sum of," [here insert the considera-
tion,] the said conveyance being dated and
duly signed, sealed, and acknowledged by the
grantor, shall be deemed and held to be a con-
veyance in fee simple to the grantee, his heirs
and assigns, with covenant from the grantor
for himself and his heirs and personal repre-
sentatives that he is lawfully seized of the
premises, has good right to convey the same,
and guaranties the quiet possession thereof;
that the same are free from all incumbrances,
and that he will warrant and defend the title
to the same against all lawful claims.
The second section provides that any con-
veyance of lands, worded in substance as fol-
lows: "A B quitclaims to C D [here describe
the premises] for the sum of," [here insert
the consideration,] the said conveyance being
duly signed, sealed, and acknowledged by the
grantor, shall be deemed to be a good and
sufficient conveyance in quitclaim to the grantee,
his heirs and assigns. It shall not be neces-
sary to use the words "heir and assigns of the
grantee" to create in the grantee an estate of
inheritance ; and if it be the intention of the
grantor to convey any lesser estate, it shall be
so expressed in the deed.
By the third section it is provided that any
mortgage of lands, worded in substance as fol-
lows: "A B mortgages and warrants to C
D [here describe the premises] to secure the
repayment of," [here recite the sum for which
the mortgage is granted, or the notes or other
evidences of debt, or a description thereof,
sought to be secured, also the date of the repay-
ment,] the said mortgage being dated and duly
signed,sealed,and acknowledged by the grantor,
shall be deemed and held to be a good and
sufficient mortgage to the grantee, his heirs,
assigns,executors, and administrators, with war-
ranty from the grantor and his legal represent-
atives of perfect title in the grantor, and against
all previous incumbrances ; and if, in the above
form, the words "and warrant" be omitted, the
mortgage shall be good, but without warranty.
The fourth section provides that every con-
veyance or mortgage of lands, or of any-inter-
est therein, and every Tease for more than
three years, Bhall be recorded in the office of
the register of deeds in the District of Colum-
bia ; and every such conveyance or lease not
so recorded within ninety days from the exe-
cution thereof shall be fraudulent and void as
against any subsequent purchaser or mortgagee
in good faith for a valuable consideration.
By section five it is provided that when a
deed purports to contain an absolute convey-
ance of any estate in lands, but is made, or
intended to be made, defeasible by force of a
deed of defeasance, bond, or other instrument
for that purpose, the original conveyance shall
not thereby be defeated or affected as against
any person other than the maker of the defeas-
ance, or his heirs or devisees, or persons hav-
ing actual notice thereof, unless the instrument
of defeasance shall have been recorded, accord-
ing to law, within ninety days after the date of
said deed.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to insert after the word "faith," inlineeight
of section four, the words "without notice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
! engrossed and read a third time; and being
I engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
i time, and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
[ vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
; COLUMBIA RAILWAY COMPANY.
j Mr. McKENZIE, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate
the Columbia Railway Company of the District
of Columbia.
Mr. McKENZIE. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading;
, and was accordingly read the third time, and
1 passed.
Mr. McKENZIE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIVORCES IN THE DISTRICT 01? COLUMBIA.
Mr. COWLES, from the same committee,
i reported back, with an amendment in the nature
j of a substitute, the bill (S. No. 76) concerning
i] divorces in the District of Columbia.
1 The Senate bill was read. It provides that
in all cases in which by existing law the supreme
' court of the District of Columbia is authorized
, to decree divorces from bed and board it shall
i in cases hereafter instituted have authority in
its discretion to declare divorce from the bonds
of matrimony.
The substitute reported by the committee
was then read, as follows:
That in addition to the causos for which the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia may now
grant divorces from the bonds of matrimony such
divorces may be granted for—
First. Habitual drunkenness for tho period of three
years on tho part of tho party complained against.
Second. Cruelty of treatment endangering the life
and health of the party complaining.
Third. Willful desertion and abandonment by the
party complaincd against of tho party complaining
for the full and uninterrupted space of three years.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I desire to inquire whether
the committee will not consent to make the
period of abandonment less than three years?
I move to strike out" three" and insert" two."
' I think that is long enough.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What time does the
bill fix ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Three ye.irs. My amend-
ment will keep the people of this District from
!! going out West and obtaining a residence there
, for the purpose of procuring divorces. I desire
; to protect the western Stales from the emigra-
tion that goes there to seek divorces. I hope
there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. COOK. Iam very much opposed to
shortening the time of abandonment for which
divorces may be granted. It seems to me that
the bonds of matrimony will be light enough,
1 even if we do not make them as light in this
j: District as they are in the State represented
bv my friend over the way, [Mr. Niblack.]
!! "Mr. NIBLACK. Personally I am not in
