4588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
of every officer of every description that arose
during the war amounting to $5,000 will be
taken out of our hands and left to the account-
ing officers of the Department. The Committee
of Claims, after consultation with those officers,
decided that $5,000 ought to be the limit; that
where, in claims of any kind, there are dis-
crepancies or defalcations of a larger amount
than $5,000 it is proper Congress should re-
serve the right to pass upon such claims, and not
leave them to the discretion of any accounting
officers.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax]
says that the present accounting officers of the
Treasury will not pass a claim unless they are
satisfied that it is perfectly correct; but we do
not know that the present accounting officers
may hold their positions six months hence or
even three months hence. We ought not,
therefore, to pass a bill of (his kind unless we
are willing to give up, on the part of Congress,
the power proposed to be relinquished.
The gentleman spoke of the fact that when
the bill was passed in this House not a word
was said in regard to it; but I know that there
was not a member of the Committee of Claims
whose attention was called to it. We have not
a particle of personal feeling in reference to
the matter. If the restrictions proposed in this
bill be removed, so that every claim of what-
ever name and description may be settled at
the Departments, it will simply relieve our
committee from a great deal of very trouble-
some business; but we have seen so much
pressure brought to bear upon our committee
in cases that have been brought before us, in-
volving large amounts of money, that we feel
that the control of Congress over such ques-
tions ought not to be abandoned and the ques-
tions committed to the hands of any mere
Department officer of the (J-overnmeut. Hav-
ing made this explanation, I leave the House
to pass the bill or reject it, us it may deem
proper.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Claims to state why there
should not be passed a statute of limitations,
taking effect, say, twelve months hence, which
would wipe out these claims. A great many
of them are brought by young men who are
just starting in life, young men who were en-
gaged in the war and whose claims have arisen
out of that connection. The indefinite period
of delay in the settlement of these claims fre-
quently prevents such young men from en-
gaging in the active business of life, and thus has
a very deplorable effect. Why should not my
colleague [Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts,]
report a bill which would apply as a statute of
limitations to claims of this kind ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. We
have included in this bill a limitation of two
years; and the accounting officers are to be
satisfied that there is no fraud in the claim.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to make only one sug-
gestion. As a matter of course 1 am not antag-
onizing this bill, for I helped to draw it. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash-
ucra] speaks of fraudulent claims ; but this
bill excludes such claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
without our amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill authorizes the ac-
counting officers to settle such claims only as
they are satisfied are not fraudulent, claims
which they after full examination believe to
be equitable. If any fraud should appear in
reference to any claim they> of course, would
not settle it.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wasii-
bubx] to withdraw the bill.
Mr. COS. I hope the bill will not be with-
drawn. I think there is scarcely any member
who would not, simply for his own relief, vote
for a bill of this kind. No member of Con-
gress, I think, would advise a constituent hav-
ing an account at the Departments to come
icto Congress seeking relief. I have never so
advised any friend of mine. Sometimes the
best claims are rejected here, while the worst
ones go through, in consequence of our hurried
mode of doing business. 1 hope the bill will
not be withdrawn.
TheSPEAKER.. Doesthe gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. WAsnnuRN] allow the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logax] to be offered?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
cannot, because the bill is the report of the
committee.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REUBEN GlllNDLIi.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back a bill (S.
No. 808) for the relief of Reuben Grindle, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue to Reuben Grindle, of
Castine, Hancock county, Maine, three new
five percent. United States bonds, two of $100
each, and one of fifty dollars, redeemable after
February 28, 1874, of the numbers hereinafter
specified, so soon as proof shall be exhibited
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the de-
struction of three bonds of the loan ami value
above mentioned, numbered 27525, 2752G, and
28(it>, and if Reuben Grindle shall give bond
with sufficient security to indemnify the United
States against any other claim on account of
the bonds alleged to be so destroyed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACItOSS NIAGARA IUVEIt.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gokham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (H. R. No. 489)
to authorize the construction and maintenance
of a bridge across the Niagara river with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
credentials 01'' )!. !•'. wiiitteuoiu3.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following:
The Clerk read as follows:
TUE SYA'I i; OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
By his Kxeolleucy, RoiiEUT K. Scott, Governor and
commander-in-chief in and over thetiiute aforesaid:
To lion. B. F. Wiiittemokb:
Whereas, in pursuance of an aet entitled "An act
providing for the next general election and tile man-
ner of conducting thosaraet" passed on the i!(ith day
of September, in the year of our Lord 1868, an elec-
tion has been hold to fill the vacancy in the House
of Representatives of the Forty-First Congress from
the iirst congressional district of thisStato, andupon
examination of the returns which have been received
it appears that you, the said B. F. Wbittcmore, have
been duly elected by a majority of votes; I do there-
fore, by virtue of the powers in mo vested, commis-
sion you, the said B. F. Whittemore, to represent the
people of this Slate as a member of the House of
Representatives of the Forty-First Congress from the
first congressional district of this State.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State, in
Columbia, this 10th day of J une. in this year
r 1 of our Lord 1870, and in the ninety-fourth
L J year of theindependenee of theUnited States
oi America.
By the Governoi:
ROBERT K. SCOTT.
]?. L. CAKdozo, Secretary of State.
Mr. LOGAN and Mr. FARNSWORTH rose
and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Which gentleman
from Illinois?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
recognize the gentleman from Illinois who sub-
mitted the report in this case when it was last
before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I object, sir, to the swearing
in of the person claiming to have been elected
from that district in South Carolina, fortherea-
sons I propose to present to the House. Hence
I propose to object to the credentials being
received bv the House.
The SPEAKER. The credentials are before
the House.
Mr. LOGAN. They are before the House;
and the next question is the swearing in of the
member, unless there are objections. I do not
wish it referred to any committee. This House
is fully informed to consider the matter now.
There are his credentials, and I object to his
taking the oath of office, for the reason that he
has disqualified himself from being a member
of this body, which fact appears upon the Jour-
nal of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If these credentials
are referred to a committee this gentleman
will not be sworn in until after the committee
has made its report. Then, of course, my col-
league will have an opportunity to interpose
his objections. It seems to me these creden-
tials ought to be referred to the Committee of
Elections, so that they may examine into the
matter, as credentials have been referred in
like cases.
Mr. LOGAN. The reason I object to its
reference is this : I do not wish this question
to go to any committee of this House, to be
pocketed until after Congress adjourns. I
want the question settled by this House now,
whether they will admit this man to a seat here
or not. There is, sir, no necessity for the ex-
amination of a committee. We have the law
here, and we may examine it without the report
of a committee. What necessity can there be
for a report by the Committee of Elections?
There is no contest. His election is not con-
tested, as I understand, by any person claiming
the seat. It is a mere question whether this
man's qualifications are such as entitle him to
a scat in this House, there being no question
as to whether anybody else is entitled. J,t is
therefore not a question for the Committee
of Elections, but a question for this House to
determine, whether this man shall have a right
to be seated here or not. It is for that reason,
sir, that I make the objection to his being ad-
mitted to take the oath of office and to take his
seat as a member of Congress. And 1 am ready
to sustain my position here by precedents to
which I think this House will pay some atten-
tion. If the question shall now be opened for
debate I am ready to go on and give my reasons
to the House, and to submit the authorities on
which 1 base the conclusions at which I have
arrived.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Looas.] This afternoon, after the morning
hour, has been given to the Committee of
Claims. The Chair did not feel at liberty to
■withhold for a single moment, after they came
into his possession, the credentials which he
lias laid before the House. They are now in
the possession of the House; but the question
of action upon them can be taken up at any
time which may be agreed upon.
Mr. LOGAN. I accept the suggestion of
the Chair, and shall ask to have the ques-
tion considered on Monday after the morning
hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. PAINE. 1 desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. LoGAy.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, 1 think
I have the floor.
