1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tiling upon the question now before the House,
but I sought in vain, because I was told that
by previous arrangements the occupation of
the lioor was fixed for the day; and now at
this late hour of the night, when the patience
of the House is worn out and when my ener-
gies are fagged, I am compelled to come before
the House with such remarks as I can throw
before you.
Mr. Speaker, very much has been said here
to-day upon the subject of reconstruction. Let
me tell you that I come from a section of coun-
try but recently reconstructed. My experience
during the troubles of the last five years has
been perhaps as extended as that of any other
member upon this floor. I have watched, as
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] has
watched, the progress of this subject of recon-
struction from its first inception until the pres-
ent time, and I think I am prepared to give
some of the weak points as well as suggest
some of its strong points, if it so be that it has
any strong points.
Now, let us look at this subject for a moment
and see what is proposed here, in order that
we may go along understanding^ upon this
matter. Five years have elapsed since the
most gigantic war that was ever inaugurated
in the world ceased to exist in this country ;
a war waged with a view to perpetuate the
Government of the United States ; a war that
had my sanction, my hearty cooperation, and
my sympathies from the hour the Government
determined to put down the rebellion until the
close of that war. Well, sir, I have said that
I have a knowledge of this subject of reconstruc-
tion from absolute observation and experience
in my own State. And it is to that branch of
the subject that I propose more particularly to
call your attention to-night rather than to any
other branch of the subject.
But I was talking about this war, and the fact
that five years have elapsed and still the Govern-
ment, to defend and maintain which we placed
I do not know how many soldiers in the field,
that Government is not yet fully restored.
After four years of war and five years of effort
since the war the Government of this country
still remains disrupted, and gentlemen come
forward here to-night and talk about still leav-
ing this country in this state of disruption.
I apprehend this idea of delay does not come
from any particular disposition upon the part of
gentlemen to delay the restoration of the Gov-
ernment. But they see that by the very plan
which they have inaugurated they may not in
the end succeed in retaining power, and there-
fore they desire to defer restoration for purely
party purposes. It seems so to me at any rate.
But I am wandering from the subject some-
what. 1 have seen much, I have thought much
upon this subject of reconstruction in the South.
I have seen its effects upon the people of the
South; I have seen its effects in the legislation
of the country, and now from the very bottom
of my lxeart I desire to see this question settled
once for all. And if it cannot be settled in
such a way as to inure to the benefit of the
party now in power, and with which party I have
usually acted, then let it be settled in some
other way ; for whenever I forget patriotism
for the sake of party I hope I may cease to live
upon this earth. Sir, when I remember the
cost of this Government to our fathers, when
I remember their sacrifices in order that they
might give that Government in charge to us,
their descendants, to perpetuate it and hand it
down through all time, I feel a responsibility
resting upon me, and I think every man in
this House should feel resting upon him the
responsibility of maintaining that trust and
perpetuating this Government unimpaired to
the latest generation.
But are we doing that ? Do not we see to-day,
after years of blood and strife, three of the
States still dismembered, still controlled by
military authority, where the people are de-
nied their sovereign right, the right which our
fathers secured for us, of making laws to gov-
ern themselves? Why is this? Why does this
state of things exist? I fear from the indica-
tions I have seen that it is the result of party.
And I was glad to hear to-day my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] remark that we ought to
legislate outside of party, for in this Govern-
ment no one party can have control of the
Government for very long at a time, and then
with the rod which we prepared to break the
heads of this Democratic party they will turn
and break our heads into pieces. Then, sir,
standing upon right, upon the principles of the
Constitution as expounded by our great law-
givers and as understood by our fathers, we
shall do no wrong; and whether the Demo-
cratic party shall be in power or the Republican
party in power all is safe; the Government is
secure, and those who come after us will find
everything conducive to their happiness, pros-
perity, and security.
Sir, I hold that we can and that we ought to
rise above party. We ought to look to the great
ideas underlying this Government, and not
trample upon them, lest we bring upon us
untold woes.
Why, sir, if I were a stranger in this House,
if I had come in here for the first time to-night
and listened to the discussion which has taken
place, I should suppose that this country was
in a state of revolution, that war, " grim-visaged
war,'' was stalking abroad throughout the land,
and that efforts were being made here to put
down this war and overcome the rebellion.
But, sir, we are told that no war exists. This
has been a mooted question. The President
of the United States declared some years ago
that no war existed in the country. "Peace
reigns everywhere," said the Chief Executive
of the nation ; and I see that recently the Gov-
ernor of the State of Missouri said that we have
peace. Now, sir, when the Governor of Mis-
souri comes out and makes this declaration in
the face of the world, after so bitter a struggle
as is represented to have taken place in that
region, surely we have peace in the country.
But, sir, Virginia is the theme, and some
gentlemen tell us that they are opposed to the
admission of Virginia upon any terms. I did
not expect anything else than that some gen-
tlemen on this floor would oppose anything
calculated to perpetuate and keep together this
Union. I have been aware for some time that
there were in this House disunionists as " vile,
if yon please, as those men who drew their
swords against the existence of this nation and
periled their lives until they were forced to lay
down their arms." Why do you want to keep
Virginia out ? In the name of all that is good
and all that is great, why may we not settle this
question now and be done with it? It must be
met at some time; and what better time will
there be to give it a fair, just, and equitable
settlement, one that will give satisfaction to
ihe people down there and make them our
friends, one that will be satisfactory to us,
and which will result in lasting good to the
entire country?
I am astonished at gentlemen when they talk
as wildly as some of them talk about this ques-
tion of reconstruction. They talk about over-
riding States and State constitutions with arms
and forcing the people into subjection as if
that were a thing to be lightly spoken of. Why,
sir, I feel a patriotism above this sordid spirit.
I have no patience with the man who would
not glory if every star of the old flag should be
restored to its place. It was because I loved
my country that I periled my life and all that
I had in the dark days of this Republic, when
the national sea was rough. And, sir, as I had
the nerve then to stand up for my country, I
have the nerve to-night to plead for that policy
which I believe the best interests of the nation
demand; and so long as I live I expect to do
so, regardless of the yelps of the watch-dogs
of party as they bark at my heels. I have no
patience with that miserable tribe of men who
for the purposes of self-aggrandizement would
embroil the people of the South in order that
upon the strife which they engender they may
ride into office and come here year after year
claiming to be Representatives of southern con-
stituencies. Thank God, I represent a con-
stituency in fact. If I did not I would slink
away in shame; my friends would discard me
and my wife would disown me, as I would wish
her to do. [Laughter.]
Sir, I am not solicitous for a seat on this
floor. In 18G4 I came to this House holding
in my pocket the certificate of the Governor
of my State; but I did not insist on being ac-
corded a seat. "I, with others, was called before
the committee of which my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] was chairman. He said
to me, " Mr. Rogers, how are things in your
section of the country ? Do you think you have
there a government which we ought to recog-
nize?" I told him—and he will confirm the
statement I now make—that in my judgment
the thing did not rise to the height of a govern-
ment. With my certificate in my pocket, and
knowing that perhaps my seat depended upon
what I said, I walked out of the committee-
room, feeling that whether I obtained a seat
or not I was a man.
Now, sir, I am not discussing this question,
and I know it; for it does not need any dis-
cussion. It has been discussed enough. I
am merely bringing out these things with a
view to arouse your patriotism, to get you
above party, to get you to act like men having
a responsibility, and to remember that your
forefathers and mine did not act perhaps as
some would act in the present day. They were
disinterested, and they came up like men to
the issue, and so should we until we bring the
Government out of its present predicament.
Then if we choose to engage in party strife
we may do so; but we should not do so now.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Lincoln uttered a truth,
and when uttered I did not understand it,
because I lived down in a "benighted" country
in Arkansas, and only had a paper once in a
while; but that great truth developed itself in
me in after years. It is this, that this conflict
of opinion cannot go on without war in this
country. Let me say now, little as men may
think of it, unless this conflict ceases, unless
we allow these States to come in with the same
rights as the other States in this Union, so long
as Anglo-Saxon blood courses through the
veins of American citizens, they will not sub-
mit to this eternal strife and turmoil.
Let me come back to the question of the
admission of Virginia for a moment. Gentle-
men say that they want conditions. In Hea-
ven's name, when is this thing to end ? I wish
to give a little of my experience touching this
thing down at the South. I have been asked,
"Mr. Rogers, do the people up North mean
to abide by what they say." For a long time
I told them that I believed they did mean what
they said; but latterly I have told them- that I
was not quite so sure of what I then said, for
I believe that many of them meant mischief;
that they did not mean to accept the terms
when they offered them. I wanted to tell the
truth to the people, and I believe 1 have done so
You imposed certain exactions upon the State
of Virginia. You said that if she would do cer-
tain things you would admit her into the Union.
The faith of the Government was pledged to
the fulfillment of that contract. Virginia has
done her part, and now we should do ours.
The President of the United States, whom you
have elected, has told you under the sanctity
of his oath of office, from all the official in-
formation he has been able to obtain, that the
people of Virginia had faithfully complied witli
the terms proposed by Congress. He has so
declared to Congress and the country. Not-
withstanding this, gentlemen come up here and
demand the imposition of new conditions. In
the name of Heaven,when is this thingto cease?
That is the question for our determination at
this time. How can these people again trust
you when you show that you are disposed to go
back of your own pledges ? What sort of con-
