1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5533
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas insist on the amendment or
not?
Mr. POMEROY. I want the amendment
in the bill. If there aro no improvements
there it will not do any hurt, and will not
delay the bill an hour. If there are improve-
ments, parties should not get patents until
they have paid for them.
Mr. RAMSEY. I assure the Senator there
are none.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Min-
nesota informs me that there are no improve-
ments there, and if that is so I will not insist
on the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I insist upon it. It
will not do any harm to~ put it in.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa insists upon the amendment, which
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by adding to the first section the fol-
lowing proviso :
Provided, That patents to said lands shall not be
issued until such improvements are paid for.
Mr. HARLAN. Say "patents to any por-
tion of said lands on which said improvements
may exist."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment as modified by
the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. As long as the bill has been
amended and must go back to the House, I
move to strike out the second section, which
says "that this act shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage and approval."
Acts of Congress take effect upon their passage
without any declaration of that kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves to strike out the second section
of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third time,
and passed.
PREEMPTION LAWS IX COLORADO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on Private Land Claims.
I send the bill to the Clerk and hope that it may
be put on its passage. It is a House bill, a
very small matter, and the Committee on
Private Land Claims recommend it.
The Chief Clerk. ''A bill (II. R. No. 1930)
to extend the provisions of the preemption laws
to the Territory of Colorado, and for other pur-
poses. "
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is not the bill I in-
tended to report; but as the Secretary has that
bill, and which I am also in favor of, I hope
we shall go on with it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Co m-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to extend the privileges of
the act of May 80, 1862, entitled "Au act to
reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of
the public lands iu the United States," to
Colorado, and to repeal the proviso of the first
section of the act approved June 2, 1S62, enti-
tled "An act to establish a land office in the
Territory of Colorado, and for other purposes."
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, lo insert, as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
the act of Congress approved March 27,185-1, entitled
"An act for the relief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes,"shall bo construed to relieve
such settlers from the obligation to file the proper
notices of their claims, as in other eases: and all
claimants of preemption rights shall hereafter, when
no shorter period of time is now prescribed by low,
make the proper proof and payment for tho lands :
claimed within eighteen months after the date pre- >
scribed for tiling their declaratory notices shall have I
expired: Provided, 'I'hat where said date shall have I
elapsed before the passage of this act said preempt- 1
urs shall have one year after the passage hereof in j
which to make such proof and payment. j
The amendment was agreed to. I
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
additional bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill (S.
No. 1059) in relation to additional bounties;
and I ask to have it put on its passage now. It
was proposed as an amendment to another bill.
I hope we shall have action on it at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that all soldiers who were
mustered into the service of the United States
for three years, between the 4th of May and the
22d of July, 1861, and who were honorably dis-
charged before serving two years, by reason of
disability contracted 111 the service, shall be
entitled to receive $100 bounty. It also pro-
vides that the widow, children, or father, or
mother, in the order named, of any soldierwho
enlisted for a less period than one year, and
who was killed or died in the service, shall be
entitled to receive tho same bounties as have
been provided by law where the soldier enlisted
for two years.
Mr. COLE. I have a proper amendment, I
think, to go on that bill.
Mr. WILSON. This is a new bill.
Mr. COLE. Well, my amendment is not
new. It is to insert as an additional section
the following:
And be it further enacted, That section seven of tho
: act making appropriation for the support of the
! Army for the year ending June 30,18GS, approved
March 2,18fi7, shall apply to all California and Ne-
vada volunteers who were honorably discharged for
any cause in New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, or Texas.
Mr. WILSON. Is that amendment in order ?
■ It has nothing to do with this bounty bill.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a ques-
| tion for the Senate to decide. The Chair can-
' not, rule it out of order on that ground.
! Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be put on
! the bill.
: Mr. COLE. This is the same provision that
has been applied to the soldiers of other States.
1 do not wish to interfere with the passage of
| the bill, and unless the Senator from Massa-
i chusetts is willing that it all go on the bill, [
; shall not press the amendment; but I think it
\ ought to go on the bill.
t Mr. WILSON. I do not think it ought.
! Mr. COLE. I will withhold it for the present.
\ Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts cannot hope to pass this bill through
the House at this session. Why does he urge
! it now? J
i Mr. CONKLING. Before we come to the ;
j! amendment of the Senator from California, if
I we do ever come to it, I should like to know
i about the bill as it will stand without that
j amendment. I wish the Seuator from Massa-
• i chusetts would tell us how much money it iu-
j volves, what its purpose is, and what its neces-
I sity is.
Mr. WILSON. I will state it as nearly as
possible. A case was taken to tho Supreme
Court, and contested; and the Supreme Court
decided that soldiers who had entered the
service under the call of the President in the
spring of 1881. before the legislation of Con-
gress, were entitled, if honorably discharged,
to the bounty of $100 promised by the Pres-
ident. There were eighty regiments of these
men, and this bill applies to those who were
discharged from those regiments honorably.
Mr. POMEROY. Befoie the expiration of
their term of service.
Mr. WILSON. Before the expiration of the
! two years or three years. It is confined to
! those regiments, and it is tocarrj'out thedecis-
i ion of the Supreme Court. The difficulty in tho
I matter is for the Department to tell to which
j of those regiments this belongs. There were
| forty-two regiments of one kind, and altogether
I eighty regiments.
Mr. CONKLING. Eighty thousand men?
Mr. WILSON. About eighty thousand men
in all. This bill applies to the inen who were
honorably discharged from the service in those
eighty regiments first called out tinder the
promise of the President. Tho Supreme Court
has decided that although they did not serve
two years or three years they were entitled,
under the promise of the Government, to the
bounty of $100, and this bill applies to them.
It meets the approbation of the.War Depart-
ment and of the Sccond Auditor. -
Mr. WILLIAMS. How much money will
it take?
Mr. WILSON. No one can tell how many
of these men were honorably discharged ; per-
haps one hundred in a regiment; perhaps sixty.
The probabilities are that of the whole number
there must be perhaps seven or eight thousand
men ; but we cannot tell certainly how many
would be included who were honorably dis-
charged before their two years' expired.
The second section of the bill provides that
the widows and children of men who entered
the service, no matter how long they served,
who lost their lives in the line of their duty,
shall be entitled to the $100 bounty; and cer-
tainly if a man who entered the service only
for nitiety days or one hundred days lost his
life in the line of his duty, there is no reason
why his widow and children should not have
the benefit of the bounty as well as though he
served two years or three years.
Mr. CONKLING. Tho chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has, no doubt,
an idea approaching the amount involved in
this bill. 1 should like to know, as well as he
can tell, how much money he thinks it will
take to answer the bill, if it becomes a law?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell certainly; but
the probabilities are that it will cost from a
million to a million and a half dollars. I
have made inquiries, but it is a mere matter
of estimate.
Mr. CONKLING. One other question, if
the chairman will allow me. Has he any
knowledge of the extent to which these claims
are represented by their original owners, either
by soldiers or their families, and to what extent
they have gone into the hands of otherpersons?
I am told there is some information on that
subject which might be obtained.
Mr; WILSON. I do not think there is any
information anywhere that can give us the pre-
cise facts. It is a matter of estimate. Many
of these claims have gone into the hands of
claim ageuts; and I desire to say here that the
claim agent influence in this Government is
one of the most potent influences we have, and
one that we shall have to watch very carefully
in the future, or millions and tens of millions
will be taken cut of the Treasury of the United
States through the influence of claim agents..
They support newspapers and organize agen-
cies with a view to operating on the public
mind and Congress.
I believe, however, that the two sections of
this bill are just and right, and ought to be
carried out. The persons named in the first
section of this bill have been eight years with-
out any bounty at all. They went home before
their time was out, were honorably discharged
by the Government. Their claim to bounty
was contested, carried to the Supreme Court,
and the Supreme Court decided that they were
entitled to tho bounty under the promise of the
Government before thelegislationofJuly, 1861.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to let this bill lie over until a later
period in the day, or until to-morrow, and in
the mean time we can ascertain precisely what
it, will cost. Now it is impossible to know
whether it will cost a million and a half or ten
million dollars. We should have a report from
tho War Department as to what it will cost.
Mr. WILSON. I have been to the Depart-
ment probably a dozen times ; I have talked
for hours with Mr. French on the subject, and
