1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong.."..2d Sess.
Railroad Company be, and hereby is, author-
ized to issue its bonds to aid in the construc-
tion and equipment of its road, and to secure
tb e same by mortgage on its property and rights
of,property of all kinds and descriptions, real,
personal, and mixed, including its franchise as
a corporation; and, as proof and notice of its
legal execution and effectual delivery, said
mortgage shall be filed and recorded in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior; and
also to locate and construct, under the pro-
visions and with the privileges, grants, and
duties provided for in its act of incorporation,
its main road to some point on Puget sound,
via the valley of the Columbia river, with the
right to locate and construct its branch from
some convenient point on its main trunk line
across theCascade mountains to Puget sound;
and in the event of there not being in any State
or Territory in which said main line or branch
may be located, at the time of the final location
thereof, the amount of lands per mile granted
by Congress to said company, within the limits
prescribed by its charter, then said company
shall be entitled, under the directions of the
Secretary of the Interior, to receive so many
sections of land belonging to the United States,
and designated by odd numbers, in such State
or Territory, within ten miles on each side of
said road, beyond the limits prescribed in said
charter, as will make up such deficiency, on
said main line or branch, except mineral and
other lands as excepted in the charter of said
company of eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
to the amount of the lands that have been
granted, sold, reserved, occupied by homestead
settlers, preempted, or otherwise disposed of
subsequent to the passage of the act of July
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-four. And
that twenty-five miles of said main line between
its western terminus and the city of Portland,
in the State of Oregon, shall be completed by
the first day of January, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and forty miles of
the remaining portion thereof each year there-
after, until the whole shall be completed between
said points: Provided, That all lands hereby
granted to said company which shall not be
sold or disposed of or remain subject to the
mortgage by this act authorized, at the expi-
ration of five years after the completion of the
entire road, shall be subject to settlement and
preemption like other lands, at a price to be
paid to said company not exceeding two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre; and if the mort-
gage hereby authorized shall at any time be
enforced by foreclosure or other legal proceed-
ing. or the mortgaged lands hereby granted,
or any of them, be sold by the trustees to whom
such mortgage may be executed, either at its
maturity or for any failure or default of said
company under the terms thereof, such lands
shall be sold at public sale, at places within
the States and Territories in which they shall
be situate, after not less than sixty days; pre-
vious notice, in single sections or subdivisions
thereof, to the highest and best bidder: Iro-
vided further, That in the construction of the
said railroad, American iron or steel only shall
be used, the same to be manufactured irom
American ores exclusively.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, lhat Con-
gress may at anytime alter or amend this joint
resolution, having due regard to the rights of
said company, and any other parties.
Approved, May 31, 1870.
09,—Joint Resolution to correct an Error
in the Knroliment of a Joint Resolution
(herein named.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America^ in
Congress assembled* That the second section
of I'iin joint resolution " authorizing the sale
of certain lauds at Springfield, Massachusetts
and for other purposes," approved May fourth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, be so amended
that it will read, "That Byers street, hereto-
fore opened," &c., instead of "Ryers street,"
as it was erroneously enrolled.
Approved, June G, 1870.
No. 70.—A Resolution to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
Register to the Bark "Live Oak" and to the
Ship "Agra" of Boston.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue an American register to the
British bark Live Oak, owned by citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, and to the ship
Agra, of Boston, owned by Thomas B. Wales
and Company.
Approved, June 7, 1870.
No. 72.—A Resolution in relation to the Com-
pensation of Assistant Marshals for taking
the Census of 1870.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of'the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
increase the compensation of assistant marshals
in taking the census of*eighteen hundred and
seventy, whenever, in his judgment, such in-
crease shall be necessary: Provided, That in
no case shall such increase exceed fifty per
centum of the amount of compensation now
allowed by law, and no such additional allow-
ance shall be made except when by reason of
the sparseness of the population the compen-
sation heretofore allowed by law is not suffi-
cient, nor shall the entire compensation be
more than eight dollars per day, exclusive of
mileage, for the time actually employed.
Approved, June 9, 1870.
No. 73.—A Resolution appointing Managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volun-
teer Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following per
sons be, and they are hereby, appointed man
agers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers, under the provisions of
the second section of the act approved March
twenty-third, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-six: Lewis B. Gunckel, of Ohio; Jay
Cooke, of Pennsylvania ; and John S. Cav-
ender, of Missouri; whose terms expire on the
twenty-first day of April, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy.
Approved, Ju#e 9, 1870.
No. 75.—Joint Resolution to enable the Sec
retary of the Treasury to collect Wrecked and
Abandoned Property, Derelict Claims, and
Dues belonging to the United States.
Be it resolved by th e Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to make such
contracts and provisions as he may deem most
advantageous for the interests of the Govern-
ment, for the preservation, sale, or collection
of any property, or the proceeds thereof, which
may have been Wrecked, abandoned, or be-
come derelict, being within the jurisdiction of
the United States, and which ought to come
to the United States, or any moneys, dues,
and other interests lately in the possession of
or due to the so-called Confederate States, or
their agents, and now belonging to the United
States, which are now withheld or retained by
any person, corporation, or municipality what-
ever, and*which ought to have come into the
possession and custody of, or been collected
or received by, the United States; and in such
contracts to allow such compensation to any
person giving information thereof, or who shall
actually preserve, collect, surrender, or pay
over the same, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem just and reasonable: Provided,
That no cost or claim, of whatever name or
nature, shall become chargeable to the United
States in so obtaining, preserving, collecting,
receiving, or making available property, debts,
dues, or interests, which shall not be paid from
such moneys as shall be realized and received
from the property so collected, under each
specific agreement.
Ax'proved, June 21, 1870.
No. 70. — A Resolution authorizing a Dis-
tribution of the Copies remaining in the
Department of State of the "Tributes of
the Nations to Abraham Lincoln."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the copies of the
"Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lin-
coln," now remaining undisposed of in the
possession of the Secretary of State, be dis-
tributed as follows, to wit: three copies to
each Senator and member of the Ilouse of
Representatives of the Forty-First Congress,
and theremainder to be distributed by the Sec-
retary of State to such persons as he shall indi-
cate, the Secretary of State having the author-
ity to have refinished at the Government Priut-
iug Office such copies as may need the same.
Approved, June 21,1870.
No. 77.—Joint Resolution granting an Ameri-
can Register to the British-built Schooner
"Venilia."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to issue
an American register to the British-built
schooner " Venilia," wrecked and abandoned
in waters of the United States, and now owned
by citizens of Maine.
Apx'ROVED, June 22, 1870.
No. 78.—Joint Resolution granting Condemned
Guns to the Soldiers' Monument Associa-
tion of Adrian, Michigan.
Beitresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be authorized to turn over to the Soldiers'
Monument Association, of Adrian, Michigan,
four pieces of condemned iron or bronze guns,
on hand unfit for Army purposes, for ornament-
ation of their soldiers' monument grounds.
Approved, June 22, 1870.
No. 79. — Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal
of the Judges of the County Court of Greene
County, State of Missouri, certain Captured
Ordnance.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United 'States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to place at the disposal of the judges of the
county court of the county of Greene, in the
State of Missouri, eight captured twelve-
pounder guns of obsolete pattern, now con-
demned and in store at the Rock Island arsenal,
to be placed in Franklin square, North Spring-
field, Missouri, around a monument _ to be
erected to the memory of the late Brigadier
General Nathaniel Lyon, and the Federal sol-
diers who fell with him at the battle of Wilson
Creek.
Approveti, June 23, 1870.
