1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4589
Mr. PATNE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment, to make a suggestion?
Mr. FARN'SWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that he post-
pone this matter until Tuesday. There are
always so many matters of importance for Mon-
days, when alone the rules can be suspended,
tlii.it I think it would not be desirable to occupy
that day with this case.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that
arrangement. I move that this question be
postponed until Tuesday, and on that motion
I call the previous question.
Mr. FAItNSWOKTH. My colleague is not
in possession of the floor to be able to call the
previous question. I was recognized by the
Chair, and gave way to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.]
The SPEAKEll. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxswoktil]
Mr. FAHNSWOKTH. I do not see how
the House can properly act on this question
without the report of the committee. If we
do so, we act simply on the declarations of
members. So far as the present question before
the House is concerned, that of the swearing
in of this member, we have no official intima-
tion presented with the credentials on which
action of the nature indicated by my colleague
can be based. True, we remember as mem-
bers of Congress something that transpired some
weeks ago. But that is notenough. My object
in moving to refer the case to the Committee
of Elections is that that committee, to whom
such credentials are always referred, may gather
the facts, the precedents, the law, everything
bearing on this question, and report to this
House a resolution for its action. But if we
postpone the case for consideration on some
future day. my colleague will make a speech,
other gentlemen will make speeches, and we
will have a tedious debate, going over the
very same ground which we went over a few
weeks ago, without the precedents being pre-
sented in a proper form for going upon the
Journals of the House.
I desire that the facts shall be reported upon
by the Committee of Elections, so that the
Journals of the House and the documents of
Congress may show upon what the House has
based its action. Why should not this be
done? Why should we not, as in any other
case when a man's credentials are presented,
send these credentials to the Committee of
Elections? I am willing to trust that com-
mittee to make a report, and then my cob
league may take such action as he pleases. 1
hope, therefore, that the House will vote down
the motion to postpone, and agree to the mo-
tion to refer the case to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
following may be referred to the Committee on
the Rules :
Unsolved, Th;it the following bo added to tho rules
or tho House: In ease tiny person presents iimiseii
at the bar of the House to be sworn 111 as a mernoer-
elect, "who may have been expelled, or who may have
resigned during the same Congress while a resolution
for his expulsion was pending, it snail be m order,
before administering tho oath to such member-elect,
to reJcr the case to the committee which had in charge
tho resolution of expulsion, or the Ilouscmay at once
take action on the case.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that
resolution being referred to tne Committee on
the Rules.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would not a motion
to refer these credentials to the Committee of
Elections take precedence of the motion to
postpone?
The SPEAKER. Itwouldnow lora motion
to refer can itself be postponed.
Mr. LOU AN. Let me say a few words.
The reason why I object to referring this case
to a committee is that it would be treating it
with a consideration to which it is not entitled.
This House is perfectly conversant with all the
facts. Members here know all about the man.
They know his character and hisposition before
the country. They know what were his acts
when he was before a member of this House,
and what was the course which the House pur-
sued in regard to him. It is merely a question
for the House t.o determine whether this man
shall be again allowed to take a seat during
this Congress. That is all there is about it.
It is not a question for the Committee of
Elections, or for any other committee, to report
upon. It is merely a question whether this
House will stand by the resolution it adopted
but a few weeks since by a unanimous vote.
It is a question for the House to decide, and
not for any committee. It is merely a ques-
tion whether this House, after having declared
that this man was unworthy to hold a seat in
the Forty-First Congress, will now repudiate
its action, or whether it will stand by thatwhich
was justified by the moral sense of this House
and of this country. That is all there is 111 this
case.
I want this case to be kept before the House,
And I want the House to act directly upon it. 1
am ready to-day with all the law and the prece-
dents to meet this case, and to argue it before
the House. I do not desire to have it go be-
fore any committee, nor do I believe that eny
committee desires to examine it. It is a case
which needs no further examination ; the record
is here; the evidence is all here and printed.
We know the facts and the circumstances at-
tending the resignation. We have here the
certificate that lie has been reelected to repre-
sent a certain constituency. If you should
refer this case to a committee you would only
be requiring them to re-report what has already
been reported by a committee. It is for the
House to determine whether they will readmit
this man to a seat here after the resolution we
passed but a short time since. There is no
question about the manner of tho election, or
in regard to the voting at that election, or in
reference to the Governor scertificate, or to any
position this man may have occupied in the
canvass or out of it. The only question is in
regard to the position he occupies before this
House in presenting himself to be resworn in
as a member of Congress.
In regard to the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, [Mr. Paixe,]
that Monday is a day for general business
which cannot be done on any other day of the
week, ond as I do not want to take up the
time to-day which has been allotted to the Com-
mittee ot Claims, 1 will modify my motion so
that this case shall be postponed to Tuesday
next immediately after the morning hour, at
which time we will have the naked question
before the House for its decision.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for an inquiry?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any precedent
here or elsewhere of a case where a man has
been reelected to and readmitted in the same
Congress?
Mr. LOGAN. I will argue that question
when this case comes up again. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. MAYS ARD. I rise to make an inquiry.
Suppose a majority of the House should be of
opinion that these credentials ought to be
referred to the Committee of Elections, how
could they manifest that preference U the pre-
vious questiou should be seconded?
The SPEAKER. If the House should refuse
to second the demand for the previous ques-
tion the motion to refer would be in order.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered, and under
the operation thereof the motion of Mr. Loft
to postpone the further consideration ot the
subject till next Tuesday, after the morning
hour, was agreed to.
Mr. LOG-AN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken 5 and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY A. COOLIDGE.
Mr. WASHBUE.N, of Massachusetts, re-
ported back from the Committee of Claims
a bill (S. No. 34G) for the relief of Mary A.
Coolidge.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue four new bonds
for $100 each, with coupons attached from and
including the coupons of July 1, 1864, to Mary
A. Coolidge, of Augusta, Maine, in lieu of her
live-twenty coupon bonds of a like amount, of
the second series, and numbered 45489, 45490
45491, and 4541)2, respectively, destroyed by
fire j but before issuing the new bouds the
Secietaiy of the Treasury is to require a suffi-
cient bond of indemnity securing the Govern-
ment against the presentation of the bonds
alleged to be destroyed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the report be read.
The report of the Senate Committee on Claims
was read, as follows:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
hill S. No. 346, for tho relief of Mary A. Coolidge,
submit this their report:
This claim is for the payment or reissue of five-
twenty bonds to theamoun t o1'$1,900, which the claim-
ant testifies were destroyed by lire on the 30th day of
Juno, 1864.
She states in her affidavit that she had nino bonds
of the denomination of $100 each, and one of the
denomination of $1,000, with other securities, locked
up in a small trunk, and deposited in the wardrobe
of her room, also locked, at her boarding-house, where
she had boarded several years* in tbecity of Augusta,
Maine, and which was burned on that day, with its
contents.
She shows when and how the bonds were purchased^
but had no memoranda or personal knowledge or
their numbers or series. She purchased the $1,000
bond, and live of the $100 bonds, of a Mr. Dunning,
of Bangor, Maine, through Hon. S. P. Strickland,
who testily to the fact but cannot identify them.
The other four of the $100 bonds were purchased
of Mr. William T.Johnson, of Augusta, in June, I860,
who describes them in his affidavit as of the second
series, and numbered 45180, 45890, 45891, and 45S92,
respectively.
The circumstances of the fire arc given with much
particularity by several witnesses, and the high char-
acter ot the clainrant is well established.
The corroborative testimony of the destruction of
the bonds, added to the claimant's affidavit, and tho
fact that no coupons from such as arc identified have
appeared at the Treasury Department .sinee the
alleged destruction, justify, in the opinion of your
committee, the lF-sue of bonds in lieu ot those identi-
fied, upon the claimant furnishing a sufficient secur-
ity against the reappearance of the originals.
Tho committee report the bill back with an amend-
ment, and recommend that it be so amended and
passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading j and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which tho bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JOHN A. WILCOX.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back, from the same committee, a bill
fS. No. 552) for the relief of Captain John A.
Wilcox.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers, in settling and adjusting
the accounts of John A. Wilcox, captain fourth
regiment of United States cavalry, to credit
him with the sum of S704 10. being the amount
of Government funds which were stolen from
him, without his default, at or near Fort Clark,
Texas, on the 14lh of February, 18G7.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BEXJAAilN. I would like to heat-
some explanation of this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
state the circumstances. Captain Wilcox* a
Government officer, stationed near tne bosdei
of Texas, had Government funds in his pos-
session to the amount of $000. The evidence
