1758
WSi i OOKGK®SSIWAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the original loan lav of Alexander Hamilton
we provided for interest on the old foreign loan.
So in the war of 1812 we provided for the
negotiation of a foreign loan. So in 1819 we
provided for a foreign loan. We saved one
half of one per cent, in interest on a consider-
able amount of our foreign debt by paying it
abroad, and our fathers did not consider it a
disgrace to do so. The Russian Government
does it.
It is said that France and England do not do
it, and perhaps Prussia does not do it. Why ?
Because those three countries are located just
i a the center of the money of Europe and there-
fore there is no occasiou for their doing it, and
besides, their debts are held at home. I would
much rather that our debt was all held here. I
wish it were. I wish the $1,000,000,000 of our
bonds now scattered through Europe were held
by American citizens and that they were receiv-
ing the interest, I would rather pay a little
more to our own citizens than a little less to
foreigners. But the fact is that we are now
paying six percent, interest in gold to foreign-
ers, and bankers are now discounting our
coupons at a loss of three or four or five pea-
cent. to the holders of thp coupons in some
cases.
We sometimes glory in our American coin.
The five dollar half eagle is worth.more than
twenty-five francs, more than a pound sterling;
and yet let any American traveler go abroad
with a half eag-le in his pocket and he will Hud
that it is not worth as much as twenty-five
francs or a pound sterling. The pound ster-
ling is worth but $4 84 of our money, and a
twenty-five france piece is worth considerably
less than five dollars; but the actual exchange
made by the discount of bankers makes the
American lose always when abroad. Now, if
we can get the benefit of this difference by
paying a portion of our public debt abroad in
foreign currencies, why shqgld we not do it?
But after all this matter is left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. No one
can say how much of this loan will be nego-
tiated abroad;, but if a portion of it is issued
under the fifth section of this bill it will only
be because we can save a considerable sum of
money to the people of the United States.
opinion, therefore, is that it is wise, that it is
better to leave this discretion with the Secre-
tary of I he Treasury. . The same discretion has
been left in almost every loan law. In the
laws that were passed during the war the same
authority was Conferred upon Secretary Chase,
Secretary FepSjStjdea,, and Secretary McCul-
loch. They were authorized to negotiate bonds
in Europe as well as m America. ' ,
. Mr, CORBETr. But the interest on those
bonds was not, made payable, abroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iuthe first loan, law of
Ihe war, under which the bonds of 1881 were
issued, we authorized the Secretary to . make
it . payable in .any country in Europe. The
Secretary thought it was best not to do it at
that time; but the matter was left to his dis-
cretion in the law. .1 have before me the act
of July 17, 1?61; and the fifth section of that
act provides— .. .
"That the Secretary of the Treasury may, if he
deem it advisable, negotiate any portion of said loan,
not exceeding $100,060,090, iti any foreign country,
and payable at any <lestrn t«d place either in the
United States or in Europe, and may issue registered
or coupon bonds for the amount thus negotiated,
agreeably to the provisions of this act, bearing:'in-
terest, payable 8M*i-anaoally either ia the United
Suites or ataay designated place,in Europ^;,and ha
is further authorized tt> appoint such atjept or agents
as he may deem nec&sary for negotiating Suieh loan
usder, Ms M #truoU n« - and to? .paying the interest
on did same, and to fix the compensation of auch,
ngtnit or agents, aM'shall prescribe to Ihem all the1
rules, regulations, and modes tonderWhich such loan'
shall be negotiated, and shall hav«J>QW r to fix the'
rate of exchange at which the principal shall be
received Irom the contractors ror the loin; and the
exchange for the payment of the; principal'and in
tercst ia Europeshall bo a£-tfe« satoe ratei"
This section gave to Sisceetary Chase far
more power, so far as a foreign loan-waa con-
cerned, than is conferred by the fifth sectiaa of
this act. • Now, shall tak« nw^y from lb*
geaent Secretary that ordinary discretion ?
e may not exercise it. The very fact that
he has the power to go into a foreign market
and negotiate a loan may be a lever by which
he can negotiate the domestic loan. He may
decline to negotiate the loan, but the very fact
that he haa the power to go to Europe, to any
country of Europe, and place a bond payable
in Europe and the interest payable there—
that very fact may enable him to negotiate a
bond at a less rate of interest; and this pro-
vision is contained in nearly ali your loan laws.
Will you deprive him of it? If you do of
course you cripple his hands to that extent,
you limit his power.
Mr. President, there is not a single thing in
this bill, from beginning to end. conferring a
discretion on the Secretary of the Treasury
which has not been conferred heretofore in
repeated laws; and the question ia whether
you will put upon him a task that even I fear
he will not be able to execute with all the power
you can give him; the question is, will you im-
pose upon him that task and deny to him the
ordiuary facilities and powers that have been
conferred repeatedly upon other Secretaries?
If you do, you will defeat this bill by indirec-
tion, and thus prevent the savins to the people
of the United States of a large sum of money
and the reduction of the interest on the public
debt, and the responsibility will not rest on
him; it will rest on you.
Mr. GORBETT. Mr. President, I have not
proposed to amend the sixth section, to which
the Senator directed a large part of his re-
marks, and I shall only notice that in con-
nection with the fifth section that I hare pro-
posed to strike out.
1 have not thought it wise to strike ont the
provision allowing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury an appropriation of one per cent, in order
to execute this loan law, to place the loan at
home or abroad upon the market. I believe
that the Secretary should have that power and
should have that discretion. I believe that the
rate is not excessive when you take into con-
sideration the commissions you may have to
pay in different portions of Europe in remote
districts there, in order to place the loan upon
the market at the lowest rate of interest to the
best advantage. I believe that this power is
necessary for the Secretary, and I am willing
to give it to him. I have sufficient confidence
in the present. Secretary to trust him to that
extent, and he can be called upon at any time
to exhibit to Congress the expenses of nego-
tiating this loan.- He is held responsible to us.
I am satisfied that this one per cent, appro*
priation is necessary in order to enable him to
place' this loan upon the market, to introduce
it with energy'and efficiency, and to Advertise
it property through the different agencies and
through, the bankers; bat I do not consider it
necessary to give him the power to negotiate
this loan «nd make the interest of k payable in
London, Paris, Berlin, and Amsterdam.
It seems to me that we are now ia a very
different condition from what -we were when
we negotiated the loan of 1661. Then it was
difficult for us to obtain money at home or
abroad. It may have been necessary at that
time to give the Secretary thiadiscretion. But
it .appears that be himself thought it was hot
wise, and that it waa better to make our bonds'
payable at home, within oar own country, at
oar own treasury ia New Yorkj which we hope
at sasaedaywill be one of the moneyed centers
of the world as well as London is. Therefore
with that view, believing that <our country is
assuming such a degree of bnportanea that we
should take that stand and make our bonds
payable at home only, in my opinion U is im-
proper to.give' this discretion and make our
bonds:payoblie in Europe,- 1 . >
The people ia Europe who have invested in
our bonds have- dane w) at a'verylarge dis-
count, and. they jure now holding those bonds.
All we desire to do i  to> waJce- an appropria-
tion to send oar agents there, place these new
bonds upon the market through the bankers,
and they will exchange them with the holders
of our present bonds there. We do not wish
to extend or to increase our debt abroad. In
my opinion, the more of our bonds we can
hold now from this time forward here, the bet-
ter. Let us not import hereafter to such an
extent that we shall be obliged to send our
bonds abroad. We are producing a sufficient
amount of cotton and other products in this
country to send abroad in exchange for our
luxuries. I do not wish to encourage the ex-
portation of bonds to any greater extent. We
have $1,000,000,000 of them now in Europe,
and that is more than I wish we had. We have
got to pay them one day, dollar for dollar, in
gold. Let us exchange these new bonds in
Europe simply for the amount of bonds per-
sons there have now, and not endeavor to force
other bonds in those countries. It seems to
me it would be impolitic, unwise, and detri-
mental to the best interests of this Government
to do so.
For one I cannot consent to give power to
the Secretary to make these bonds payable in
Europe. Let the holders come to our own
counters and receive their money. They came
here and purchased these bonds. So far as
the exchange is concerned we have got to pay
the exchauge at any rate. These bonds are
worth perhaps eighty and a half. To make
them par you have to pay the exchange, nine
and a half per cent, and it makes them worth
par in Europe. We have got to pay this ex-
change. We cannot remit the money without
paying it, and it is simply giving the bankers
through whom we remit this money the oppor-
tunity to charge us a commission. If we are
to place this money in thehands of bankers in
Europe, we must take all the risks of the solv-
ency of those bankers. If they fail with our
:money in their hands we must lose the money.
It seems to me it would be very unwise to place
this large amount of money at the discretion
of bankers in Europe. We know that it is
secure and safe in our own Treasury. Let us
keep it there. Every banker in Europe knows
the value of a coupon. He can figure it down
to a dot. There are large numbers of bankers
through all the towns in Europe, and there is
competition among them; Each banker offers
as high a rate as he can afford for these cou-
pons and remits them to the United States.
They are paid here in gold, and those bankers
instruct the bankers here to invest that goldia
our securities, or in railroad or other bonds*
But little of this money goes to Europe whfirft
it is paid at our counters, because the expend
of remitting it is considerable. It makes it
our advantage, therefore, even if it should cost
us a little more for the loan, to have it paid
here where the interest will be reinvested in
our own securities. I hope, therefore, that the
fifth section will be stricken from the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If it ia in order I will move
to recommit the bill, with the pending amend-
ment, to the Committee on Finance, with
instructions.
Thfr PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fekrt
in the chair.) That motion is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. . I send the instructions which
I propose to the desk, and ask the Clerk to
read tnem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the instructions.
The Secretary read as follows :
That thebiil be recommitted to the Committee on
Finance, With instructions to report a substitute
embodying in proper form the following provis-
ions t
Firtt. To deduce the amount of each outstanding
bond of the Utfrted States by the difference between
the nominal value thereof and its gold value, or the
gold value of the bond of which it is the imuediata
or remote substitute at th? time of the sale thereof
by the Government.
Second. By the amount of usury paid by the Uni-
ted States on said bond, or any bond or bonds of
which it is the immediate or the remote substitute.
2'hied. To reduce the interest upon all outstanding
bonds to fire per cent, per annum.
Fourth. To tax all dividends arising en United
States bonds as soi much income.
