446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB,
fidence would be put in a banker who told you
that you should have §1,000 on a certain day,
and after you had risked your credit told you
on that day that you should not have it; that
he merely meant to deceive you and throw you
into bankruptcy? These men have done their
part, and they now ask that the Government
shall do its part. They challenge the House
and the country to show wherein they have not
done their part honestly, manfully, and faith-
fully. _ Virginia has done her part, and the
question is now, what shall we do ?
A question was asked the other day which I
wish to answer, although not pertinent to the
pending proposition. It was asked what right
has the General Government to invade a State
for the purpose of maintaining order. I be-
lieve the General Government has such a right;
but that it is one of the doubtful powers and
ought only to be exercised as a last resort. I
do not announce this as a temptation to gen-
tlemen, for I see already a disposition on their
part too readily to exercise that most doubtful
point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL resumed the floor.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Axtell] yield to mo for a
moment?
Mr. AXTELL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to give notice
that I will move an amendment to strike out
the preamble in the original bill.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, the happiest
omen in this debate is the fact that for some
of the great truths battled for by the Democracy
we are receiving welcome aid from the Repub-
lican side of the House. I am gratified that I
yielded so much of my hour to the able and
eloquent gentleman who hasjustpreceeded me.
And hours, with the Democratic members, so
far as debate is concerned, are very precious.
1 expect that in the two years we are to pass
here we will be able to sum up the time occu-
pied on this floor in debate by members of the
Democratic party in very small figures. Yery
few hours have been allotted to us; and that
the iron rule has been somewhat relaxed in
t.his debate is the most favorable and happy
omen that the country has witnessed for many
long days. And I think it will be found that
there is no danger in this relaxation, so that
free discussion may be permitted.
[ stand—and I take pride in saying it—I
stand here and at all times as a man who has
always to the best of his ability supported the
flag of the Union. And there is no honorable
soldier on this floor or in this country but has
to-day my profound gratitude and respect for
the part that he took on the side of this Union
in defense of my flag, the flag of my fathers ;
and I will act with such at all times when 1
believe them to be in the right, and maintain-
ing the honor, the dignity, and the perpetuity
of the Union of these States.
I am glad that many of those men, and espe-
cially those men who fought through the war,
are coming to-day to say to us, "If you on your
part, representing as you do a constituency that
differs from us at the polls, if you on your part
will accept in all their length and breadth the
issues of the war, we on our part will see that
no further conditions are exacted than those
which were demanded during the struggle."
The war has passed. I do not mean to say
that the results of the war ever can pass, or
that the feelings engendered by the war can
wear out during the generation of the men who
foughtin that war. Ido not expect that happy
reconciliation of people whose blood has
been made hot by civil war which some seem
fondly to imagine. I believe that the feelings
engendered by the war in men and in families
will remain in this country, as has been the
case in all countries which have passed through
similar circumstances, during the life-time
of the generation which witnessed that war.
The war is over, so far as the sound of battle
is concerned. But the great waves which it
set in motion are still surging and breaking
at our feet; their force is still felt in this Hall.
Allow me to say that in my judgment the
great revolution, the great political revolu-
tion has just commenced ; and I for one am
thankful that the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Palmer]—for he is a representative man—
has stated his views as to what will yet be done
with Tennessee. I am glad that the dominant
party in this House took the course they did
with respect to Georgia. I am glad of it, for
the country will now come to understand that
it is not merely loyalty to the flag andthe
Constitution of the country, but that it is
something deeper and further than this that
the Republican party demands. The country
has not heretofore understood that sufficiently.
And it is necessary that there should be solemn
legislative action, carrying out fully their
views, on the part of the Republican party,
before the country can fully understand it.
Butwhen I say that I am glad of their course
it is not because I approve of their course, but
because it unmasks the party. It brings the
issue out clearly aud distinctly, so that after
free discussion the people of the country can
take sides. Now, I am willing to act with any
of these gentlemen in all measures that shall
secure the legitimate and j ust fruits of this great
struggle through which we have passed. I in-
clude among these the freedom of the negro,
because I believe that to be one of the legiti-
mate fruits of the war. I include also all those
provisions which are incorporated in the thir-
teenth and fourteenth amendments. And I am
willing to act with these gentlemen, or with any
mei^in the United States who stand up for the
legitimate and just powers of Congress, and the
supremacy of the Constitution of the United
States in all its force and validity.
Now, gentlemen, are you willing to act with
me in saying that when a State is admitted she
shall remain ? We are taking a d eparture now,
and now is the time for men to take their sides.
Are you going with this new party, a party
within the Republican party, that says, "You
shall remain in the Union only a3 long as you
vote to please us, as long as you treat our
friends who go among you kindly and well, and
return them to Congress and give them posi-
tions in your own States?" Are you going
with the now party that says, "We will not
only judge of the election and qualifications of
our own members, but we will judge of the
election and qualifications of all officers in the
various States lately in rebellion ? " It is time
to take sides; the country is taking sides upon
this proposition. It is time for men to say that
Tennessee ought to be dealt with and will be
dealt with in this Congress, or for men to say
that Congress has no more right to interfere
with the State of Tennessee than the Legisla-
ture ofTennessee has to interfere with Congress;
or if we are the supreme and central power.
If there is a party, as there seems to me to be,
growing up in this country inside of the Repub-
lican party—a party that intends to sit here
month after month and year after year to
determine the election and qualifications of
officers in Virginia and Tennessee and Geor-
gia, and in other States, then let that party
fling broadcast its banner and call itself a cen-
tral and supervising power over the States. I
have been a frontier man all my life, and there
was a time on the western coast when it was
very wild and hard. I tell you, gentlemen, I j
know of but one power that ever brought out !
of chaos order, out of darkness light, from a !
state of confusion harmony, and that power :
was the good sense of the people : and I say !
here boldly to-night that the only hope of sal- !
vation for this Republic, for order and peace j
and quiet and civilization in any community, is '
the people. The Supreme Court is high ; the !
military arm is strong; but the people are I
higher and wiser and stronger t&an court and ii
Army and Administration; and if we cannot ji
trust the people there is no hope for the Re- I
public. |]
The doctrine enunciated in the Georgia case
here in debate, and sought to be enforced by
this bill, is the doctrine that the Congress of
the United States are called upon to govern,
not by laws, but by supervisory force, exer-
cised first by refusing representation—a small
matter; and second, by keeping States and
communities in a condition to be governed by
military power; and again, after trying these
States for a time in Congress, turning them out
or reconstructing them again. I had supposed
when that strange word "reconstruction" first
fell upon the ear of the country—and all new
words are dangerous until their signification
becomes fully established—I had supposed that
it meant to build up and bring back and restore
a State to its normal relations to the Govern-
m'ent.
I learn, day by day, that the word widens in
its significance; that the word comes to mean
now setting a State back and turning it out of
the Union. Virginia is a State. Why, the bill
itself that you have introduced commences by
saying that "the State of Virginia" is entitled
to representation upon certain conditions. Vir-
ginia is a State, but she is not represented upon
this floor, and the strange anomaly in the bill
is that in its second section it provides that the
Senators of the U nited States heretofore elected
by the State of Virginia shall take their seats
under this bill.
No Senator can be eleeted except by a State.
Virginia has eleeted her Senators. Now, either
the sovereign State of Virginia—sovereign in
its capacity of electing Senators—either the
sovereign State of Virginia elected these Sen-
ators, or it is proposed by this bill to elect them
by Congress. I do not care how you explain
it away or talk about it, it is either the one
way or the other. If Virginia was a State so
far as to elect Senators, then they are entitled
to be admitted to their seats. If she was not
a State, then no Senators were elected, and
Congress cannot elect any for Virginia.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. AXTELL. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I should be unwilling to take
any of the time of the gentleman if he objects
to it.
Mr. AXTELL. I do not object.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman
to call to mind the case of any one of the Ter-
ritories which has been organized, first by an
enabling act, and afterward by a ratifying act
admitted into the Union, or a Territory which
has been admitted by a ratifying act without
any prior enabling act, where Senators of the
United States were elected by the territorial
Legislature before the Territory became a State
and before the ratifying act was passed, and
then tell me wherein that case differs in princi-
plefrom the case which Virginia presents to-day.
We have had repeated instances of that kii.l
wnere United States Senators have been elected
before any State government had been formed
and acknowledged by the Congress of the
United States, and yet in a moment, by a rati-
fying act, we have admitted these Territories
to representation in Congress as States, and
have thereby clothed those Senators so elected
with the powers of Senators of the United
States, not by virtue of any action here, but
by virtue of the action of the State in its in-
cipient condition, afterward officially recog-
nized and made a State by our action. So in
the case of Virginia; we propose by the pro-
visions of this bill to ratify the action of the
Legislature of Virginia in the selec'o'i of
United States Senators. Now, I would ask
my friend to explain to me if he can the differ-
ence of principle between the cases of those
Territories and the case of Virginia to-day.
Mr. AXTELL. There is no gentleman upon
this floor for whom I entertain a moreprofound
personal regard than for the worthy member
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] for he was an
old schoolmate and is a long-time friend. I
had the honor, however, in some remarks that
