4590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
shows that one of the employes of the Govern-
ment in the quartermaster's department got at
the trunk in which the money was kept, stole
it, and then deserted. The committee were
satisfied that there was no fault on the part of
this officer, and that he did everything in his
power to capture the deserter and recover the
funds. The evidence being clear on this point,
the committee are in favor of concurring with
the Senate in the passage of this bill for the
relief of the officer.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not this case come
within the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims?
That court has power to relieve certain officers
when they have lost Government funds in-
trusted to their custody. For instance, a pay-
master in the Army may be thus relieved by
the judgment of that court.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a small amount of $600, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] very well knows
that the man had better lose the amount than
go to the expense of carrying a suit through
the Court of Claims. I will add that the gen-
eral bill which we have passed this morning
will, when it becomes a law, cover all cases of
this class; but as this bill has been passed by
the Senate, the committee thought it best for
the House to concur in it, as there can be no
doubt in reference to the justice of the claim.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The hearing before the
Committee of Claims was entirely ex parte.
We know nothing about the other side. To
pass claims in this way is a most dangerous
practice.
The bill passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
simon gerstine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
the memorial of Simon Gerstine, of Savannah,
Georgia, asking that the proceeds of forty-five
bales of cotton, captured from him by General
Sherman, be returned to him; and the same
was laid upon the table.
naomi a. stevens.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back House joint
resolution No. 139, for the relief of Naomi A.
Stevens, of Jackson county, Michigan, with
the recommendation that it do pass, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The joint resolution provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be directed to issue to
Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson county, Michi-
gan, one six per cent, coupon bond for the sum
of $000, in lieu of a bond destroyed by fire
bearing date the 20th day of June, 1864, num-
bered 10151, payable in twenty years and
redeemable after five years from date, with
interest.
The substitute of the committee provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to issue to Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson
county, Michigan, one six per cent, coupon
bond, with interest due thereon from and in-
cluding May, 1868, in lieu of the same destroyed
by fire, numbered 10151, issued under act of
June SO, 1864, redeemable in five and payable
in twenty years ; provided the Secretary shall
be satisfied of the destruction of said bond and
the coupons thereof, from and including May,
1868; and provided further that a satisfactory
bond of indemnity shall be given on behalf of
the said Naomi A. Stevens acceptable to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The substitute was agreed to.
'i he bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and bemg
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
and also moved that the motion to
reconsitler be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. r. clark.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back a joint
•resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the relief of J.
R. Clark, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The joint resolution provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to audit and settle the accounts of J.
R. Clark, late collector of internal revenue for
the fourth collection district of California,
under the provisions of section twenty-five of
the act approved June 80, 1864, entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue, to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes and in addition
to annual necessary disbursements made by
him, and $3,500 per annum as salary, there
shall be appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a suffi-
cient sum, not exceeding $4,513 40, to pay
said Clark such amount as may be justly due
him for services and disbursements in said office
for the year ending June 30, 1864.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I reserve my right to
make my point of order on that until the report
nQC2 hoovl vfloii
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the report be read, I am sure it will satisfy the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. There does not seem to
be any report with the papers.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. The
facts of this case are simply these. This Mr.
Clark performed the duties of his office of col-
lector of internal revenue for the fourth dis-
trict of California; but when he came to settle
with the Government, after having performed
those duties for a little more than a year, the
expenses he had been put to and what he had
paid out for services and for the necessary rent
of his office amounted to a little more than one
thousand dollars above his salary. We have
since then passed an act leaving it discretionary
in such special cases with the Secretary of the
Treasury to make such allowances. This col-
lector performed the duties of his office and
actually paid out $1,000 over and above what
he received. What we propose to do is to re-
fund that, and to allow him the usual salary he
would have received for his services. It has
the recommendation of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. That is all we do. At that
time it was not left to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury to make these
allowances as it is now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to inquire whether
this individual did not receive the same salary
as other collectors received at that time?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. He
received the same salary as others did at that
time. But this was before the law made it dis-
cretionary with the Secretary of the Treasury
to make special allowances under special cir-
cumstances; and as the facts show that the
collector performed a large amount of service,
and collected large sums, and was actually out
of pocket $1,000, besides giving all his time,
the Senate saw fit to pass this bill; and the
Committeeof Claims of this House, after look-
ing into the facts of the ease, considered that
it was a claim to which no one ought to object.
We must either agree to the Senate bill, or say
that the collector must perform these duties
for more than a year without fees, and pay
over one thousand dollars to have the privilege
of performing them. The committee thought
that this was unjust, and agreed with the Sen-
ate that it was right to make this appropriation
to relieve him.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. aldus iiat1ibun.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts; from
the same committee, also reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 1721} forthe relief of J. Alden Rath-
bun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge, Connec-
ticut.
The bill was read. It directs that there be
paid to J. Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mys-
tic Bridge, Connecticut, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $375, the amount of' postage-stamps
deposited for safety in the First National Bank
of Mystic Bridge, and stolen therefrom by bur-
glars on the night of July 29, 1867, without
fault or negligence on the part of the said post-
master, and which he has accounted for to the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eliphalet brown, jr.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on the memorial and petition of Bliphalet
Brown, jr., an artist in the Japan expedition
under Commodore Perry; and the same were
laid on the table.
robert biugham.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(II. R. No. 1115) for the relief of Robert Brig-
ham, late postmastcjr at Franklin, Pennsylvania.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to award
and allow to Robert Brigham, late postmaster
at Franklin, Pennsylvania, a credit forthe sum
of $2,666 93, public money deposited in the
Venango National Bank of Franklin, late a
United States designated depository, and lost
by the failure of said bank, without the fault or
neglect of said officer.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I must
say that I cannot see any reason for passing
that bill. The officer deposited his money in
the bank without any authority of law, and so
far as appears, without any express or implied
obligation on the part of the Government to
be responsible if any loss should occur. I do
not see why the Government should be more
responsible for the loss incurred by this officer
than it would be for the loss of any other citizen
who had been induced to deposit money in that
bank. I am willing to do anything at all that
is right to relieve a public officer, but really it
seems to me that what is here proposed is going
beyond anything that has yet been done.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
recognize the fact that it is the privilege of
any member of the House to object to any-
thing which the committee may deem expedi-
ent. But I do not think there are many mem-
bers who will take the ground in reference to
this case which has been taken by the gentle-
man from Ohio. I have already stated the
course which the Committee of Claims have
decided to take in regard to all such cases as
this. It is simply this: that if we were satisfied
that the officer did the best he possibly could
with the public funds in his possession, and
if a loss occurred through no fault on his pari,
we have been disposed to relieve him.
Now, what are the facts in this case? Here
is a bank in the town where the post office is
situated. It is a Government depository, and
the public officers in that neighborhood a.re
