1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?4S
Laws of the Uivite'd Slates.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
No. 99.—A Resolution authorizing the First
National Bank of Fort Smith, Arkansas, to
change its Location and Name.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever the stock-
holders, I'epresenting three fourths of the cap-
ital stock of the First National Bank of Fort
Smith, Arkansas, shall elect to remove the
said bank to the city of Camden, in the county
of Ouachita, in said State, and the president
and cashier shall execute a certificate under
the corporate seal of. the bank specifying such
determination, and shall cause the same to be
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of
the Ctirrency, thereupon such change of loca-
tion shall become effectual and valid.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That
when such change of location shall have been
made as above provided, the name of said bank
shall be changed to the First National Bank of
Camden, Arkansas, and all debts, demands,
liabilities, rights, and powers belonging to
said First National Bank of Fort Smith shall
devolve upon and inure to the First National
Bank of Camden, and all actions pending by
or against said First National Bank of Fort
Smith may be prosecuted by or against said
First National Bank of Camden in the same
manner and with the same effect as if such
change of location and name had not been
made.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That as
soon as such change of name and location
shall have been made, public notice thereof
shall be given by publication in a weekly news-
paper in both said city of l?ort Smith andsaid
city of Camden for four successive weeks.
Appp.oved, July 1, 1870.
No. 100.—A Resolution to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the Name
of the Steam Yacht " Fanny."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to
change the name of the steam yacht " Branny,''
owned by Charles H. Mallory, ot Mystic, Con'
necticut, as appers [appears] by permanent
enrollment number twenty-two, issued at Ston-
ington, Connecticut, May twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, to that of
" W. M. Tweed," and to grant said vessel an
enrollment and license in said name, the said
vessel being a pleasure yacht only, and not
engaged in commercial or other business.
Appkoved, July 1, 1870.
No. 101.—Joint Resolution granting four
pieces of Condemned Cannon to the City
of Lowell, for the Ornamentation of the
Soldiers' Monument in that place.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congres's assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to deliver to the authorities ot the city ot Low-
ell, Massachusetts, four pieces of condemned
cannon, to be used in the ornamentation ot
the monument in said city, erected to the mem-
ory of the soldiers who first fell in the war ot
the rebellion.
Appkoved, July 7, 1870.
No. 102.—Joint Resolution amendatory of
" Joint Resolution for the Relief of certain
Officers of the Army," approved July
twenty-six, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it resolved bythe SenateandHonseof'Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That joint resolution enti-
tled Joint resolution for the relief ot certain
oflicers of the Army," approved July hveuty-
six, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, shall be
so construed and amended that in all eases
arising under the same, the person to whom
the commission shall have issued shall be con-
sidered as commissioned to the grade named
thgrein from the date when the commission was
issued by competent authority, and entitled
to all pay and emoluments as if actually mus-
tered at that date: Provided, That, at the time
of the issuing of the same, he was performing
the duties of the grade to which he was com-
missioned, or from such time after the issuing
of his commission as he may have actually
entered upon such duties.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That per-
sons held as prisoners of war by the enemy,
or who may have been in hospital by reason
of wounds or disability at the t.ime of the
issuing of their commissions, shall be entitled
to the same pay, emoluments, and benefits
under this resolution as if actually performing
the duties of the grade to which they were
commissioned.
Seo. 3. And be it further resolved, That this
resolution shall not be construed to apply to
eases in which, under the laws and Army regu-
lations existing at the time, there could have
been no lawful muster into service even after
the actual receipt of the commission.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
No. 103.—Joint Resolution making an Appro-
priation to pay the Government of Great
Britain and Ireland in accordance with the
Award of the Commissioners appointed un
der the Treaty of July first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, to settle the Claims
of the Hudson's Bay Company and of the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company.
"Whereas, by the award made on the tenth
day of September, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, by the commissioners under the treaty
of July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
between her Britannic Majesty and the United
States of America, it was determined that, in
full satisfaction of all the possessory rights and
claims of the Hudson's Bay Company and of
the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, there
should be paid by the Government of the
United States to the Government of Great
Britain and Ireland the sum of six_ hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in gold coin, in two
annual installments, the first to be paid within
twelve months after and the second within
twenty-four months after the date of the said
award: Therefore,
Beitresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of three
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars in
gold coin be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated for the payment of [to] the Govern-
ment of Great Britain and Ireland of the sum
by the said award determined to be due on
the tenth day of September next, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Appkoved, July 11, 1870.
be construed to pass any title iii the said
grounds, but that the ownership and control
of the said grounds shall remain entirely in
the United States, and shall be subject to such
changes and uses for military purposes as the
Secretary of War may direct.
Appkoved, July 11, 1870.
No. 105. — Joint Resolution concerning Arsenal
Grounds at Saint Louis, Missouri.
Beitresolvedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the acts of twenty-
eighth J uly, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and third March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, in relation to the sale of Saint Louis
arsenal, be, and are hereby, so far amended
that the portion of ground to be granted for
the erection of a monument in memory of the
late Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, shall
embrace all the ground lying between Caron-
dolet avenue and Fourth street, as laid down
on the plat of the ground now in the ordnance
ofliee; that all the ground and buildings
thereon lying between Second street and tho
river to be reserved for such use as the inter-
est of the Army may require; and that the
remainder of the ground, lying between Second
and Fourth streets, be sold at public auction,
in the manner prescribed by the above-cited
act of twenty-eighth July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, and the proceeds of the sale
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States: Provided, That the corporate author-
ities of the city of Saint Louis shall have the
privilege of purchasing said ground at an ap-
praised value before the sale; the appraise-
ment to be made by two persons to be selected
by the Secretary of War and two by the cor-
porate authorities; the four appraisers to select
an umpire in case of disagreement, but the
result to be subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
No. 106.—Joint Resolution in relation to
Enlistments into the Marine Corps, and for
other purposes.
Beitresolvedby the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
first day of July, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, the enlistments into the
Marine corps shall be for a period of not less
than five years; and that all payments of an
increase of pay on account ot reenlistments,
under the act of August four, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, heretofore made on a basis ot
four years' enlistments in said Marine corps,
shall be credited to the disbursing officer.
Approved, July 31, 1870.
No. 104.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Improvement of the Grounds owned by the
United States in the City of Buffalo, New
York, known as Fort Porter.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That permission be, and
is hereby, granted to the city ot Buffalo, m
the State of New York, through its park com
missioners, to improve and beautify the grounds
known as Fort Porter, situated in said city
and belonging to the United States, in con
nection with a public park to be laid out on
land adjoining the said grounds, the plans tor
the same to be approved by the Secretary ol
War: Provided, That this resolution shall not
No. 108.—A Resolution authorizingthe Nom-
ination and Appointment of Lieutenants
Charles Ii. Pendleton and Richard P. Leary
as Lieutenant Commanders on the Active
List of the Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate and,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint Lieutenants Charles H.
Pendleton and Richard P. Leary as lieutenant
commanders on the active list of the Navy.
Apfkovrd, July 12, 1870.
No. 109.—A Resolution to determine the con-
struction of an Act to provide Internal Rev-
enue to support the Government, and for
other purposes, approved June 30, 1801.
Resolved by the Senate andHouseof Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales oj America in
Congi ess assembled, That the act entitled ''An
