1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4591
authorized and directed to deposit their funds
in this national depository. It is no mere
private banking-house, but is a national depos-
itory, and recognized by the Government as
sueh. This public officer has a sura of nearly
three thousand dollars of public funds in his
hands. He addresses a letter to the Postmas-
ter General desiring to know what he shall do
with those funds, and suggests to him that,
owing to the unsettled condition of the coun-
try, he does not wish to risk those funds by
keeping them in his possession. (It is under-
stood by every member of the House that the
Government furnishes no secure or safe place
for its officers to place their funds in.) The
Postmaster General replied to this man that
lie could deposit these funds in this bank, but
that the law was such that it would not charge
the Government with nor relieve him from the
risk. But he counseled him that the bank was
the safest possible place for him to keep the
money in. This postmaster placed these funds
in the bank, not as an individual, but as a post-
masterof the United States, andthe funds were
entered to his credit as such officer.
Under these circumstances the bank failed.
The simple question now is whether, having
done the best he could, in accordance with the
suggestion of the Postmaster General, this
officer shall be held responsible for what was
no fault of his? Had these funds been keptin
his own office, and been stolen while so kept
there, the Committee of Claims would never
have reported a bill for his relief, because they
■would have argued that had he placed the
funds in the bank there, which was a Govern-
ment depository, the probabilities would have
been that they would not have been stolen.
But having done as he did, the committee, in
accordance with a rule which has been invari-
ably acted upon by this House in similar cases,
have felt constrained to report a bill for his
relief.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will not the assets of
the bank pay him?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
Government took all the assets of the bank, so
that there is nothing left for this.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Where is the letter of
the Postmaster General to which the gentle-
man refers?
Mr. WASHBURN", of Massachusetts. It is
among the papers in the case.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would like to hear
f nn f Ipffpr fAQf]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I have
stated all the facts in the case. The Postmaster
General did not relieve this man from responsi-
bility, because he was not authorized by the
law to do so. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
-main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
aad read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING Off REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the reports in writing accompany-
ing the bills and joint resolutions which have
already been made to-day, and which may
hereafter be made to-day from the Committee
of Claims, be printed for the use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
L. A. 1UI031BERG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of L. A. Rhomberg,
of Dubuque, Iowa, for relief; and th« same
was laid on the table.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM EDDY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported a bill (H.
Ii._ No. 2241) for the relief of the heirs of
William Eddy; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to reissue to the heirs and
legal representatives of William Eddy, United
States securities equal in value to a coupon
bond, No. 2697, of the denomination of $1,000,
fourth series, under the act of February 25,
1862, issued to William Eddy, or bearer, De-
cember 18, 1863, and bearing interest from
November 1,1863, which bond and thecoupons
thereof were destroyed by fire on the 21st of
March, 18G4, while the property of and in the
possession of the said William Eddy.
^Mr. BBNJAMIN. Why does not this bill con-
tain a clause of indemnity to the Government?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Be.
cause the bond was ebtained of the Govern-
ment from the office in this city, and it went
directly to the individual in whose possession
it was destroyed. I do not know that there is
any objection to inserting an indemnity clause.
Air. BENJAMIN. I think there should be
such a provision in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
Committee of Claims will not object to the
usual clause of indemnity.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I move to insert a pro-
viso, that a bond of indemnity satisfactory lo
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be executed
to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRKDHRTCIC SMITH.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (II. R. No.
2242) for the relief of Frederick Smith ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to reissue and deliver to
Frederick Smith, Government securities equal
in value to a certain five-twenty bond of the
United States, No. 226801, for $i'00, dated July
1, 1867, with coupons unmatured and unpaid,
at the time of its mutilation and destruction,
October 1, 1869, the property of said Frederick
Smith, and unredeemed by the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be proper
to insert in this bill the usual provision requir-
ing a bond indemnifying the Government?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes; that should bo
inserted.
Mr. MA.YNARD. I move that amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
this case the amount is only $100; and parts
of the bond destroyed, sufficient to identify it,
have been produced. Hence it does not seem
necessary that the party should be put to the
trouble of filing an indemnity bond.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
lo reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES R yOUN'O.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported a bill (II.
R. No. 2213) for the relief of James R. Young;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
allow and credit to James R. Young, late post-
master at Lisbon, New Hampshire, the sum of
§309 84, for that amount of postage-stamps
stolen from the safe in his office by burglars
on the night of May 15,1869, without any fault
or neglect on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
URIAS KEN DIG.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
upon the memorial of Urias Kendig, of Vir-
ginia, praying for compensation for property
taken by United States troops; which was laid
on the table.
BRAZIL MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported a bill (H.
Ii. No. 2244) for the relief of the Brazil Mail
Steamship Company; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to refund to the United States and
Brazil Steamship Company, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
all sums heretofore collected at the custom-
house in New York, by way of tonnage taxes
on vessels of the company employed in the
mail service between the United States and
Brazil under the provisions of the act of May 28,
1864, entitled "An act to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween theUnited States and Brazil," notwith-
standing such sums were paid without due legal
protest and appeal. But evidence to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Treasury is to
be produced showing that at the time the taxes
were imposed the vessels were specially ex-
empted in Brazil from similar exactions to
which other vessels were liable in the ports of
that country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
order to avoid the reading of the report in
this case, which is rather long, I will make an
explanation. This measure of relief is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury aad
the Postmaster General. The act of May 28,
1864, lo which reference is made in the bill,
provided that if the Brazilian Government
should relieve the company from these taxes
or duties the company should not be subjected
to them in this country. During the first year
or two the company were not able to furnish
evidence satisfactory to the officers of our
Government that they had been relieved by
theBrazilian Government, and hence they paid
the money under a verbal protest, supposing
that the act passed by Congress provided that
they should be free from this taxation. After-
ward satisfactory evidence was furnished to the
Secretary of the Treasury that the exemption
referred to had been granted by the Brazilian
Government; but as the protest of the com-
pany had not been in writing, he did not feel
authorized, under the law, to relieve them. As
the difficulty in the case is a merely technical
one, and as the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Postmaster General both recommend the
passage of this bill, and as it simply carries
out the plain intention of the act of 1864, the
committee recommend its passage.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. What is the amount?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. _ I
think about three thousand dollars—-something
like that.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
