1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
I submitted to this House upon the late Geor-
gia bill to observe that I could not trace any
analogy between a Territory about for the first
time to be admitted as a State and a State
already in the Union. I do not understand,
and I do not suppose the gentleman desires
me to understand that a Territory ever elects
United States Senators. When a State exer-
cises that power she is a State. And when we
ask for conditions upon the admission of a
Territory as a State, that she shall not, for
instance, tax the public lands  
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman pardon
me for one more remark?
Mr. AXTELTj. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. Perhaps I have not made
myself understood as I would wish. I suppose
the gentleman understands that in many eases
United States Senators have been elected be-
fore the Territories were admitted as States,
and that no elections for Senators were after-
ward held, and yet the persons so elected Uni-
ted States Senators have been admitted to their
seats as such.
Air. AXTELL. Undoubtedly they must
have adopted State constitutions and become
States in fact before they could elect United
States Senators. I refer to this simply to prove
that Virginia is a State. She has performed
this act of a State and many others. The
proof is too voluminous and has been too well
stated on this side of the House to require
further debate on my part at this time.
Now, why do we refuse to Virginia her full
State rights, the admission of her members
upon this floor, and that full fellowship and
communion in this Union which belongs to a
sovereign State ? She has complied with all
the requisitions as to a republican form of
government set forth in her constitution. She
has come fully up to all the demands of my
Republican friends. I beg of them, as the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] a
member of their own party, so eloquently
begged of them, that they will not tarnish their
word of honor and bring distrust and discredit
upon this great nation by refusing to grant
admission to Virginia now that she has com-
plied with all the conditions imposed upon her.
It is said that Virginians do not love north-
ern men; that Virginians are not disposed to
elect northern men to office who settle in their
midst. There is some evidence to my mind
elicited by this debate that there are certain
northern men who do not love Virginia. I
confess, for my part-, that I would prefer to
reside in California. Perhaps some other gen-
tleman would prefer to live in Illinois. I do
not know but that it is just as far from me to
a Virginian as it is from a Virginian to me.
[Laughter. ] I do not know that I care partic-
ularly about his love so long as he respects the
flag of my country, so long as he performs his
duties as a citizen, so long as he owns his com-
mon allegiance with myself to the national flag
and the national Constitution. I do not know
that it is any question of love or hate. But I
do know that there is not power enough in this
nation, nor iu the universe of God, to force
any human beingto love another. If we would
win from the people of the South affection, let
us treat them with fairness, nobleness, gentle-
ness, magnanimity. If we desire their love
let us treat them as men and as equals and not
attempt to humiliate them.
It is said that the young men of Virginia
respect and revere the names of Stonewall
Jackson and Robert E. Lee. Sir, I hope they
do; and I am the last man in the world who
would dare to instill into the minds of the
young men of Virginia any feeling of hatred
to the names or memories of their heroes. A
man ought to have broadness of heart sufii-
cient to change his stand-point and realizehow
he would feel if he was a young Virginian.
The time has been when some ignoble, narrow-
minded, illiberal, and senseless men were hurt
to think that the women of Virginia brought
flowers to strew upon the graves of the hus-
band and the brother who had fallen iu the
war. I tell you, men of America, that you
cannot "make treason odious" by any such
spirit; but you are in danger of rendering
loyalty odious by such a system of meanness
and oppression. Who shall determine the
fitness of the men living in a community ex-
cept the members of that community?
We, under this Administration, required of
Virginia the adoption of a certain constitution.
She has adopted it; she has gone through all
the forms and complied with all the require-
ments ; and this Administration, the Adminis-
tration of General Grant, is bound in honor to
see that she is admitted without conditions ;
and if General Grant is the hero that I believe
him to be, he will throw his entire political
weight in the scale to see .that this bill is de-
feated, because it is contrary to the pledges of
his Administration. He and his Administration
will be disgraced if after the compliance of
Virginia with all the requirements that havs
been prescribed, his Administration and his
party shall impose the humiliating conditions
contemplated by this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I have already occupied more
time than I had expected. I desire to say for
myself—I have had no consultation with my
brother Democrats—that I shall most cheer-
fully and heartily support the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I
believe Virginia is entitled to representation ;
that the men she has elected as members of
this House should at once be admitted to seats
upon this floor ; that she should be promptly
restored to her position as a sovereign State
and allowed to control her own domestic affairs
according to her own best judgment. I believe
it to be a principle of this Republic that the
security of property and life within any State
must be left dependent upon the good sense,
the good conduct of the people of the locality,
and their just and equal administration of the
laws. If the people of any section are so foolish
or so wicked that they will not protect property
and life in their midst they must suffer the con-
sequences of bad government. Should the time
arrive when the local laws cannot be enforced by
any State, and the Governor is compelled to call
upon the Federal Government for aid, it will be
right for that Government to afford the neces-
sary assistance. Should the mandates of the
Federal courts be at any time disobeyed, and
marshals be unable to enforce the judicial
authority, then it will be time enough to seek
through the proper channels the intervention
of the Federal Government. But we must, in
the first instance, tiust to the people of the
locality, to their good sense, their love of vir-
tue and good government; we must trust to
that sense of right which is the great and noble
characteristic of American freemen.
Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Crebs.]
Mr. CRFjBS. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to offer any extended remarks 011 the bill under
consideration. In name it purports to be a
bill to admit the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States.
In fact it is a bill to place a sovereign State
under tutelage or bond in regard to the in-
herent rights of her people in the future; a
bill nominally admitting a State to her rights
j under the Constitution of our country, really
! denying to her the very essence that makes up
I and constitutes the condition of sovereignty
: with which, as a people, in the early and better
! days of the Republic we were wont to ascribe
as a constituent element in the being and wel-
fare of a State of the Federal Union. What
by this bill, Mr. Speaker, is proposed by the
committee from which it came? Admit her,
, it is said. True, by the first section of the bill
! you do this;- and if this section was all the bill
j I could vote for it as a necessity, not by such
j vote admitting Virginia is now or ever was out
; of the Union. I denounce such a theory as
1 heterodox; she had no constitutional right to
secede. She attempted it by force; in this
she failed, and I claim that Virginia is to-day,
without any action on the part of Congress, as.
much a State within the Union as she was 011
the day the Constitution of our country was
adopted and our flag first thrown to the breeze
as the insignia of our nationality.
I iiave said if the first section contained all
there was in the bill I could vote for it, because
the majority here require something to be done,
and this section requires nothing but what I
could, with the explanation I have made, cheer-
fully indorse with my vote. But like the cow
(using a homely phrase) which gave a pail of
good milk, then turned and kicked it over,
you add to what was already enough to admit
her, if she really required anything, funda-
mental conditions antagonistic not only to the
sovereignty of a State, but to the personal
freedom of the citizen.
But as I do not wish to occupy but a few
minutes of the time of the House, Mr. Speaker,
I pass over all that part of the bill providing
for the taking of certain oaths by all persons
holding office in said State, both civil and mil-
itary, simply desiring here to fully indorse what
was said by my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth]
in the discussion of this bill on yesterday, that
"we have had enough of oaths, and had better
hereafter follow the biblical injunction and
' swear not at all.' "
Sir, the constitution of Virginia provides cer-
tainly all the oaths that can be necessary; and
it has been further well said by the same gen-
tleman that of late years the only question
raised for a man's capacity for office is, '' Can he
swear?" If we ask has he brains, has he
intelligence to legislate for the people of the
country, the answer is, " No matter as to that;
he can swear." If we ask has he got morality,
honesty, and integrity, as displayed in his social
relations and financial transactions, the answer
again is, " No matter as to that; he can take the
test-oath."
I ask, Mr. Speaker, is it not high time the
requirement of so many oaths unknown to the
Constitution should cease.
But passing from this, let us examine further
the provisions of this most extraordinary bill.
It is proposed that certain provisions that
are now part and parcel of the Constitution of
Virginia, and which were adopted by a ma-
jority of two hundred thousand of her legal
voters, shall never be by her people, in all
time to come, altered, amended or changed.
I do not desire, Mr. Speaker, to discuss the
provisions referred to in the Constitution of
Virginia; they seem to suit her people now,
as is proven by the majority given in their fa-
vor. And if they are suited no outside parties
have a right to complain. Bat I desire to call
the attention of this House and the country to
the powers of the Congress by this portion of
the bill sought to be exercised toward the State
of Virginia and her people, a power seeking
to bind her people in fetters for all time to
come, and which will surely accomplish that
end if admitted that Congress has the power
claimed here, not only so far as the State of
Virginia is concerned, but all the other States
as well.
If we have the power to bind the people of
Virginia so they can never alter, change, or
amend their constitution in the particulars
named in 'the bill under consideration we
have the like power to say to her and to every
other State of the Union, "Your constitution
as it stands to-day shall never be changed : it
matters not what changes in the manners, cus-
toms, or condition of your peoples may take
place your present constitutions must, like the
laws of the Medes and Persians, change not."
How harshly would a doctrine so monstrous
have grated on the ears of our fathers in the
olden times, when Thomas Jefferson, the apostle
of liberty and a noble son of the old Common-
wealth, penning the immortal Declaration of
Independence, declared, " Wehold these truths
to be self-evident;" and as one, "that when-
