1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
ment will accomplish the same result, and will
prevent any shadow of doubt.
Mr. BANKS. 1" rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am just getting to understand this
matter. [Laughter.] I oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have the
floor I believe.
Mr. BANKS. I oppose the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. So do I. I
find that there is a great deal of conflict of
opinion as to the necessity of protection among
our Massachusetts friends. One of them tells
us that they could not live two weeks without
protection ; that they want it because it helps
them. Another one tells us that if they were
only let-alone they would not want it at all;
that it is only because they are taxed upon
other articles which they use in their manufac-
tures that they need it.
Now, 1 wish they would give us a chance
to let lbem_ alone, and we would like a little
reciprocity in that respect, and like to be let
alone too. The rates of duties upon the arti-
cles which they manufacture are higher than
the rates of duties upon any other protected
articles throughout the country. Take, for
example, the case of woolens and cottons;
there is no other great interest which is so
highly protected as these. I think it comes,
therefore, with an ill grace from gentlemen
from Massachusetts to come in here and claim
that they are not in favor of protection. While
we find them favoring high duties upon every-
thing which they manufacture, they want to
strike the duty off or put on the free list every-
thing which enters into their manufactures.
The other day I moved to reduce the duty
on common woolen goods. The duty is pro-
hibitory ; it runs up on the average to nearly
100 per cent, on the common articles. My
motion was rejected, and yet on looking over
the free list I find put upon it a number of
articles which enter into the composition and
manufacture of woolens. Wherever changes
have been made they have been made in the
interest of the manufacturers. Materials which
enter into manufactures have been put upon
the free list, whereas the duties upon the man-
ufactured articles themselves have not been
proportionately lowered. Hence I claim that
the adjustment of this bill has not been fair
to the West; it has not been fair to the con-
sumers.
They tell us to make manufactures out near
our grain-fields. Sir, we cannot do it without
a tariff against New England. They tell us
away up North that we'are going to be com-
pensated by raising all the wool used in their
manufactures. We cannot do it profitably
because there is a tariff against us. _ Each
particular section of the country has its own
particular branch of business, and it must stand
or fall by its own particular advantage, it will
not do to tell us that wo must have protection
enough upon any business that a man desires
to enter into to make it succeed. Why, sir,
you might go into the business of raising ba-
nanas, if you had a protection of 1,000 per
cent. Why does not some enterprising man
go into that business and claim protection
enough to enable him to erect a greenhouse?
I notice by a circular that has been sent to
me, and which I suppose each member here
has received, that some man in Vermont wants
protection on some sort of clay. He has a clay
bank on his farm, and for fear that some Cana-
dian may have another clay bank of the same
kind, he wants a tariff to protect his mud.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if the
remarks of the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilson] have any application to coir yarns?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not
in order under the rule.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I was merely
illustrating the policy of this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. And besides, the gen-
tleman's time has expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is a good
point against me, I admit.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague for the purpose of say-
ing a word or two further upon this subject.
If the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wil-
son] cannot understand the New England
people, as he says, he has the consolation of
knowing that many other people have had as
much difficulty in comprehending them as lie
has. The New England character has long been
a puzzle to many people, and probably will be
for a long time to come, and the less people
know of other things the less they are able to
comprehend them; but I hope in time he will
know and like us better. I wish to have this
coir yarn stricken out on the ground that it is
essentially a raw material upon which the duty
is largely increased instead of being reduced,
as it should be, while the tax on the manu-
factured article is reduced instead of being
increased, as with most articles in this bill. It
comes in competition with nothing that is pro-
duced in this country, and it is essential to the
manufacture of which I have spoken.
I will now read the statistics of this manu-
facture, which have been handed to me by
my colleague from the Worcester district, [Mr.
Hoar,] and they will show what was the extent
of this industry in 1865. I would say in that
connection that since 1865 it has nearly if not
quite doubled. The rattan used in the manu-
facture of chairs, mattings, and other articles
of furniture amounted in that year to $220,775
in value. There were used 1,250,000 pounds
of prepared rattan. There were manufactured
30,000 yards of matting. The various manu-
factures were valued at $357,000. The cap-
ital invested was $175,000, and employment
was then given to 300 men and women. I
have no doubt that since that time the business
in all these respects has nearly if not quite
doubled.
The creator of this new branch of industry
states that this coir yarn, which he regards as
a raw material, is not prepared by the industry
of civilized people, and that it is absolutely
necessary to the development of this industry
in which he is engaged. The duty upon the
article is now 10 per cent., and the Committee
of Ways and Means proposed to increase it to
•10 per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, no.
Mr. BANKS. Yes; the duty now is 1}
cents per pound, and the duty proposed by
this bill is cents per pound, making the
difference between 10 per cent, under the
present tariff and 10 per cent, under the pro-
posed tariff.
Now I think the gentlemen of the Committee
of Ways and Means cannot claim that there is
any good reason for this excessive increase of
duty, especially where it affects an article indis-
pensably necessary to a productive and honor-
able industry of this character, and if they will
not consent that this article of eoir yarn shall
he stricken out of this paragraph, and hereafter
placed on the free list, I hope that they will be
willing at least to let the duty rrmain as at
present, at 10 per cent. Coir yarn is worth
about 8 cents per pound and now pays a duty
of 1J cents, and if the modification proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means shall be
agreed to the duty will be made equal to
cents per pound; an increase of 30 per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
to move now simply to strike out, and then he
can afterward lest the question of putting coir
on the free list. If he should fail in getting it
on the free list, it will leave it at least as it ia
now under the present law.
Mr. BANKS. Very well. I will ask that
the question bo taken upon striking out the
word ''coir."
Mr. SCHENCK.^ Allow me to say that the
present duty on coir is $15 per ton, or about
three fourths of a cent per pound. ' The duty on
coir yarn is 1$ cents per pound.
Mr. BANKS. It is in this form it interferes
with the manufacture of which I speak, I hope:
the committee will adopt the motion to strike
out, and then we can determine hereafter what
disposition shall be made of the matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] and that of his
colleague [Mr. Brooks] are equivalent.
Mr. BANKS. They are substantially equiv-
alent.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts; I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I am in-
clined to think it would be well to strike this
out. I understand from the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
that in the town of Wakefield, which has ac-
cepted the name of its distinguished benefactor,
30,000 yards of this carpeting or matting are
made every year, and that the town has sev-
eral thousand inhabitants. Allowing 30 yards
of this matting to each of the thousand families
in the town, they will absorb the entire man-
ufacture. I am certainly willing—and I be-
lieve that on this point I speak the sentiment
of the whole West—that these people shall
manufacture, as the squaws do in our section
of country, this article for their own little
cabins, free of duty on anything that enters
into this product of their industry. For myself,
I am perfectly willing that the material they
need shall go on the free list.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the committee will
assent to the gentleman's proposition. It is
the most generous proposition I ever knew to
come from the West. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Ihe coir stands in the
tariff at $10 a ton, and I suggest whether the
yarn ought to be placed on the free list.
The amendment of Mr, Banks was agreed to.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move the following
amendment for the purpose of perfecting the
paragraph:
Striko out the words, " On yarns single, of flax or
heiup, orot the tow of flax or hemp, or el' jute, coir,
grass, or fiber," and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
inp;: " On yarns sinsrle, of linoflax, homp, or juto, 40
per cent, ad valorem; of the tow of flax, houip, or
jute, or of grass or fihor, 30 pore out. ad valorem."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 27, noes 38; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Twichell and Mr.
Ferriss.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. No quorum havingvoted,
I suppose the committee has really no author-
ity, unless by unanimous consent, to do any-
thing else than call the roll and report the
absentees to the House. But I ask unanimous
consent that the committee rise.
There was no objection.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Loughridge having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, according to order of the House, had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H, E. No.
1008) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
redemption of hicketi coin.
Mr. BUPPINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 249)
to provide for the redemption of nickel coin;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, to-morrow will
be Gopd Friday, and I therefore move that
when we adjourn to-night we adjourn to meet
on Monday nest.
