1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5535
eluded, and bills and joint resolutions and
Senate resolutions are still in order.
Mr. SCOTT. Do I understand the Senator
from Kansas to object?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He states that
he does object.
Mr. POMEROY. For the present, in order
to see if the chairman of the committee will
come in.
CONGRESSIONAL GL0B13.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a jointresolution (S. R. No. 249)
in relation to the purchase of sets of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix.
The joint resolution was read the first time.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to purchase from the publishers of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, for each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate in the
Forty-First Congress who has not heretofore
received them, one complete set of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, at a price per
volume not exceeding the price per volume
paid for the sets of the same work which were
supplied to the new members of the Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Congresses. It also pro-
poses to appropriate a sum sufficient to pay for
the same 5 the accounts for which are to be
certified by the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House, or their attorneys, accord-
ing to the purchases made by them, respect-
ively, for the members of the Senate and the
House, and paid by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department.
Mr. STEWART. I shall object to purchas-
ing any of those until the set of 1867 is cor-
rected. I do not want to buy any more of
those, because the leaves are very badly mis-
placed. I would not buy any more Globes to
have a mutilated set.
The VICEt PRESIDENT. The resolution
is reported without recommendation, aud will
be placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1062) to establish a circuit court of the
United States at Montgomery, in the State of
Alabama, and to take away the circuit court
jurisdiction from the district court of the mid-
dle district of said State; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 10G3) for the relief of John Dawson;
which was read twice by its title referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1064) for the restoration of Major James Bel-
ger to his office and rank; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 250) fixing the terminus of
the Shenandoah Valley railroad ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT KANSAS CI TV.
Mr. SCHURZ, I now move to take up
House bill No. 2160.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar of
special orders is before the Senate, the morn-
ing business being concluded j and the Senator
from Missouri moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of considering the bill
indicated by him.
Before putting the motion, the Chair desires
to state to the Senate that he will retire from
the duties of this position at the close of this
day's session, so that at the opening of to-
morrow's session the Senate can elect a Pres-
ident pro tempore to serve during the recess.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2169) to establish
a port of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri.
It proposes to constitute the city of Kansas,
in the State of Missouri, a port of delivery,
anfiexed to and made a part of the collection
district of New Orleans, and to be subject to
the same regulations and restrictions as other
ports of delivery in the United States; and all
the privileges and facilities afforded by the act
of Congress of the 2d March, 1831, entitled
4'' An act allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez to be secured and paid at those
places " are to be extended to that port. A
surveyor of customs is to be appointed to re-
side at the poit and perform the duties pre-
scribed by law, who i3 to receive the same
compensation now provided or which may
hereafter be provided by law for surveyors of
the same grade.
The bill Was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
i\E1V ORLEANS AND YICKSBURG UAILROAD.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 804. 1 am sure there will be
no objection to it. The bill has passed the
Senate once before, and will take but a few
moments to read it, and I know there will be
no objection to it when it is read.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 804) in aid of the
New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg
railroad.
The Committee on Public Lands report the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That for tlie purpose of aiding in the construction
of a railroad from the city of New Orleans, in the
State of Louisiana, northwestward, on the most eli-
gible route to be selected by said coinpanj". to the city
of Baton Rouge, in said State, thence northwestward
in the direction of Alexandria and Natchitoches to
the Texan line east ot Alaishali, Texas, there is
hereby granted to the New Orleans, Baton llouge,
and Vicksburg ILaiiroad Company, a corporation
organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Louis-
iana, for the purpose of constructing a railroad, the
right of way through the public lands of the United
States of the width of one hundred feet on each side
of said road, and all necessary grounds for stations,
depots,shops, buildings,side-tracks, turn-tables, aud
water-stations, not exceeding forty acres at any place;
and also the right to take from public lands adjacent
to the line of said railroad timber, stone, water, and
other materials necessary for thcconstruction thereof;
and also each alternate section of the said public
lands nearest to the said road and within the lim its
often alternatesectionsin width on each side thereof
designated by odd numbers to the amount of five
such alternate sections on each side thereof per mile,
which shall not have been reserved or disposed of by
the United States, and to which homestead or pre-
emption rights shall not have been attached at the
time the line of the road shall be fixed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when the
president of said company shall notify the President
of the United States uader oath that ten miles of the
said railroad have been completed, the President of
the United States shall appoint three commissioners
to examine the same, and if the commissioners shall
report that ten-miles of said railroad have been
completed, and are furnished with the rolling stock
and necessary equipments, the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause the 1 ands herein before granted,
in respect of the said ten miles, to be surveyed, des-
ignated, and set apart for the benefit of said com-
pany.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That when the
said eompany shall file with the Secretary of the
Interior their resolution, duly certified under their
seal, accepting the grants hereinbefore made on the
terms and conditions hereinafter specified, and shall
albo file with the said Secretary their duly certified
plat of the line of the said road as surveyed and
established by them, the said Secretary shall desig-
nate th£ lands so conditionally granted, and cause
such designation to bo entered on the plats of the
proper land offices, and thereafter the land? so desig-
nated shall besubjeet to sale only in accordance with
the provisions of this act.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted. That the lands
granted by this act, excepting such as are necessary
for the company to reserve for depots, stations,
side-tracks, wood-yards, standing-ground, andother
needful uses in operating the road, and excepting
mineral lands and timber lands not fit for cultiva-
tion after the timber thereon is removed, shall be
sold to actual settlers only, in quantities not exceed-
ing one quarter section to any one person, under
such regulations and restrictions as m^y be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, at such
prices as will secure to said company, its successors or
assigns, as aforesaid, an average price of not more
than $2 50 per acre for the land actually certi-
fied for each completed section of ten miles of said
railroad ; and to insure an enforcement of this sec-
tion it shall be the duty of the company receiving
the certificates from the Secretary of the Interior as
aforesaid, for the lands granted in aid of the con-
struction of the first section of ten miles of said rail-
road, and within one year thereafter to fix a price
on each one hundred and sixty acre tract described
in said certificates, in such manner and atsuch rates
that the average price of the whole amount certi-
fied shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and report the
same to the Secretary of the Interior, exposing a
copy of such report to the public in the office of the
secretary of such company; and any person desiring
to actually settle upon and improve said land, or
any Government subdivision thereof, shall have the
right to purchase, at the price so fixed, any unsold
parcel of said land upon payment of said price; and
on payment thereof it shall bo the duty of the sec-
retary of such company to make out duplicate cer-
tificates of the sale, under the seal of the company,
send one to the Secretary of the Interior and deliver
the other to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to issue to such pur-
chaser a patent for the land described in his certifi-
cate as in cases of land sold by the United States.
And the same form of proceeding shall be observed
with respect to the land certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding completed section
of ten miles of the main line of said railroad; Pro-
vided, That no certificate of lands to such company
on any completed section after the first shall be
made by the Secretary of the Interior until he shall
have received a report, as aforesaid, of the price
fixed on the land, certified for the next preceding
completed section of said railroad or branch thereof:
Andprovided further, That the sections of land which
shall remain to the United States within the limits
of this grant shall, except when located under the
homestead act, be sold at $2 50 per acre, to actual
settlers only, and in quantities not greater than one
hundred and sixty acres to any one person, under
such regulations and restrictions as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 5. And be %t further enacted, That the said
eompany shall file with theSecretaryof the Interior
its assent to this act within one year from the date of
its passage, and the foregoing grant is upon condition
that said company shall complete a section of one
hundred or more miles of said railroad within one
year from its passage, and forty miles each year
thereafter until the whole shall be completed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said
company is hereby authorized and empowered to con-
struct, build, and maintain bridges over and across
the navigable waters of the United States through
• the State of Louisiana, (except the Mississippi river,)
on the route of its said railroad, for the use oi
said eompany, for the passage of its engines, cars and
trains of cars, passengers, mails, and merchandise
thereon; and when the said railroad and its bridges
aforesaid shall be constructed and in use in accord-
ance with acts of the General Assembly of theState^of
Louisiana relative to the said railroad of said com-
pany andshall have been approvedby the Secretary
of War, the said railroad and its bridges aforesaid
shall he deemed, recognized, and known as lawful
structure and a post road, and arehereby declared as
such.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the said
New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and VicksburgB-ailroad
Company shall at all times, and by preference, trans-
port the mails, troops, munitions of war, supplies,
and public stores upon said railroad for the Govern-
ment, whenever requested to do so by any depart-
ment thereof, at fair and reasonable rates of com-
pensation.
Ssc. 8. Andbe it farther enacted, That this act shall
take effect from and after its psssage, and all laws
or parts of laws conflicting herewith are hereby
repealed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line twenty-seven, at
the end of the first section; it is authorized
by the committee:
But in ease it shall appear that the United States
have, when thelineorrouteof saidroad isdefinitely
fixed, sold, granted, or reserved, any sections or parts
thereof granted as aforesaid, or that the right of
homestead or preemption has attached to the same,
other lands shall be selected by said company in lieu
thereof, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, lying within ten miles of the line of said
grant.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a provision which
the Senate would not permit to go on to a bill
that related' to an Iowa road. 1 know of no
reason why a preference should be given to a
road in Louisiana over one in Iowa.
Mr. KELLOGG. Twice this week the Sen-
ate, by a call of yeas and nays, have voted this
provision on two different bills. There is but
little public land granted on the line of this
road.
