4592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wallis patee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported a bill (II.
R. No. 2245) for the relief of Wallis Patee;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury are
authorized, in the settlement of the accounts
of Wallis Patee, late first lieutenant of the
seventh Iowa cavalry, and acting assistant
commissary of subsistence at Yancton, Dakota
Territory, to credit and allow him the sum of
$549 45, being the ' money for which he is
accountable, stolen by burglars on the night
of July 2, 1806, without fault or neglect on his
part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william ii. 1iah5ion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (S. No. 665) for the relief of William H.
Harmon, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to remit to William H. Harmon the
internal revenue tax assessed on five hundred
and six gallons of whisky of his manufacture,
the same having been destroyed by fire before
removal from his distillery and before the sale
of the same.
Mr. MAYNAIID. This bill involves a ques-
tion about which there is much contrary opin-
ion. I am not prepared to say that it is not
right. It involves the question of the remis-
sion of the tax on liquors in cases where they
have been destroyed by lire, or otherwise, be-
fore the tax has been paid. Of course this
bill, if it passes, will become a precedent. We
cannot make provision in this special case
without its being extended to other cases.
This is a bill, Mr. Speaker, which was up
during the last Congress. It. passed the Sen-
ate, according to my recollection, and came to
the House, and was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, it fell to my lot to make
an examination of the case, and the committee
decided that it was not proper to make the
allowance, and directed mo so to report, whether
with or without my approval it does not mat-
ter. That was the action of the last Congress.
The bill is one which gentlemen will see at
once will cover all like cases, and, if passed,
will have a wide influence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
think the remarks of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee are perfectly just; but this is a question
which the Committee of Claims have had under
careful consideration. We have had one or
two other cases before us this Congress, and
we did not act on them without taking consid-
erable pains to examine the various arguments
pro and con. Still it is a question for the
House to decide. If they think the action of
the committee is wrong they can reverse it. I
can only say that we passed a similar case and
sent it to the Senate, and the Senate have
passed this bill and sent it to us. On exam-
ination we could not see why it is not just to
relieve parties under these circumstances.
Let me state just what this case is. The
internal revenue officer assessed the tax on this
whisky, and a few days after the tax was as-
sessed She building was burned up, with all the
whisky in it. There was no place in that dis-
trict, or in that section of the State, no bonded
warehouse, where this individual could have
stored this whisky. It will be recollected by
all membersof the Hoiise thatthe law in regard
to the tax on whisky is different from the law
in regard to the tax on ordinary manufactured
articles. In reference to the latter the tax is
paid on the sale of the article; but for the sake
of collecting the tax on whisky more easily, it
is made payable before the sale. In this ease
the tax was assessed on this individual, and in
a few days afterward his property was burned
up, his building and everything else he had.
Well, now, the simple question comes to be,
the property having been burned up, shall this
individual be required to pay his taxes on it?
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
the circumstances, suspended the payment of
the tax, but said he had no authority to remit
it, and that the parly would have to come to
Congress for relief. He stated, however, that
under the circumstances, the property having
been burned just after the assessment, he would
not insist on the tax being paid, but would let
the matter remain until Congress decided the
question.
Now, the committee simply say this: that
under those circumstances, the property hav-
ing been burned, we should not exact the tax
from this individual. But if the House should
decide otherwise, and say thatunderuo circum-
stances will they remit any tax, even where the
property has been destroyed just after the
assessment is made, before the tax is paid, then
we will accept that as a precedent for future
cases of the same kind.
I may say also, although I do not think that
that should affect the question, that the evi-
dence in this particular case shows that this
individual lost his entire property, and he
probably has not enough means to pay this
small tax of from two to three hundred dollars.
There was a little over live hundred gallons of
whisky, and at the present rate the tax would
be $260, or a little more. The sole question
is, the tax being assessed to-day and the
whisky being burned up to-morrow, will the
Government insist on the tax being paid upon
that upon which the manufacturer derived no
benefit.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like the gentle-
man to inform us whether he consulted with
the internal revenue department in regard to
this matter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir; we were in communication about this
matter with the Commissioner, and have vari-
ous letters from his department with reference
to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the facts
in connection with this particular claim pre-
sent a case of considerable hardship, which
no doubt appeals very strongly to the sympa-
thies of the House. But I should prefer that
a question such as is here involved should be
decided on broad grounds, irrespective alto-
gether of feelings or sympathies with regard
to any particular case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
reply to what has just been said by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, 1 will say that I do not
desire the House, on account of any particular
hardship in this case, to establish a precedent
which could not be safely followed in another
case. For I desire to inform the House that
the committee have several other cases under
consideration where the tax has been assessed
one day and the property destroyed perhaps
the next, in which relief is claimed. The
question is one which has engaged the atten-
tion of the committee for a considerable time,
and they have finally come to the conclusion
which I have stated.
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman whether it would not be well to change
this into a general bill, so as to authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to remit |
the taxes in all cases like the one in regard to
which this bill has been reported.
Mr. WASHBUltN, of Massachusetts. There
are but a few cases of that kind, and the Com-
mittee of Claims did not think that the House
was prepared to pass any general bill at the
present time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to me that it
would be very dangerous to pass a bill of this
character. In reply to the chairman of the
Committee of Claims, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Washburn,] I will say
that I can see no difference in principle be-
tween remitting duties assessed in a case where
the property was destroyed the day alter the
assessment and in a case where the property
was destroyed the next year after. It is a
hardship to have the property destroyed, with-
out any reference to the time when the tax was
assessed upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
is not putting the case exactly fairly. The
committee would always hold that if property
was not removed and disposed of within a rea-
sonable time no relief should be granted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot see that that
alters the principle at all. A reasonable time
is a very difficult matter to determine ; every
one would have his own opinion about the
matter. This bill is based on the ground that
it is to remedy a hardship on the party whose
property was destroyed ; that it would be too
hard if he should also lose the tax which is
charged against him on thatproperty, or which
he may have paid on that property. I say that
the question of hardship extends to every
period of time. It makes no difference whether
the property was destroyed one day, one week,
or one year after the tax was assessed, the
principle would be the same. If the Govern-
ment is going to collect its revenue at all, if it
is going to collect at all the taxes which are
assessed against whisky that is manufactured,
it must fix a particular period of time within
which the property shall be liable for the tax.
This bill involves merely a proposition to
extend the time ; nothing more, nothing less.
I apprehend that if we shall pass this bill
we will be flooded with applications for remis-
sion of duties, not only on whisky, but on every
other species of property which is liable to
taxation. I see no reason applying to this case
that would not apply equally to every other
case where property has been destroyed on
which tax has been paid or assessed, without
reference to the time when the property was
destroyed.
The gentleman makes a distinction between
property that has been removed from the place
of manufacture after the tax was assessed on
it and property that has not been so removed.
We all know that in some cases whisky re-
mains in the hands of the manufacturer for a
year or more after it is manufactured. Now,
what period of time shall we determine within
which that property shall be liable for the taxes
assessed on it? Suppose that we now pass a
bill remitting the tax in a case where the prop-
erty was destroyed within five days after the
tax was assessed on it, how will we be able to
resist a claim presented here afterward for re-
mission of taxes in a case where the property
was destroyed within ten days or fifteen days
after the tax was assessed on it? And if within
fifteen days, why not within a month or a year?
If the principle is once established we must
grant a remedy in all these cases.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I apprehend that the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamik] does
not look at this case precisely a3 it is. In
theory the tax may be imposed on the prop-
erty. But merely assessing or ascertaining
how much tax will be due on the property is
not of itself imposing the tax on the property.
If it were, then the Government won id acquire
an interest in the property ; and, the property
being destroyed, the interest of'the Govern-
ment in that property would be destroyed at
the same time. It the tax is assessed against
the individual on account of his possession of
property, and if he should derive no enjoy-
ment whatever from that property, no benefit
whatever from r, there certainly can bo no
justice in requiring him to pay a tax on it.
