3648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. KNOTT. Before we proceed to con- |
sider tho bill by sections, I desire to speak
upon the general question. But if the gentle-
man from Illinois has any general remarks to
submit, it is proper, of course, that he should
take precedence.
Mr. COOIv. I will accept the gentleman's
suggestion, and will now state geuerally what
I wish to say in relation to this matter.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Massachusetts. With
the permission of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] I ask the Clerk to read an amend-
ment which I propose to offer at a suitable
time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That thesum of S10.000 is hereby Appropriated from
the Troasury of tho United States for the repair and
improvement of the pavement of Pennsylvania avo-
nue from the northwest (rate of tho Capitol grounds
tothe crossing of Fifteenth street we«t in tho cityof
Washington, to bo expended under tho direction of .
lirevet Brigadier Gouoral X. Michler, or tho engineer
in charee of t!ie public buildinavsandgrounds: Pro-
vided, The corporation of Washington or the citizens |
thereof shall contribute and pay the liko sum of
$10,000. to bo expended for tho like purpose, under !
tho direction of the sauio officer, within ninety days
from the M.uaec of this art: And provided further.
That the V>' ashing ton and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany shall bo required to repairand improve in liko
manner that portion of the pavement lying between
the tracks of their roail to tho satisfaction and ap-
proval of the said oftioer or engineer in chargo as
aforesaid.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, I wish to oc-
cupy only t few moments in stating the pro-
visions of this bill. As amended it provides
that the Secretary of the Interior, representing
the Government, Brevet Brigadier General N.
Michler, engineer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds, and the mayor of the city
of Washington, or their successors in office,
shall be a commission for the purpose of de-
termining the best kind of pavement to be
used upon Pennsylvania avenue, aud to have i
the avenue paved from the northwest gate of j
the Capitol to the corner of Fifteenth street 1
west. It provides that these officers shall
determine upon the kind of pavement to be used
and shall contract for the paving of the ave- j
nue between the points named on the lowest j
and most favorable terms possible, after giving
notice for twenty days prior to the letting of
the contract in one or more newspapers pub-
lished in the cities of Washington, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, and New York. The bill further
provides that the railroad company shall pave
all the space intervening between lines two feet
outside of each track. In paving between
their rails, where the horses travel, the company
are authorized to use material of their own
selection, it being considered by the committee
that it would be impracticable to operate the
railroad in winter with a smooth pavement, in
consequence of the heavy grades on this line.
The bill provides that the cost of this pave- \
ment shall be borne in the following propor- 1
tions: the Washington and Georgetown Rail- i
road Company is to pay for the portion of the !
work lying between the tracks of their road ,
and for a distance of two feet on each side i
thereof, and the owners of private property abut- I
ting on Pennsylvania avenue are to pay in pro- j
portion to the amount of work in front of their j
lots or parts of iots, from the curb-line twenty- |
two feet out. The committee have instructed j
me to move at the proper time to insert twenty- |
five feet instead of twenty-two. The expense
to be borne by the corporation of Washington
is for paving the intersections of all numeral |
streets, including the sidewalks to the building- j
line, except such portions of the intersections 1
lying between the tracks of the Washington and |
Georgetown Railroad Company, and two^fcet ;
on each side thereof, which will be paid by said
company as hereinbefore provided. The res- i
idue of pavement lying between the part paid j
for by private owners and that paid for by the j
railroad company will be paid for by the Uni- '
ted States Government. That would be, ac-
cording to an estimate which the engineers have
made, about one hundred and sixty thousand
dollars, or something less than one half of the
whole cost of tho work, as I understand.
Now, I am not tenacious myself about these
provisions, and I deem it fair to present the
question to the House whether the Govern-
ment shall aid in paving Pennsylvania avenue.
I am willing that tho House shall decide the
question whether the United States Govern-
ment shall pay anything toward laying down
a new pavement in Pennsylvania avenue. This
Government has twice before paved Pennsyl-
vania avenue. Twice before the Government
of the United States has borne the entire
expense of paving Pennsylvania avenue. I
propose to submit to the House the proposi-
tion whether the Government will aid in any
manner toward paving the streets as is now
proposed, and I am willing to allow any amend-
ment to bo moved which is necessary for that
purpose. This House can then decide whether
we shall pay the amount provided in this bill
as the share of the United States Government
for this paving.
A Member. How much?
Mr. COOK. The share of the United States
is estimated to be about one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, or less than one half of the
cost of the work. It is estimated for the-most
costly kind of pavement; wooden pavement to
be laid down in the best possible manner. I
propose, if the House believe the Government
ought not to pay this proportion, to admit
amendments so that it may be decided whether
or not the Government shall pay for any of
this pavement. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] can
test the sense of the House. The committee
deem it fair and right that the sense of the
House should be tested whether any Govern-
ment aid shall be given or not. The commit-
tee have made this report for the action of the
House, and this is the first time that it has
been brought up for consideration, and with-
out discussing it at any length, I propose to
submit this question.
For myself, I believe the Government ought
to bear as large a proportion as private indi-
viduals of the expense for paving the avenue.
1 understand the Government owns one half
of the taxable property in this city, or nearly
so, and that if the city were authorized to col-
lect taxes from the Government property the
same as is collected on private property this
would be the amount the Government would
have to pay toward the completion of this work.
It is also true, I think, that the Government
has, during some years past, used Pennsylva-
nia avenue, transporting over it supplies and
materials of war in such manner as to do more
injury to the present pavement than has been
done to it by private parties. Perhaps that
imposes an obligation upon the Government
to contribute toward the laying down of a new
pavement. Without arguing the question, how-
ever, I propose to leave that to the action of
the committee.
Mr. WOOD. Do I understand the gentle-
man has no other amendment to offer from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, of
which he is chairman ?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir ; the committee have.
I have other amendments to propose. I shall
move to strike out "twenty-two" and insert
" twenty five" as the number of feet which
private property-holders will be required to
pay for. I shall also offer another amend-
ment by direction of the committee, that the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany shall have the right to select the material
with which the pavement between the rails on
each track shall be made, provided that the
said pavement on said tracks shall be made to
the satisfaction of the commissioners. I think
by an examination of their charter that is their
right.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. SWANN. I understand from the gen-
I tlemau from Illinois that it is proposed to have
| the Government contribute in accordance with
j the amount of property owned by the Govern-
ment oil the line of this avenue; and I under-
stand from him further that the railroad com-
pany shall contribute its proportion, and that
property-holders will also contribute according
to the amount of property owned by them on
the avenue ?
Mr. COOK. That is correct, except in re-
gard to the first proposition. I stated that the
! total value of the Government property in this
city was estimated to be about one half of all
the property in the city. I do not know that
the Government property on the line of the
avenue would be anything like that proportion.
It is true that private property-holders, as
well as the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company, will have to contribute their
proportion, according to tlie property which
they may own along the line of the avenue.
Mr. WELKEll. In addition to what my
colleague on the committee has stated, is it not
proposed that the Government shall pay clear
up to the line of the railroad in front of the
reservations on the avenue?
Mr. KNOTT addressed the committee. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. COOK. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Paine reported
that the Committee of the Whole, having had
under consideration generally the Private Cal-
endar, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 90)
to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue, had come to no resolution thereon.
education in tiib district.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that the bill (H,
R. No. 2066) to provide a uniform system of
education for the public schools of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which was to-day referred
to the Committee of the Whole, upon a point
of order, may be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. COOK. I move that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill just ordered to be printed,
and that it be recommitted to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote recommitting the bill; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reduction of the army.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Logan, Mr. Slocum, and Mr. Negley,
as the committee of conference on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 987) to re-
duce the number of officers of the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
bill for the reduction of the Army be printed
in the form in which it came from the Senate.
It has not been printed in that form.
The SPEAKER. It will be so ordered if
there be no objection.
There was no objection.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House papers in the
case of Henry Tibby.
leave of absence.
Mr. BIGGS obtained leave of absence till
next Tuesday.
Mr. ARMSTRONG obtained leave of ab-
sence till next Monday.
Mr. FERR1SS obtained leave of absence till
next Wednesday.
Mr. MOORE, of Ohio, obtained leave of
absence for two days.
Mr. STEVENS obtained leave of absence
till next Monday.
