2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Lottgh-
EiDGEin the chair.) There being no quorum
present, it is not competent for the House to
adjourn over.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNS-
WORTH, the House (at ten o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Jacob
Fleishal for a pension.
By'Mr. BIRD: A petition from citizens of
Woodbridge, Harlingen, and Three Bridges,
New Jersey, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BOOKER: The petition of W. W.
Yarbrough, of Prince Edward county, Virginia,
for indemnity for property taken for the Gov-
ernment during the rebellion.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of insurance companies of Boston,
praying Congress to authorize the President to
appoint a commission to examine aud determ-
ine the amount of losses sustained by citizens
of the United States from capture and destruc-
tion by the so-called confederate cruisers, and
for such further relief as Congress may deem
just.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of 200 citi-
zens and firms of Syracuse, New York, against
any law imposing an income tax.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: Memorials of
sundry bankers and citizens of the seventh
congressional district, Illinois, asking a modi-
fication of the funding bill.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 130 citi-
zens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, to
adopt measures for amending the Constitution
of the United States, so as to read in substance
asfollows: We, thepeople ofthe United States,
humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the
source of all authority and power in civil gov-
ernment, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler
among the nations, and His revealed will as
of supreme authority, in order to constitute a
Christian Government, &c.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Aaron
B. Cooley, of Pennsylvania, asking for damages
for losses incurred by him while removing
Rock bar, &c., in the James river, by the de-
struction of his machinery, &c., during the
rebellion.
IN SENATE.
Friday, AprillS, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a correction of
the Journal. I observe that the Journal, in
referring to the bill in regard to the Oregon
and California railroad, which I reported yes-
terday from the Committee on Public Lands,
states that I reported it without amendment.
I reported it with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. I ask that that correction of
the Journal be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
bo so corrected.
messagii from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieusox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 75) in relation to the printing for
the use of theDepartmentof'Slate of additional
copies of documents emanating from that De-
partment, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve
C. B. Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, from
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
!l
the United States, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the concurrent resolution of? the
House for printing additional copies of the
report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for the use of the two Houses of
Congress and the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
The message likewise announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of copies of the report of R. W.
Raymond, special commissioner of mining
statistics, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
PRINTING FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. Nq.
75) in relation to the printing for the use of
the Department of State of additional copies
of documents emanating from that Department.
The amendment was to add to the resolution
the following proviso:
Provided, That the expense of the same shall in
no single oaso exceed the sum of $500.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
disagree to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence.
Mr. ANTHONY. The joint resolution is
one allowing certain printing to be done by
order of the Secretary of State, so that wo
need not have the trouble to pass on it every
time. The House of Representatives limits it
to cases under S500. I think we hardly need
put such a limitation on the Secretary of State.
The Department has always been conducted
economically, and there is no danger of unne-
cessary printing being ordered by the Depart-
ment of State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
agree to the amendment, because the printing
in the Government Printing Office is a printing
that draws largely upon the public money and
is in the charge ofthe Committee on Printing
here. It has become known to inc, in the
course of a certain investigation which it was
my duty to make, that there were at one time
some great abuses perpetrated at the Depart-
ment. I do not mean as it is now organized ;
but the present organization will pass away.
We had better keep the law as it is, only mod-
ifying it so far a3 to permit these small matters,
incidental matters of no great expense, to be
printed by the Department without the revis-
ion of our committees. 1 hope, therefore, my
friend from Rhode Island will consent to a
concurrence in the House amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think the Senator from
Vermont does not precisely apprehend the joint
resolution. The joint resolution authorizes Iho
printing of additional copies of communica-
tions made to Congress by the State Depart-
ment when required by the Secretary of State.
The House amendment limits the expense in
such cases to ยง500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is a
proper limit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the amendment
had belter be agreed to, because where an
exception ought to be made our committee
can so report in a proper case.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the House amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Raymond's mining report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives :
Resolved by the House of liepreicntalivcs, (the Sen-
ate eoneurrmg,) Thatthcrebe printed sijtoon thou-
sand copies of the report for 1SS9 of It. W. Ituymond,
special commissioner of mining statistics, on mines
and mining in the States and Territories west ol the
Rocky mountains, ten thousand copies for the usoof
the 1 l ouse, five thousand copies for the use of the
Senate, and one thousand copies for the Treasury
Department, with the cuts illustrating the report:
Provided, That the cost of said cuts shall not exceed
the sum of $600.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
land ofeioe report.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives for printing additional
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for the use of the two
Houses of Congress and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Secretary read the Senate amendment
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
which was to strike out in lines live and six
the words "with the connected map of the
United States."
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
recede from its amendment, and I will explain
it in a moment. There was a debate here
upon printing a large number of maps that
came with the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and which would en-
tall a considerable expense. _ The Committee
on Printing reported against it. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. StewartJ and other west-
ern Senators were desirous that the maps
should be printed. At my suggestion they
consented to bring that matter in as a separate
resolution, which has not yet been introduced,
I believe, and allow this one to pass as it was
reported. The Committee on Printing recom-
mended the printing of the connected map
ofthe United Stales with the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofliee.
That map is already engraved and the expense
of printing it is not large. The Senate voted
that down on the ground that it was an old
map, and if they could not have $75,000 worth
of printing our western lriends thought tlicy
would not have any. This is not an old map ;
that is to say, it is kept up to the present time
continually. Every year there are corrections
made, bringing it down to the present time.
I think the map is a very useful one in con-
nection with the report of the Commissioner
ofthe General Land Office, and asso large
an edition of the report has been printed the
map is necessary to an understanding of it.
1 therefore move that the Senate recede from
its amendment, the effect of which will be to
allow the printing of the connected map of
the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inform the Senator,
if he does not already know, that I introduced
a resolution the other day in reference to the
printing of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office with the maps, and it
was referred to the committee of which he is
chairman. I suppose it has not yet been con-
sidered by the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It was referred during his
abs6t\c6.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we can
settle the question about the printing of that
map this morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should prefer that the
question involved in that resolution should be
considered before this question is determined.
I am not very well advised now as to whether
this map ought to be printed or the maps
referred to in the resolution that I introduced.
I presume the committee would report against
printing all the maps.
Mr. RAMSEY. What was your map ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. My maps were those that
were furnished with the report.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not this connected
map come with the report?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it does.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the map that has
always been printed with the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. An
