1T6D
fa® OOtfGfiESSlONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
individuals, it is alt that the creditors, of the
Government should ask for.
But, say gentlemen, this is repudiation. I
say it is not repudiation. I say that when the
Government settles at the gold value of the
paper it received for these bonds, with inter-
est tipon the gold value of that paper, it is not
repudiation; it is simply an equitable and just ;
adjustment of the indebtedness. It would be
so decreed between individuals in any court,
and what would be just and equitable between
individuals cannot be inequitable between the
Government and its creditors. It seems to me
that it would require some hardness of face to
denounce a proposition of the character which
I make as repudiation by gentlemen who have
voted in so many forms in favor of repudia-
tion. I "wrill bring the attention of gentlemen '
to some of their repudiation. i
The fifth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that-no
person shall "be deprived of life, liberty, or j
property without due process of law; nor shall ■■
private property be taken for public use with- .
out just compensation." Thpre is the Consti- !
tution, there is the obligation "upon every mem-
ber of the Senate and House of Representatives
to make just compensation for private property
taken for public nse. Every member of this !
House has sworn to make that just compensa-
tion, because he has sworn to Support the Con-
stitution. How can any man who votes upon
the question of paying or not paying for pri-
vate property taken for public u£e, preserve
and hold good his oath to support the Consti- :
tution of the United States without voting in j
favor of that just Compensation? I maintain i
that it cannot be done. j
Now, sir, at the beginning of the war we
had in the State of Kentucky two hundred fend j
twenty-five thousand slaves. Congress passed
a law Authorising the gloves Of loyal Owners,
indeed slaves generally, to be enlisted in the
Armband promising the payment of $300 as
bounty money" for each slave of * k>yal owner
that was enlisted in the Array. There Were
enlisted in the Army in the State of -Kentucky
about thirty-five tlionswid Slaves. They werfe
worth upward of ten million dollars. A fund
was raised to pay for the slaves thus enlisted,
bjrtfce commutation money paid in lien of mili-
tary service, and Congress passed 9 lawgiving
to the owners of those slaves a special lien
upon that fund for the payment of this bounty
for tbue slaves of loyal owners enlisted in the
Army*
What has been done by Congress ia the
course of its legislation?? It made a special
appropriation to pay the $300 to each Icjal
owner of a slave that wasenlisted in this Army,
out Of that fund, atid afterward suspended the
operation of that law. That act was repudia-
tion, Snd was repudiation upon a large scale.
Those Slaves that enlisted in the Army were
of the most valuable, and at the beginning of
the war Would have been worth something
likean average of twelve hundred dollars each.
Thethrirty-five t how? an#, at $1,200 each, Would
have been worth $42,000;000:
What power bad the Congress or the Gov-
ernment of "the United States, in the early
stages of the war, to take a toatt's-Blaivei, bis
property, from hitti without making --B jtist
' compensation, in the language ®f the <3aisti-
(tiltiott? „ ^
Was it anytLungbut robbery for Congress k>
psss a law that * laves should' be- taken from
their owners &nd planted in the Army that
were worth from ten to fifteen hundred dol-
lars each, and to obligate itself to pay but
' $800 for tnetn,? Apply that rule toihese bonds.
Apply that rule to the shoddy contracts which
were denounced so eloquently a few days ago
by the honorable Senator from W^st Virginia.
Sir, it cannot be controverted that by the laws
' of the land and the Constitution of the coun-
try a man had the sslrae property «n«i the same
indefeasible right bf,property fn lim'sJaves at
- the time they were taken-in the sflavehblding
Stated that he had to his liorse. All'the courts
of the country had decided it, from the Supreme
Court of the United States down. Then, sir,
if you have a species Of property that is worth
to you $1,500, and your Government, under its
power to take private property for public use,
wrests and forces that property from you, and
compels von to take $300, one fifth of the
value of that property, for it, I ask if it is not
robbery and extortion to the extent of the other
four fifths ? You cannot c'all it anything else ;
it is nothing else ; and yet you have repudiated
even the promise to pay this pittance of $300
each (o the loyal owners of the most valuable
slave property in the States of Kentucky, Mary-
land, and Delaware, which you had solemnly
promised, to pay. 1 will read your promise,
contained in a solemn act of the Congress of
the United States:
• "That all able-bodied male colored persons be-
tween tho ages of twenty and forty-firc years, resi-
dentiatbc United States, shall be onrolled(af Cording
to the provisions of this act and of the act to which
this is an amendment, and form part of theS national
forces 1 and when a slave of a loyal master shall be
drafted anit mustered into the Service of tho United
States his master shall have a certificate thereof, and
thereupon such slave shall be free; and the bounty
of 8100, now payable by law for each drafted man,
-shall b« imid to the person to whom such drafted
person was owing service or labor at the time of his
muster into the servioo of tho United' States. The
Secretary of War shall appointaeommission in eaeh
of the slave States represented ia Congress* charged
to award to eaoh loyal person to whom a colored
volunteer may owe service a just compensation, not
exceeding $300-far oaeh such 001ored volunteer, pay-
able out of the fund derived from commutations;
and every such oolored volunteer on beingmUstered
into the service shall be free."
Some two or three years afterward the Sen-
ate passed a bill appropriating $10,000,000
to pay for these slaves; but you suspended
the execution Of that appropriation law, and
afterward you proposed what was called the
fourteenth article of amendments, and that
repudiation you embodied in that fourteenth
amendment as part of the Constitution of the
United Spates, in th^se words:
"The validity of the public debt of the United
•States authorized by Jaw, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and' bounties for services
in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall pot be
questioned. Neitherthe.UoitedStates nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation'incurred
in aid of insurrection or/robellioo against tho Uni-
ted States, or any claim for the loss or ^m&noip&tion
of any slave; but all such debts^ obligations) and
claims shall be held illegal and void."
Now, sir, I have established that by your
own legislation your debt was acknowledged
by yourselves to the extent of $300 for each
negro soldier enlisted in the'Army to bis loyal
owner, and you afterward repudiated that sol-
emn debt by your legislation;' and riot satis-
fied with that, you embodied in the form of a
proposed amendment to the Constitution $ con-
stitutional repudiation of your own debt, a
debt which you were required to pay by the
Constitution as it previously pti^ted, and by
your oatha to support that Constitution. ,
Mr. President, 1 have^thdught tliat y6u f Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, in the chair]" were an
honest and a conscientious man. I have
always supposed that you, acknowledged the
obligation of the Constitution of the. United
States, which imposes upon thte Government
of the United States the duty of hot 1;akii\g
private property for public USe without just
Compensation. Is not that a debt due from
theGoVertimetit of the United States^ and
'that debt made perfect at the time any private
' property was So takett1? Had the Government
tbe right t  take ■this property arid put its own
value opon it ? That is not the language of
the Constitution* ^The language of'the'Con-
stitution is that private property shall not be
taken for public use without just 'Compensa-
tion. Wbat is just eotapensation ? The Value
of tike property. What is. the VAlue of the
property? That for wlilch it will 4ell. Does
! Congress keep thit obligation of fcfee Consti-
' ttrtioh attd observe-its Oath to support that and
j every1 <Miher pr6vifiiott6f the Constftntidn wheh
j "it directs Iky kMr Blavea that are worth $1,690
I to be taken frota their Owhers for $800, one
fifth of their value? It is a mockery. It is
not a decent salvo for a violated conscience.
To maintain that that is the observance of the
obligation imposed by this clause of the Con-
stitution is trifling with the human judgment
and human conscience.
Congress 011 the 3d of March, 18G5, passed
another law, in the form of a joint resolution,
which I will read :
"That for the purpose of encouraging enlistments
and promoting the efficiency of tho military and
naval forces of the United States it is hereby enacted
that the wife and children, if any he have, of any
person that haB been or may bo mustered into tho
military or naval service of the United States, shall,
from and after the passage of this act, bo forever
free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the
contrary notwithstanding."
Where was the power of Congress to pass
such a law as that? If it passed the law, what
was the condition upou which it should have
been passed and upon which the power should
have been exercised? Certainly by making
just compensation for the property so taken.
Here by your legislation all the wives and chil-
dren of negro soldiers enlisted into the service
you took from their owners, and you enacted
that they should be made free, and this for the
purpose of encouraging enlistments into the
armies of the United States. With what face,
with what conscience, with what justice or
reason could that law be passed except upon
the condition of paying for the wives and chil-
dren thus liberated? Call you riot that repu-
diation? The world will so denominate it.
Human reason will so characterize it. It is
nothing less than repudiation, flagrant repu-
diation.
Sir, tke wives and children,of soldiers in
Kentucky thus liberated amounted to fully one
hundred thousand in the aggregate, and those
one hundred thousand yvere worth fully $50,-
.000,000. I am talking about a subject which
I know. The husbands that you enlisted into
the Army, and for whom you promised to pay
$300 each, were worth $42,000,000, and tneir
wives and children $50,000,000, so that in the
aggregate you took from tne people of Ken-
tucky upward of ninety million dollars of
property for public use; and you not only
have refused to pay for this .vast amount of
property, but,you- have repudiated it by your
enactments, and you have,proposed an amend-
ment to the Constitution repudiating it in sol-
emn form, and you have induced your partisans
throughout the United States to make that
solemn and infamous act of repudiation a part
I of the Constitution 1
' And yet gentlemen here get upand denounce
I as repudiation a proposition to scale the bonds
S that the United States sold at, the gold value
of the paper for which they were sold at , the
time of the sale. Sir* will some gentleman in
the majority here tell me under what clause of
: the Constitution, or by what right or power
Congress takes private property betonging to
any man whatever for public use without mak-
ing just compensation for,it? This is the plain,
simple, explicit,language of the Constitution,
the supreme law of the land., ,
If you went into the States wh,ere there w«re
rebels and proscribed everybody tliat had any
sympathy with the rebellion or the rebels, there
might be some reason in your denying to com-
batant?, men Who were in the rebel army,
compensation for their property; but it is
against the civilization of the age, it is against
i ;evefy principle ofthe Constitution for Congress
j to endeavor to enforce a forfeiture of the right
! ofhon-combatants-^old tiien,women, children,
J orphans—to compensation for their property
taken for public use. even if they did sympa-
thize with the rebellion. ' Where is the clause
of the Constitution that authorizes Congress,
j because an old and decrepit man or an aged
; woman, infirm, idiotic, or lunatic people, or
; those who have some little reason, feel some
Sympathy with their neighbors in a great con-
flict of arms ? Where is ^he language which
i'clotbes CfonjgJrepS'totli po^er to pass laws to
['tike ptfvate property from Such description of
