1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74?
Laios of the United States,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
pliice where such minors may reside: Pro-
vided, That the terms of the foregoing resolu-
tion shall not apply to the Cherokee, Creek,
Choctaw, Chickasaw, or Seminole nations of
Indians, or conflict in any manner with the
pro-visions of the treaties of eighteen hundred
and sixty-six with those nations: Provided
farther, That the provisions of this resolution
shall extend only to Indians serving in the
ninth regiment of Kansas cavalry.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 119. —Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to transfer to Keokuk,
Iowa, Condemned Ordnance for the orna-
mentation of the Soldiers' Cemetery at that
place.
Be it resolved by the Senate and, House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to transfer from the most convenient point to
Keokuk, Iowa, such condemned ordnance as
hs may deem proper, to be used in the orna-
mentation of the soldiers' cemetery at said
citv.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 120. — Joint Resolution relative to the
Stone presented by the Patriots of Rome
te the late President Lincoln.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Bep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the architect of the
Capitol be, and he is hereby, directed to cause
the stone presented to the late President Abra-
ham Lincoln by the patriots of Rometo be
nunKferred to the possession of the Lincoln
Monnmeut Association at Springfield, Illinois,
to he placed by said association in the monu-
ment now being erected to the memory of
Abraham Lincoln.
Approved July 14, 1870.
No. 12S.— Joint Resolution giving Condemned
Ordnance to the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to transfer to the National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, six pieces
of condemned ordnance, to be placed m the
soldiers' cemetery at Milwaukee.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
N0> 129.—Joint Resolution relative to the Pay
of the Capitol Police and Watchmen.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the men discharged
by the reduction of the Capitol police and
watch men force be paid for* the current month
of July, and that the same be paid out ot the
contingent fund ot the Senate and House ot
Representatives in equal proportions.
AmiovED, July 15, 1870.
No. 130.—Joint Resolution granting Con-
demned Cannon for the erection of Sol-
diers' Monuments.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, Thatthe Secretary of War
is hereby authorized and directed to deliver to
the Ladies' Soldiers' Monument Association
of the city of Bridgeport, Connecticut, eight
pieces of condemned iron cannon, to be used in
the erection of a monument on Sea Side Park,
in said city of Bridgeport, to the memory of the
soldiers who fell in the war of the rebellion.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of War be, and he hereby is; directed
to deliver four condemned pieces of iron ord-
nance to each of the following places, viz :
Quincy, Illinois; Morristown, Morris county,
New Jersey; Eastford, Connecticut; Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; Jersey City, New Jersey ; Gar-
diner, Maine ; Heightstown, New Jersey; the
Ladies' Monument Association of Peoria, Illi-
nois ; the National Soldiers' Cemetery, at Graf-
ton, West Virginia; the Franklin County Mon-
umental Association, Chambersburg, Penn-
sylvania ; to be used in the erection of soldiers'
monuments, or in the ornamentation of the
same: Provided, That no expense be incurred
by the Government for the transportation of
the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, Thatthe
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to place at the disposal of the Lincoln
Monument Association, incorporated by act
of Congress, so much damaged and captured
bronze and brass ordnance as may be necessary
out of which to cast the principal figures of
said monument, from time to time as the models
are completed.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 181. — Joint Resolution authorizing the
extension of the supervision of the Capitol
Police over the Botanical Garden.
Be it enacted [resolved] by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, That the
supervision of the Capitol police bo extended
overthe Botanical Garden,and that,untilother-
wise ordered, and especially during the period
employed for rebuilding the fence surrounding
the grounds, additional police force may be
employed, if deemed necessary, the expense
for which shall be defrayed from the contingent
fund of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives : Provided, however, That the additional
number of policemen for this purpose shallnot
exceed three at any time.
. Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 102.—Joint Resolution giving Condemned
Cannon to desorate the Soldiers' Burial
Plot, at White Plains, New York.
Be it enacted [resolved,] by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to donate four condemned cannon and
twenty-eight balls to the " White Plains Vet-
eran Association," to decorate the soldiers'
plot at that place.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No.. 133.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
donation of certain Property of the United
States in the City of Galveston, State of
Texas, to said City.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the buildings, bar-
racks, fences, sheds, cisterns, and so forth,
the property of the United States, in the city
of Galveston, State of Texas, now abandoned
by the United States troops, and ordered to
be sold at public auction, under the direction
of the quartermaster's department, be, and the
same are hereby, donated as hereinafter pro-
vided to said city of Galveston, for the purpose
of aiding the said city in holding agricultural,
mechanical, and horticultural fairs, and in
developing the agricultural and mechanical
resources of said State; or for such other pub-
lic uses as may seem good to the authorities
of said city of Galveston : Provided, That this
resolution shall not be construed to convey any
title in the grounds whereon the said buildings,
barracks, fences, sheds, cisterns, and so forth,
aro situated, or any authority to demolish or
destroy the same, but to be held to be returned
to the United States whenever required for any
purpose for the use of the Government.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 134. — Joint Resolution granting Con-
demned Cannon to the Delaware Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to deliver to the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association of Wil-
mington, Delaware, ten pieces of condemned
brass cannon.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 135. — Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish Cannon to
"Soldiers' Plot" in Riverview Cemetery,
at Trenton, New Jersey.
Be it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to furnish six pieces of con-
demned cannon for ornamentation of the
"Soldiers' Plot" in Riverview Cemetery, at
Trent on, New Jersey.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. ISO.—Joint Resolution to permit the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to allow certain Boats
to carry Passengers and their Baggage be-
tween American Ports on Lake Ontario.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
allow the steamboats of the Canadian Naviga-
tion Company built in the United States, and
now owned by that company, to carry passen-
gers and their baggage between Rochester,
Oswego, and other American ports on the
south shore of Lake Ontario, subject to such
regulations as he may establish.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
