5538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
the national debt, to extend banking facilities,
and to establish specie payments.
The message also announced that' the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R; No. 880) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the accounts of the late collector
of the third and sixth collection districts of
Missouri.
kentucky university.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill of
the Senator from Kentucky is now before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. All I ask is a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
pension bill for Mrs. Lincoln, that we may
have a vote on it. I want a vote on that bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Just take a vote on my bill,
and the Senator can then take up his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 818) for the relief of the Kentucky Uni-
versity is before the Senate. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts move to postpone that?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do not.
The bill was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for paying to the treasurer of the
Kentucky University the sum of $25,000 in
full compensation for all claim which could be
made by that university, or by Transylvania
University, to whose rights it has succeeded,
for the occupation of their buildings at Lexing-
ton, Kentucky, as a general hospital for United
States soldiers, and for all damages and injury
caused to those buildings and the grounds
adjacent, and to the museums and personal
property of the university. Before this sum
shall he paid a release in full of all claims
against the Government of all rents and dam-
ages that might or could be claimed by the
Kentucky University, or by Transylvania Uni-
versity, shall be executed in due form by the
proper officers of the university, and deposited
with the Treasurer along with the receipt for
the sum appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 319) to extend the time for
presenting claims for additional bounties ;
An act (S. No. 378) to provide for the re-
demption of the three per cent, temporary loan
certificates, and for an increase of national
bank notes;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 205) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide in-
ternal revenue in support of the Government,
and for other purposes, approved June 30,
1864; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay
expenses of delegations of Indians visiting the
city of Washington.
message tfrom tiib iiouse.
A message from the House of Repi'esenta-
ti^es, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. li. No. 371) suspending the oper-
ation of section three of an act entitled "An
act. imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes." approved
July 20, 1868, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
(o the bill (H. li. No. 2165) making appropri-
ation for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, aud
for other purposes, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. H. L. Dawes of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. J. B. Beck of Kentucky, and
Mr. A. A. Sarcent of California, managers
at the same on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 1034) to relieve A. E. Reynolds
from civil and political disabilities, and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
civil appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to consider its amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tho part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrill of Maine, Mr. Sawyer, and Mr.
Bayard.
mary lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the pension bill
for Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that motion, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. Let us con-
sider and finish that bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The motion of the Senator from Ohio
takes precedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators are aware that
there is pressing executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill is pressing.
Mr. SHERMAN. After we have an execu-
tive session I will agree to take it up.
Mr. SDMNER. After this bill, the execu-
tive session; tliia bill first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being put there were, on a
division—ayes 10, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Carpenter. Cole.
Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fowler. Howe,
Howell, Johnston, MeCreery, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Ross. Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Warner,
Willey, and Williams—-22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Chandler, Oorbett, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan. Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye. Pratt,
ltamsey, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sumner,
Tluiyer, Trumbull, Vickcr.-, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Edmunds, Perry, Flanagan, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pornc-
roy. Pool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencor,
Spraguo, Stockton, and T harm an—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, the question is on
taking up the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill for the payment of a
pension to Mrs. Mary Lincoln.
The motion was agreed to.
J. AND M. M. MERRIAM.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask permission to
take up House joint resolution No. 20G.
Mr. SUMNER. With the understandingthat
nothing else shall be done to interfere with the
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
done by unanimous consent. The Senator from
Massachusetts cannot consent for the Senate.
Is there any objection ? The Chair hears none,
and the resolution mentioned by the 'Senator
from Connecticut will be reported.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
ft. No. 206) for the relief of Joseph and Mat-
thew Merriam, of Hartford, Connecticut. By
its terms the Secretary of the Treasury is
directed to cause to be refunded to Joseph and
Matthew M. Merriam, of Hartford, in the
State of Connecticut, the sum of $>2,880 96, a
tax upon sales erroneously assessed and col- •
lected 31st January, 186-7; and not authorized
by a proper construction oT the internal rev-
enue laws of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered toa third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
mary lincoln.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a private bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
pardon me. The Senator knows that there is
a bill pending on which it is important to have
a vote.
. Mr. PRATT. I appeal to the courtesy of
the Senator from Massachusetts to allow this
bill to pass. I do not think it will occupy much
time. It is for the relief of the heirs of Jethro
Wood. I am quite sure, if he saw the amiable
ladies who represent Jethro Wood he would
not for a moment hesitate.
Mr. SUMNER. I have seen them ; but there
will be some discussion on that case.
Mr. PRATT. I think not. If there is I will
give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill can
be laid aside by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us proceed with the bill
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The bill
(H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, the question being on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] in line seven, to strike out " $3,000 per
annum" and insert "five dollars per day."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say, in one word, that
I shall vote against this amendment while I
shall vote against the bill. If that seems a
little anomalous I have to say that I should
be sorry to vote for the bill; but I should be
still sorrier to leave any evidence on the record
that I was dissuaded from voting against the
bill because of the amount of money involved
in it. If it is proper for the United States
Treasury to do anything for the representatives
of the late President of the United States it is
eminently proper that they should do as much
as is proposed in the pending bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. With the
leave of the Senate, I will withdraw the amend-
ment and move another one, that we pay the
widow of Abraham Lincoln the sum of $15,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be withdrawn by unanimous conseivt,
the yeas and nays having been ordered. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
The Senator from Vermont now proposes an
amendment, which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the enacting clause and in
liew thereof to insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior he. and he is
hereby, authorized to pay to JMa.ry Lincoln, widow
of Abraham Lincoln, deceased, late President of the
United States, the sum of fcl5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this amendment, which is to
pay $15,000 in one round sum instead of pay-
ing a pension during life.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired- with the Senator from Vermont, the
chaftman of the Committee on Pensions, [Mr.
; Edmunds.] I am in favor of granting the
