1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
contest to be conducted upon. It was the
expression of those principles and sentiments
that lost him the favor of the Government and
brought him to disgrace through the influence
of extreme men.
Mr. President, there were large masses at
the North then who determined that this war
should be prosecuted to the utmost subversion
of slavery and to the utmost subjugation of the
southern States and the overthrow of their gov-
ernments. These men said that McClellan was
not their instrument; that he could not be
brought to act the part of the leader of the
party that had in view such purposes of revo-
lution and of overthrow of the Constitution.
That was the reason why his own Government
withdrew the forces, to the amount of sixty
thousand men, which they had promised him
when they sent him to capture Richmond, and
why he failed in that great enterprise. They
knew that the capture of Richmond would over-
throw the southern confederacy; that it woult^
bring the war to an end; that it would leave
slavery in the southern States still existing;
that it would leave the people of the southern
States unsubjngated and leave their State gov-
ernments in full operation and vigor. They
were determined that this should not be.
Therefore it was that McClellan and his army
were abandoned to their fate.
The conflict still progressed, and in 1865 the
war was brought to a close by the utter dis-
comfiture of the rebellion. When Lee and
Johnston surrendered and Davis was captured,
the war was terminated in fact as it should have
been in law. That was in April, 1865, and im-
mediately the military and naval forces of the
United States ought to have been disbanded
and the country put upon a peace establish-
ment. The country had incurred a large amount
of debt, enough to have admonished Congress
and the Administration that the time for re-
trenchment and economy had come; that the
rebellion was utterly and hopelessly over-
thrown, and there was no other work for the
Government to do but to place the country in
its former peaceful relations; to disband the
Army and Navy so far as they had been placed
upon a war footing, to retrench every needless
expense, to reduce taxes, and to remove the
burdens of taxation from the people.
But, Mr. President, that was not done. In
1865, at the end of that year, there should not
have been a soldierin the Army of the United
States beyond twenty thousand men. The
ships of war, so far as they were not necessary
for the protection of the commerce of the coun-
try in ordinary times of peace, should have
been dismantled and should have been put
into ordinary. All the enormous expenses of
the naval and military service of the country
beyond a peace establishment should have been
cut down, and the Treasury should have been
saved that enormous loss. But what was done?
Why, sir, if that had be^n done, $200,000,000
for the first year would have been an ample
amount to pay the current expenses of the
Government and the interest upon the public
debt. If that debt had been scaled as it should
have been to the specie value the interest would
have amounted to only about eighty million
dollars; and $120,000,000 would have been an
ample amount to meet all the other demands
of the Government.
But instead of that the Government went on
selling bonds. In 1865 it sold six per cent,
bonds to the amount of $279,746,150. The
ordinary receipts of the Treasury for the same
year, exclusive of loans and exclusive of the
balance in the Treasury, were $319,899,872.
In 1866 the Government sold six per cent,
bonds to the amount of $124,914,400, worth,
as I stated before, $88,000,000. In 1867 it
sold bonds to the amount-of $421,000,000 and
a fraction, and in 1868 to the amount of
$425,000,000 and a fraction. During that time
it was receiving, as the ordinary produce of
the revenues in 1865, $319,899,872; in 1866,
$395,405,902; in 1867, $490,634,010 ; in 1868,
$405,638,083;andinl869, $370,943,747. Those
were the ordinary receipts of the Treasury in
those eno/mous amounts, in addition to the j
enormous amounts of bonds that were sold in
the same years. In those five years, from 1865
to 1869, there was an aggregate of receipts into
the Treasury, from the ordinary sources, of
$1,981,511,614, making an annual average of
upward of three hundred and ninety-six mil-
lion dollars.
Now, sir, was there any necessity for the
sale of that large amount of bonds in addition
to the great receipts into the Treasury, the
amounts of which I have read ? If the object
of the party in power had been the simple,
constitutional, legal, and regular suppression
of the rebellion and the restoration of the coun-
try to its former relations, not one third, cer-
tainly not one half of the vast expenditure of
money resulting from the sale of bonds and the
receipts into the Treasury after the fall of the
rebel armies would have been necessary.
This hasty review of facts leads me to this
conclusion : that these bonds in the enormous
amounts to which they .were sold after the fall
of the rebellion were not sold and the money
used or intended to be used for constitutional
and legitimate purposes. The object was the
overthrow of the Constitution, the utter over-
throw of the southern States, of their govern-
ments, of their institutions, and the enslave-
mentoftheirpeople. Sir, I have no friendliness
for a public debt that has been swelled to such
enormous proportions for any such purposes.
If the Government had been in hands faithful
to their trust one half and more than one half,
in my opinion, of the vast amount of bonds
that were sold during the last four years would
have been unnecessary. They were unneces-
sary for any constitutional or legitimate pur-
pose. The men who purchased those bonds
knew the power of the Government over them.
They knew that the Government could scale
them according to the gold value of the paper
that was paid for the bonds, because that is a
principle in every court that has existence in
the world. They therefore bought them with a
full knowledge of the inadequate consideration
for which they had been sold and of the per-
fect ability of the Government to have them
scaled according to the value of that consider-
ation. Sir, the whole transaction is usurious.
Usury sticks to the transaction like the shirt
of Nessus. There is but one mode in which
to free the transaction from it, and that is to
purge from the transaction every iota of usury.
The proposition which I make is intended to
produce that result, and in producing that result
it will be no injustice to the bondholders ; it
will be particularly no injustice to the men who
purchased the bonds, and it will be nothing
but justice to the taxed people of the United
States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
what the question is before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The pending amendment is that
offered by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cor-
bett,] to strike out the fifth section of the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I thought it was McClel-
lan' s campaign in Virginia. [Laughter. ]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call attention to the
fact that the pending proposition is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky, to re-
commit the bill, with instructions, and it was
upon that motion that the Senator's speech was
made, and perfectly applicable to it, sound,
and able.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, as the
present question is not the campaign of McClel-
lan in Virginia I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate on that subject. I will simply
inform the Senator from Kentucky that he is
very unfortunate in his facts; that he has not
stated the case correctly in a single instance
except one, and that was as to a very brilliant
battle that was fought. The number of troops
under McClellan instead of being eighty-five
thousand was one hundred and thirty-five thou-
sand, and that one hundred and thirty-five
thousand lay for one month in front of York-
town before eighty-five hundred men under
Magruder, until they lost more men out of the
Union Army than Magruder ever had. The
battle of Malvern was a very brilliant affair, of
which McClellan knew nothing, he being on a
gun-boat from morning till night. I presume
the Senator did not get liis information from
.General McClellan, as he was not present. At
a future day, when that subject shall be before
the Senate, I shall enter into a discussion of
it; but at present I merely wish to say that the
Senator from Kentucky is unfortunate in being
misinformed upon every fact he stated except
in relation to the battle of Malvern.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the honorable Sen-
ator does not know much of the facts. But,
sir, the proposition now pending before the
Senate is my motion to recommit the bill with
instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
was misinformed. That motion will take pre-
cedence of the motion of the Senator from
Oregon.
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business. A short executive session is neces-
sary.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
I Tuesday, March 8, 1870.
I The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
;! by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
j; The Journal of yesterday was read and
I approved.
bridge across missouri river.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
reported back, with amendments, from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, a bill (H.
R. No. 1227) to authorize the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
central branch union pacific railroad
Mr. WHEELER also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, a bill (H. R. No. 1464) relat-
\ ingto the Central Branch Union Pacific rail-
I road; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
pacific railroad, southern route.
Mr. WHEELER also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad a bill (H. R. No. 1465) to
i amend an act entitled "An act granting lands
i to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the Pacific coast by the southern
route," approved July 27, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad a joint resolution (H. R. No.
186) concerning the Southern Pacific railroad
I of California; which was read a first and second
, time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
public lands in dakota.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill of a local character—House bill
No. 1322, to prevent the further sale of the
public lands in the Territory of Dakota, except
as provided for in the preemption and home-
stead laws and the laws for disposing of town
sites and mineral lands.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which there will be opportunity for objec-
tion to its consideration.
