4594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
ate agreed to the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 785) to
incorporate an Association for the Preven-
tion of Cruelty to Animals in the District of
Columbia.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 754) to
incorporate a zoological society in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(II. R. No. 2218) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act toauthorizelhe construction,
extension, and use of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
into and within the District of Columbia,"
approved February 5, 1870.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 936)to
provide for the compensation of grand and
petit jurors in the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and for other purposes,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
WILLIAM SELDEN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported a bill
(II. R. No. 22-16) for the relief of William
Selden ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be
paid to William Selden, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $5,000 in full for all claims against the
United States for the use and occupation of
personal and real property by the military
authorities within the District of Columbia in
the year 1861 and thereafter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must ask that that bill
shall go to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. Before
the gentleman insists upon that I desire him to
listen to a brief statement in regard to the case.
This is an old gentleman, ninety years of age ;
and all he has got to rely upon for the support
of himself and his family is this claim. If
we are ever to do anything for him it seems
doubly important, for the reason I stated, that
it should be done now. If the bill should go
to the Speaker's table, that is the end of it for
this session. If it were any ordinary claim, I
should not object to its going to the table; but
this is a claim in regard to which there seems
to be no dispute. While the quartermaster's
department objects to very many cases where
the proof is not clear, we have had several let-
ters from that department calling our attention-
special ly to this case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why does the quarter-
master not pay the claim ?
Mr.WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. The
only reason why the quartermaster did not set-
tle with this claimant is that he considered that
the claim came under the head of liquidated
balances. A commission was sent to examine
and report. The commission having made
an examination reported, recommending that
Congress should afford relief. According to the
report of the commissioners the actual dam-
age done the property amounted to $10,200.
We looked over the estimate carefully, and, on
consultation with the quartermaster's depart-
ment, came to the conclusion that if we ever
did anything for this man, so that it should be
of any benefit to him, it should be done now ;
and we determined that, in consideration of
his releasing the Government from all further
claim, we should give hira the sum of $5,000.
The timber and wood 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, let it pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIAS SHIPMAN.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2247) for the
payment of the claim ofElias Shipman, to the
amount allowed by the War Department;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay Elias Shipman, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum ot' $l,l!48 95, the ac-
ceptance of which sum by or on the part of
said Elias Shipman should be in full satisfac-
tion of his certain claim for rent presented to
the War Department, which claim has hereto-
fore been considered and passed upon by the
said Department.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have the
report in this ease read.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. There is no written
report in the case. It was referred by the
War Department to the claims commission.
The commission in their report allowed the
claim. It was then sent to the Third Auditor,
and he has decidcd thaft, as it was a claim com-
ing under the head of liquidated balances, it
was one which did not come within his juris-
diction.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEONARD IIAltDING.
•,,Mr. IIOTCHKISS, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. li. No. 1907) for the
relief of Leonard Harding.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay Leonard
Harding, of the city of Buffalo, county of Erie,
and State of New York, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $152 50, in full for services as night-
keeper of the coal-oil refinery of Messrs. Green-
wood and Dornier, in said city.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAROLINE G. GARDINER.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS, from the same commit-
tee, reportedback, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 1274, for the
relief of Mrs. Caroline G. Gardiner, widow of
Brevet Brigadier General JohnL. Gardiner.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Mrs. Caro-
line G. Gardiner, widow of Brevet Brigadier
General John L. Gardiner, the sum of $1,554,
being two and one half per cent, on $03,161 91,
assessed and collected by said John L. Gar-
diner while exercising a civil duty, by order
of Major General Scott, during the time the
city of Mexico was in possession of the troops
of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill go to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar, as it contains an appropriation. This
seems to be a very old claim, some twenty or
thirty years old.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This bill has been be-
fore Congress, and was here when the war of
the rebellion broke out. This officer was em-
ployed and died in the service of the country.
General Scott certified that this was a just
claim, and should be paid. Other officers who
performed similar services were paid by law ;
and if this widow is ever to have any relief it
should be given to her now.
Mr. MAYNAIID. How much is the claim ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Only $1,554. I will
explain the bill in a few words. The law pro-,
vides for paying collectors. This officer was
appointed as an assessor; but he performed the
duties of both assessor and collector. But
being named as assessor he does not come
technically within the law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He received pay as an
Army officer, and it is now proposed to pay
him as a civil officer.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. He was not paid for
these services; and while he was on this duty
he lost a portion of his pay as an Army officer.
All the other officers who performed similar
services were paid this additional compensa-
tion by act of Congress. It is proposed to treat
this officer precisely as other officers were
treated who performed similar duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there a report in this
caNe ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. There is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will reserve my point
of order to hear the report read.
The Clerk began reading the report, but
before concluding,
Mr. BENJAMIN said: I do not wish to hear
any more of the report read, for it is very evi-
dent that this officer received pay as an Army
officer, and it is now proposed to pay him as a
civil officer. Let the bi-ll go to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Congress passed an act
immediately after the Mexican war giving
additional compensation to every other officer
who performed similar services.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am very much opposed
to paying men twice, as Army officers and as
civil officers.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This man was named
as an assessor, and because the law said "col-
lectors" he could not be paid, although he per-
formed the duty of a collector. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his point of order, for this
old lady is one of the most worthy old ladies
in the State of New York, and she needs this
money now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot withdraw my
point of order, because in my judgment it is
wrong to pay one person the compensation of
two officers.
The SPEAKER. The point of order having
been raised that this bill contains an appropri-
ation, it must be referred to the Committee of
the Whole and placed on the private Calendar.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. HOTCHKISS said: The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamix] withdraws his
objection to the bill for the relief of Mrs. Car-
oline G. Gardiner. I ask -unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it now
bo considered in the House.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motionto reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE OIIARLES STEEDMAJf.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. li. No. 2248) for
