450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
_ By Mr. NUCKOLLS: The petition of Ma-
tilda Shield, claiming compensation for prop-
erty taken by the Government.
Also, the petition of Anna Lucas, claiming
compensation for services daring the war.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of P. J.
Tytus and 90 others, citizens of Middletown,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SCOPIELD: Petitions from citizens
of the city of Erie and borough of Warren,
Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SHAN ICS: A petition of officers of the
Allen County Medical Society of Fort Wayne,
Indiana, asking that the pay, rank, and accom-
modations of medical officers of the Navy be
increased and provided for by law.
Also, the petition of David Heal, of Wheel-
ing, Delaware county, Indiana, asking the pas-
sage of a law to graduate the license fees of
attorneys from two to ten dollars.
Also, the petition of Colonel James W.
Campbell, asking pay for a horse lost by him
in the military service of the United States.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
JohnGafeley, of Tipton, Iowa, and 110 others,
residents of Iowa, and 33 residents of Missouri,
asking Congress to adopt measures to so amend
the Constitution of the United States so that
the people of the United States shall acknowl-
edge Almighty God as the source of all au-
thority and power iu civil government, the Lord
Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations,
and His revealed will as of supreme authority
in order to constitute a Christian govern-
ment.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petitions
of Maxon, Fish & Co., and others; and also the
petition of John A. Forsyth and others, of
Mystic river, Connecticut, ship-owners, ship-
builders, ship-joiners, &c., asking for the re-
moval of taxation from shipping and ship-
building interests.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Joseph
Merriman and others, for refundment of money
illegally required as a tax on sales.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Robert Patterson and 59 others, of Ross county,
Ohio, praying Congress partially to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 42 citizens
ofBreesport, Chemung county, New York, in
favor of the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Willard Clark and 43 others,
legal voters of South Ashfield, in the ninth dis-
trict of Massachusetts, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Thomas B. Winslow,
assignee of the Now York Mail Steamship
Company, asking for the refunding of certain
tonnage duties paid into the Treasury.
By Mr. WELLS: A memorial signed by
Nathaniel Ranny and many others of the
soldiers of the American war of 1812, asking
for a pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Jane Hardestv, widow of Samuel Hardesty,
company H, seventy-sixth Ohio volunteers,
praying for a special act granting her a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of cit-
izens of Hopbottom, Susquehanna county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, apetition of citizens of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of several iron manufactur-
ing companies in the Lehigh, Schuylkill, and
Susquehanna regions, for an inquiry into the
data upon which Commissioner Wells based
his late report.
Also, five petitions of citizens of the city of
Scranton, in Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 14, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator rise to a correction of the Journal?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir; I rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to state to the Senate
that when the vote was taken upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] to the joint resolution providing for
the admission of Virginia I voted under an
entire misapprehension. I was called out of
the Chamber just before my name was called,
and when I returned was informed that the
vote was upon a different proposition. I had
spoken in favor of that amendment, and yester-
day I again spoke in favor of it, supposing the
vote upon it had not been taken. As a change
of the record will not alter the result, there being
only twelve Senators in the minority, and as I
desire especially that I shall belong to that
minority, I hope the Senate will indulge me
in having my vote recorded in the affirmative ;
and I ask unanimous consent to have that
change made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the sev-
enteenth rule provides that—
"When the yeas and nays shall be taken upon any
question, in pursuance of the above rule, no Senator
shall be permitted, under any circumstances what-
ever, to vote after the decision is announced by the
Chair."
And the fifty-third rule says that—
" Any rule may bo suspended by unanimous con-
sent oxcept the seventeenth, rule, wliieh shall novcr
be suspended."
So that the Chair cannot even entertain the
motion by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator accom-
plishes his object by making his statement.
Mr. YATES. I desire my request, then, to
be entered in the Congressional Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The remarks of
the Senator will be inserted by the reporters in
the Congressional Globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. With great deference I
submit to the Chair whether the rule excludes
the request which the Senator from Illinois
makes. A Senator cannot vote after the result
has beenannounced; but ifhevoteunderamis-
apprehension is it anything more than merely
correcting the Journal to allow him to change
his vote ? He cannot vote after the decision
has been announced ; but, as I understand the
statement of the Senator from Illinois, he voted,
but voted under a misapprehension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter of the
rule is as it was read by the Chair ; the spirit
of the rule is that there shall be no change made
made in the result as announced by the Secre-
tary after the yeas and nays have'been taken ;
that that shall not bo changed afterward. Any
correction can be made by way of personal
explanation which can be incorporated in the
official record, as the Globe is generally called
the official record of debate. The Senator from
Rhode Island will see that if the course which
he suggests were continued it might lead to
great confusion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can perceive that the
Chair is perfectly correct; it did not occur to
me before.
jiouse bill referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 804) to protect officials
in Government employ was read twice by its
title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChair scarcely
knows to what committee this should be re-
ferred ; but as it proposes to discontinue dona-
tions by subordinates to their superiors, the
Chair supposes it might properly be referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment. If there
be no objection it will be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment. It is so re-
ferred.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Coburn Tyler, of Camden, New Jer-
sey, praying that pensions be granted to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of G. Dawson
Coleman and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
representing thirty-seven iron furnaces in the
Lehigh, Schuylkill, and Susquehanna regions,
praying that inquiry be made as to the cost of
producing pig-iron; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of D.
K. Cartter, George P. Fisher, and others, pray-
ing an appropriation of $15,000 for the relief
of worn-out slaves, disabled from labor by
age, disease, &e., to be disbursed by Jose-
phine S. Griffing, under the direction of the
mayor of Washington city; whieh was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition similar to
the one presented by the Chair. The petition-
ers represent thirty-seven furnaces in the Le-
high, Schuylkill, and Susquehanna regions of
Pennsylvania, and ask for a special and search-
ing inquiry for the data on which the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, Hon. David A.
Wells, has based Ms statements of the average
cost of the manufacture of pig-iron at the fur-
naces in those regions; and as I propose to
introduce a resolution based upon this petition,
I respectfully ask, as it is brief, that the peti-
tion be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
rule says that only a brief statement of the con-
tents of a petition or memorial shall be verb-
ally made by the introducer. This has been
the usage. By unanimous consent, however,
it can be read. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia asks unanimous consent that this petition
may be read. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled ;
In the 1 ate report of Hon. David A. Wells, Special
Commissioner of the Bevenue, the following para-
graph appears:
"In the valley of the Cumberland and in the an-
thracite districts of Pennsylvania, and at Scranton,
the Commissioner is informed by those conversant
with the business that the average cost of manufac-
ture in the case of furnaces favorably situated, under
good management and with coal at ordinary prices,
is not in excess of from twenty-four to twenty-six
dollars per ton, and in some instances is much less
than this figure. Those estimates, furthermore, it
should be observed, include a liberal interest on the
capital invested, which isturnedon an average from
two to three times per annum."
Your memorialists, representing thirty-seven fur-
naces m the Lehigh, Schuylkill, and Susquehanna
regions, producing annually in the aggregate over
two hundred and seventy thousand tons of pig-iron,
respectfully express their belief, based upon per-
sonal knowledge, that the above statement of the
Commissioner will be found upon a critical exam-
ination erroneous, and, if accepted by Congress, a
most dangerous guide to legislation. Upon the
authority of our personal knowledge we heg leave
to state that the average cost per ton at the furnaces
we represent, exclusive of any interest on capital
and the expenses of moving product from the fur-
naces, m the year 1868 was $29 16i, and in the first six
months of 1869, $29 63; while we believe the cost for
the last six months will not materially vary there-
lrotn, these prices being the average eost of the
product, embracing the three qualities of iron,
namely, Nos. 1, 2, and 3.
We respectfully express the conviction that the
ioregomg average eost of the product of the furnacos
we represent is below the average eostof the product
v' furnaces collectively; it being our be-
lier tuat 776 represent interests having important
economic advantages.
In view of the foregoing statements werespectfully
ask as an act of lustice to the Commissioner, to the
producer of American pig-iron, to the public, and to
its iiepresentatives in Congress, that you will make
a special and searching inquiry for the dataon which
the Commissioner has based his statements, and into
tne accuracy of our statements as above, that the
