1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4595
the relief of Charles Steedman, commodore of
the United States Navy; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in adjust-
ing the accounts of Commodore Charles Steed-
man, of the United States Navy, for disburse-
ments as paymaster while in command of the
United States brig Dolphin, to allow and credit
him with the sum of $704 41, the amount of
debit items from errors which occurred without
fault or neglect on his part.
Mr. WELKER. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. There is.
Mr. WELKER. Let it be read.
The report was read. It states thai on the
lGcli of September, 1858, Steedman was placed
in command of the United States brig Dolphin
and ordered to join the Paraguay expedition,
with the naval rank of commander, in addi-
tion to his naval duties, he was ordered to
discharge those of paymaster, an unusual re-
quirement. Against this he protested, and
made application to the Secretary of the Navy
to be relieved, which request was declined.
He felt obliged to protest against being obliged
to assume the responsibility, because he had no
experience or skill as an accountant and no inti-
mate knowledge of the system of paymaster's
accounts. As the vessel, however, was for the
war service, he regarded it as his duty to sub-
mit, and endeavored to comply with the require-
ment and do his best. After the conclusion
of the affairs with Paraguay he was left for sev-
eral months in chief command of the vessels
remaining on the Brazil station, discharging
the duties of commander-in-chief, paymaster-
in-chief, procuring and distributing funds to
the various vessels, and paymaster of his own
vessel, without any additional allowance or com-
pensation. On the settlement of his accounts
at the Treasury he was brought in debt $704 41
for defective receipts, marginal errors, over-
payments, and discrepancies in clothing and
allotments, although he had not used, misap-
propriated, or lost one cent of the money.
Considering the peculiar circumstances of the
case, the committee deemed it proper that he
should be relieved from his indebtedness.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vole by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS ALLEN.
Mr. HOTCHKISS also reported, from the
same committee, a bill (H. E. No. 2249) for
the relief of Thomas Allen ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Thomas Allen the sum of $27,730 03
in full compensation for printing twenty thou-
sand copies of the Compendium of the Sixth
Census of the United States and furnishing the
materials therefor, by order of the Secretary
of State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think I shall have to
raise a point of order on this bill. I am will-
ing, however, to reserve the point until the
report has been read.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This bill is to carry
out a judgment of the Court of Claims. The
report in the case is from that court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to be a very
old affair—a claim originating in 1850.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That is true. A bill to
pay the claim has several times passed the
House or the Senate alone, but there has never
yet been a concurrence between the two Houses
in passing the same bill. The opinion of the
court in this case was written by J udgc Black-
ford, a judge of very high reputation. I do not
see how the Government can avoid its obliga-
tion to pay this claim.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the case has been adjudi-
cated in the Court of Claims?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is the record of the court
among the papers ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will hear it read,
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Why, sir, the reading
of that record would take half the day. I
think that the gentleman should be satified with
the fact that the report and opinion in the case
come from Judge Blackford.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there has been a jurtg-
mentof the Court of Claims, why has not that
judgment been paid?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Because at the time the
judgment was rendered the law required the
court to report their judgments to Congress,
that it might make the necessary appropriation.
This judgment was rendered before the pres-
ent law had been enacted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We are making from
year to year, appropriations to satisfy judg-
ments of the Court of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] will
recollect that when the Court of Claims was
originally established its jurisdiction was not
final upon any case, but all its judgments were
required to be reported to Congress; and when
sueh cases camc here they were referred to a
committee for examination, which committee,
if it deemed proper, would report a bill mak-
ing the necessary appropriation. This is one
of the cases passed by the court under that
condition of the law and reported to Congress.
The Senate affirmed the judgment of the Court
of Claims and passed a bill for the purpose of
paying it. A similar bill was passed two or
three times by the House; but a bill for the
purpose never went through both Houses at
the same Congress.
Mr. POTTER. Then there has never been
any appropriation applicable to the payment
of this claim?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No;
there could not be without the passage of a
special act making the appropriation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for I he previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
PIERRE KLAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the claim of Pierre Klain;
and the same was laid on the table.
J. ALLEN POUTER.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 347) for the relief
of J. Allen Porter, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to J. Allen Porter, sole heir of the late
William Lee Porter, lieutenant, fifth United
States cavalry, the pay of an assistant adjutant
general of volunteers, fiom November 10,
1804, the date of his muster-out as first lieu-
tenant fifty-sixth Ohio volunteers, to May 1,
1865, the date of his appointment as captain
and assistant adjutant general of volunteers,
he having been on duty at headquarters de-
partment of the Cumberland during such inter-
val in that capacity.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEWIS D. SMITH.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back a joint resolution (S. R. No.
101) for the relief of Lewis D. Smith, with
an amendment.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required, in settling
the accounts of Lewis D. Smith, the postmas-
ter at Ionia, Michigan, to allow him a credit
of the amount of moneys and stamps belonging
to the United States intrusted to his care, and
stolen from his possession, not exceeding the
sum of $1,801 28.
Mr, HOLMAN. I am directed by the com-
mittee to move to strike out " $1,861 28 " and
to insert " $1,476," and to strikeout the words
" moneys and."
The object of the amendment is to pay for
the stamps only. It is not in accordance with
the practice of this House to pay for moneys
lost by these officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution, as amended,
was ordered to a third reading; and it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vole
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOTfN WILSON.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2250) for the relief
of John Wilson ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that there shall be paid to
John Wilson, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $3,000
for his services in superintending the drawing
and preparation of maps of the land States for
the Committee on the Public Lands of the
House of Representatives, under resolution of
May 4, 1848.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask the report, which is
.short, may be read.
The report was read, and i3 as follows :
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the claim of John Wilson, of the District of Colum-
bia, for superintending, aiding in, and directing tho
preparation of maps of the public land States, ordered
by resolution of the House of Representatives, 1th
May, 18-18, a8 follows: "Iteioloed, That there ho
prepared by procurement of the Clerk for the use of
tho House and the committee thereof on public
lands, a map of the public lands in each State, show-
ing the state of tho surveys, and also what has been
sold, and that thesamebe prepared under the super-
vision of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and that the bald maps be re vised and ex tended
after each session of Congress," (first session Thir-
tieth Congress, House Journal, page 760,) and tho
committee having carefully considered the same,
make the following report:
Under this authority the Clerk of the House of
Representatives employed John Wilson, the claim-
ant, then a principal clerk employed in the General
Land Office at Washington, to superintend the ex-
ecution of the land maps of the Committee on the
Public Lands of the House of Representatives, Ho
performed this service faithfully and satisfactorily
from the 4th of May, 1843, to 14th of January, 1852,
while he discharged with equal acceptability his
duties as clerk in the Land Office, for which he was
regularly paid his salary at the rate of S3,800 per
annum.
The claimant seems to have been employed on
this duty because, from his experience in tho Land
Office, he was the most competent to superintend
the work, and to instruct others in the business, and
to insure accuracy in "the records and maps of rue
Land Committee, and not as a favor merely to tho
