-mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JulylS,
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following: .
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the Secre-
rctary of the Senate be, and he hereby is, directed
ttjpay to the FirstNational Bankof the city of Wash-
Spgton.the sum of $1,613 61 with interest from June
3,1867, in satisfaction of money advanced to defray
the expenses of the joint select Committeo on Ord-
nance, and that the receipt of said bank shall be
deemed a sufficient voucher in the settlement of the
accounts with the Treasury Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move the fol-
lowing amendment ito come in under the head
of " miscellaneous," of which I have already
given, notice to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations:
To pay the Government of Peru tho sum of 357,040
in com, being the amount awarded to Bstevan G.
Montano by joint commission at Lima, Peru, Feb-
ruary 25, 1870, acting under the claims convention
between the United States and Peru, of December 4,
1868.
I desire to communicate to the Senate a
letter from the Department of State on that
subject which I have received, as I do not wish
the Senate to act upon it without having the
official information. I will read it:
Department of State,
Washington, June 24,1870.
Sir: X have the honor to inclose a translation of a
note of this date, addressed to tho Department by
Colonel Freyre, the minister of Peru, stating that
he had been instructed by his Government to apply
for payment of the sum of $57,040 in American sold,
awarded to DonBstevanG.Montano by tho arbiter
upderth'a convention with Peru, and claimcd to bo
due to-morrow.
The executive Government has no means of meet-
ing this payment without an appropriation by Con-
fress, which you aro aware was reeommendedin tho
resident's message of tho 14th of April last.
I havo the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. Chakles Sumner, Senate.
Then follows the translation of the letter of
the Peruvian minister here at Washington, as
follows :
washington, June 24, 1870.
Mr. Secretary : The minister of foreign rela-
tions informed me in an official communication of
the 20th of April last that Mr. Estevan Q. Montano,
a Peruvian citizen, had presented a claim to the
joint commission sotting at Lima, according to the
.convention concluded between the Government of
the United States and that of Peru, and that he had
obtained as an indemnity for damages suffered the
sum of 357.040 in American sold, the corresponding
certificate being given him.
The minister directs me, at tho same time to ad-
dress your Excellency, stating to you that the Gov-
ernment of the United States should pay to tbe order
of this legation, on the 25th instant, the aforesaid
sura of $57,040, in order that it may be delivered to
Montano, in accordance with the stipulation made
in artielc fourth of the convention.
X fulfill, therefore, tho order which I have re-
ceived, by calling your Excellency's attention to this
matter, hoping that you will order the indemnity m
question to bb paid, the party interested having a
just right thereto.
I have the honor* to reiterate to your Excellency
the assuranco of my highest consideration.
MANUEL FKEYRE.
To his Excellency, the lion. Seceetaby or State.
I would add to that that by the decree of the
commission the claims of American citizens
are not to be paid until the claim of the Peru-
vian is satisfied. Therefore, the postponement
of thepr'esent payment will operate to post-
pone the payment of our own citizens.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the bill, to come in after line two hun-
dred and three, on page 0.
Assay office, New York:
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter,
refiner, assistant assayer, and clerks, and wages of
workmen, $30,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that is
probably right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am directed by the joint
Committee on Retrenchment to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in on page 6, after line
one hundred and twenty-six, of which I gave
timely notice to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations :
For thopayment of tho necessary expenses incurred
by tho joint select Committee on Retrenchment in
investigating the contracts of the Navy Department
for steam machinery. $358 04.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That tho Commissioner
of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen. and Aban-
doned Lands be, and ho is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of tho fund in said bureau for tho
education of freedmen, to pay to Wilberforoe Uni-
versity, in Greene county, Ohio, the sum of #25.000,
and to Lincoln University, in Chester county, Penn-
sylvania, $12,000, in aid of the objects of said insti-
tutions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. That was agreed to before
in the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. The first part of this amend-
ment in-relation to Wilberforce University has
been passed heretofore by the Senate in the
shape of a separate bill, and went to the House;
but they have not acted upon it there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does it
mean? Explain it.
Mr. DRAKE. It is simply this : that out
of the money derived from the sales of aban-
doned lands the Commissioner of the Freed-
rnen's Bureau is authorized to turn over these
sums to these institutions for the education of
colored people, instead of holding the money
in his hands. The first part of it, the donation
to the Wilberforce University, has passed the
Senate before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire if the res-
olution that was introduced by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has been adopted
which provides that an amendment to an ap-
propriation bill shall be germane to the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that resolution has not been
agreed to.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Then of course I have
nothing further to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to report the following amendment:
For materials and putting up Wilson's electric gas-
Jighter in tho Senate Chamber, $4,500: Provided, Tho
same can bo dono under the control of tho architect
of the Capitol extension during tbe recess, and at an
expenso not exceeding the amount herein appro-
priated.
I will state that the committee have fully
examined this matter, and I think the oper-
ation here was exhibited to most Senators.
There is no question about the rapidity of the
lighting, or the saving of gas, or about its being
less dangerous from explosion.
Mr. NYE. I sitnply wish to say that I am
informed by the electrician who lights the other
House that the whole building can all be lighted
just as well from his apparatus, and at a very
small expense. It seems to me it would be
better to have the whole thing under one head,
instead of having it under two heads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will not
cost five dollars a year to keep this in repair.
For the other it requires a master workman
and a journeyman, it lias been tested recently
in this city in Corcoran's gallery, and I believe
there is no sort of doubt as to this being an
improvement on the process used by the House
of Representatives.
Mr. NYE. Will it cost any more to let the
present electrician who lights the other end to
compete for this?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Until com-
peted with he wanted more. He wanted
$10,000 until this man offered it for less, and
then he' agreed to take something less.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amendment:
For branch mint at Carson City, Nevada, namely,
blacksmith shop, fuel-house, and out offices, $10,00'J.
Paving, curbing, grading, fencing, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. Iofferthefollowingamendment:
Kor this amount, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
such claims for Indian depredations as may have
been established and allowed by him under the pro-
visions of the seventeenth section of the act of Jone
30,1834, to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, #47,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I inquire if
that is not the same proposition that was voted
down last night?
Mr. ROSS. It is substantially the same
proposition which was last night presented, but
then it was to appropriate $100,000 in pursu-
ance of the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Interior; but to-night I vary it to cor-
respond with the exact figures, which he states
he has examined and approved, and asks us
to appropriate for the payment of. The Sec-
retary asks us to appropriate this amount for
the payment of claims which he enumerates.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that this is not the question
which was voted upon last night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Your col-
league said it was.
Mr. POMEROY. It was withdrawn last
night after objection was made. It was before
the Senate last night, and it was before the
Senate with a recommendation from the Sec-
retary of the Interior to appropriate $100,000.
It was afterward suggested that there should
be specific appropriations for specific amounts
allowed, and it was not understood between
my colleague and myself last night whether
this specific amount had been allowed or not,
and it was thereupon withdrawn. Since then,
by a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, it is found that this specific amount,
so many dollars and cents, have been allowed,
audited, approved, and, according to the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Interior,
it is now moved upon this appropriation bill.
It pays claims to citizens of Kansas on the
frontier that have been despoiled of their goods
by Indian depredations, that had their horses
stolen, their cattle taken from them, their
goods destroyed, their houses burnt up; and
thus finally, after a great effort, they have es-
tablished claims to the amount of $47,000,
which have been audited, approved, and set-
tled. This is an appropriation to pay them.
I hope it will pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope these
general claims will not be pushed on the appro-
priation bills. It is all wrong. They should
stand on their own merits. I do not know
much about these Indian affairs, I am ready
to confess; but if we had passed the claim last
night it would have cost $100,000. By one
day's delay we can get off with $47,000. I
think if we wait until to-morrow we can get off
for nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not aquestion of
getting off for nothing. This is a question of
doing justice to men. I do not think the Sen-
ate has a right to drive a bargain for the Gov-
arnment against a citizen. If the citizen has
any rights under this Government he should
be protected in those rights, and because a
Senator thinks lie can drive a hard bargain
against the citizen it should not be entertained
in the American Senate for a moment. These
citizens have their rights. They have been
despoiled of their goods. The Secretary of the
Interior has made the award, found it just,
recommends and urges that we pay it, and it
is not the time now to come in and say we can
drive a bargain against the citizen.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Vermont
objects to placing these claims upon a general
appropriation bill. That Senator and others
should have objected to placing that proviso
upon the Indian appropriation bill which pro-
hibits the withholding from the annuities due
the Indians of a sufficient amount to pay for
depredations committed by them upon settlers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
I did sustain it.
Mr. THAYER. If he did not, he is not lia-
ble to my criticism ; but it was my impression
that he voted for it. Of course I withdraw my
remark from thai Senator if it is not so.
