1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
I am oonfident that Congress overlooked this mat-
ter, and that now their attention has been called to
it by the noble charity I have tho honor to repre-
sent that it will be blotted from the statute-book
and the Republic not prove ungrateful.
I remain, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant.
EDWARD B. LANSING,
Commanding Department of New York,
Grand Army of the Republic.
Hon. John A. Logan.
Mr. SCHENCK. That communication is
lithographed with the exception of the name
of theperson to whom it is addressed. A copy
was sent, not only to General Logan, but to
many other members of the House; I received
one myself. It was referred by many members
to theCommittee of Ways and Means. When
the other day in the order af our inquiries we
reached this subject we were surprised that
any such communication should have been
made.
I do not know who Mr. Lansing is, nor what
is his relation to the Grand Army of the Repub-
lic, but it would have been more satisfactory
if when he copied that receipt placarded on
the breast of a maimed soldier he had given
the name of the collector or revenue officer
who signed such a tax receipt. The committee
knew there was no law authorizing any such
tax, and did not believe any such tax had ever
been imposed, for grinding a hand-organ, on
any soldier or any one else. But to verify the
matter they referred it to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and I send his reply to
the desk to be read. We referred it with the
inquiry under what section of any law such a
tax can be impbsed, or whether in fact there
had ever been an imposition of any tax of this
kind, any such assessment. This is his answer.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office op Internal Revenue.
Washington, March 7.1870.
Sir : I reply to your indorsement of this date re-
ferring a communication addressed lion. John A.
Logan, M. C., by E. B. Lansing, of Brooklyn, New
York, relative to the liability of organ-grinders
and others who play musical instruments upon the
streets and elsewhere to payment of special tax
under the revenue laws, which communication was
referred by Mr. Loo an to the honorable Committee of
Ways and Means, that the internal revenue law im-
poses no tax upon any person with respect to playing
a hand-organ or other musical instrument upon the
street or at any other place; and this office is not
aware that any taxes have been assessed and col-
lected with respect to such business or occupation.
There is no provision of the revenue law exempting
persons who were wounded in the military or naval
servico of the United States from paym ent of special
tax as peddlers when engaged in business as such.
A copy of a letter dated the 26th January last, ad-
dressed Mr. Lansing by this office, upon the subject
in question, is herewith inclosed, together with the
communication referred here by you, and to which
this letter is a reply.
Respectfully, C. DELANO, Committioner.
Hon. R. C. Schenck, M. Cm House of Representatives,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have a
copy of a communication which was sent in
January last to Mr. Lansing directly from the
office of the Commissioner, giving the same
information. I will not ask to have it read.
I bring this to the attention of the House sim-
ply for the purpose of notifying all of the
various members who have been appealed to
for a correction or repeal of this odious law to
the fact that there is no such law. No such
tax has ever been imposed, and if there has
been any maimed soldier sitting at a corner
in the city of New York with a tax receipt of
that kind placarded upon his breast it was
either a fraud or a forgery. Some person pre-
tending to be a revenue officer may have im-
posed upon some soldier or other person and
issued a certificate and obtained his ten dollars
for it, or what I think, from the information the
committee have is much more likely, for polit-
ical effect persons have been hired to sit
at corners with placards of that kind in order
to bring the Government and the laws of the
Republican party into discredit.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. VOORHEE8. I rise to a privileged
question. I ask that the paragraph marked by
me, purporting to be a special dispatch from
this city to the New York Evening Post of
yesterday, may be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" General Schofield was before the committee this
morning, but his testimony throws no light upon the
case of R. R. Botleb. The case of Voorhees, of
Indiana, who appointed a cadet from Pennsylvania,
is undergoing investigation, and several witnesses
have been summoned with regard to it."
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league who sits near me [Mr. Kerr] says just
now that that is the first he has heard of such
a charge, and I can state that when my eye fell
upon that paragraph it was the first I had heard
of any such investigation. I had heard of no
investigation until I saw it there. If there has
been any I do not know it. If there has" been
a witness called I am not apprised of that fact.
On the contrary, I have been informed within
the last few minutes by members of the Mili-
tary Committee that there is not one word or
syllable of truth in that paragraph telegraphed
from here to the New York Evening Post.
My experience in life has demonstrated the
necessity of following up a falsehood with as
rapid an advance of truth as possibly can be
made; of never allowing a falsehood more
than twenty-four hours the start, or you will
never overtake it with contradiction ; and es-
pecially is this true in connection with this
most disagreeable subject. I feel it, there-
fore, to be my duty to meet this charge very
Promptly—to put my foot upon it the moment
see it.
I have no cadet at West Point. I have one
at Annapolis. He is the son of Dr. William
Maxwell Wood, chief of the Medical Bureau
of the Navy Department, and a naval officer
of forty years' standing. Dr. Wood was for a
long time a resident of the city in which I now
reside. When I made the appointment he was
afloat in the service of his country. I think it
was in the closing years of the war. In what
year the appointment was made I do not now
exactly recollect. If Dr. Wood had a shore
residence at that time I do not now remember
that my attention was called to it.
The boy's grandmother long lived and still
lives in the town in which I reside. His uncle,
John Wood, also lives there. Charles Wood,
another uncle, an eminent railroad man, now
dead, also lived there. Another uncle, P. M.
Donnelly, lived there and does now. And still
another uncle, Doctor Cunningham, was then
as now a citizen of Terre Haute, the place of
my residence. Samuel K. Hamil, the fifth
uncle, an eminent lawyer, lives in another
county in my district. I had ample proof of
the boy's residence in my district at the time
of his appointment among his widespread
kindred.
I made this appointment now nearly five
years ago. I repeat, if this boy's father had
any shore residence at that time I am not now
aware where it was, nor do I remember that
my attention was called to it at the time. He
was afloat, as I observed a moment ago, in the
service of his country, as honorable and spot-
less an officer as ever trod the deck beneath
the flag of his country.
I have reason to be proud of this appoint-
ment. It is one of the few things connected
with my official life that I glory in. This young
man will graduate in June next, nearly the first
if not the very first in the first section of his
class. He is the inventor of an improvement
in the life-boat system, at the time of his last
examination, which elicited nearly acolumn of
compliment in the New York press. Sir, I pre-
dict that he will be an ornament to the service
and reflect credit on my share in making him
an officer in the Navy.
Sir, had I the same trust to fulfill again, I
would do exactly as I did then. I would do
it if it cost me twenty seats in Congress. I
violated no law. The boy's residence was in
my district, with his numerous and respectable
kindred. Even had it not been so, custom,
from the foundation of the Government, which
amounts to law, has established the rule that
a naval officer in the service of his country has
no such residence as binds him to any particu-
lar jurisdiction in the ordinary affairs of life.
In regard to the merest imputation of a sordid
or unworthy motive in this transaction I have
only to say that slanderers will have not merely
to break down my humble reputation, but the
reputation and history also of a man who for
forty years in the service of his country, until
his head is white with honorably spent years,
has never had a breath of slander to tarnish
his fame or stain his integrity. I scorn to
notice a calumny of that kind, not merely
involving myself but involving as it does Doc-
tor William Maxwell Wood.
I have said all I desire to say, except this :
we have been engaged in expelling and driving
out certain members of this House. For the
newspaper press and the newspaper reporters
as a class I have a high respect; lor many of
them I have a warm personal regard. But if
the sluice-ways of calumny are to be thus
opened up by irresponsible men connected
with the press, the next expulsion that will be
in order here will be that of the slanderous and
calumniating reporters from these galleries.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, although the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] has
not called upon the committee for any state-
ment in reference to this matter, I presume it
will be proper for me, as an act of justice to
him, inasmuch as he has noticed this para-
graph, to say that I did not know anything
about this matter until the gentleman called
the attention of the House to it. I had not
seen the paragraph. But I will say that no
; witness before the committee has made any
! charge against the gentleman from Indiana.
I have heard of no such charge against him.
! Some person may have said in my hearing
that the gentleman had made an appointment
i out of his district; but if so I do not recollect
1 any such thing. I know that no witness before
i the committee has made any such charge,
i Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to thank the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Logan] for this voluntary statement.
privileges of the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege. I would like to have
read the rule touching the privileges of the
floor, with the view of asking the Speaker to
have it enforced a little more rigidly than it
has been heretofore. Almost every day I am
annoyed in this House by some man upon rail-
road or other lobby matters. I do not like it,
and I hope the annoyance will be stopped.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Door-
keeper to see that no persons be admitted to the
floor except those privileged to enter under the
rules of the House. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Rogers] calls attention to the vio-
lation of that rule. The Doorkeeper will take
notice of the fact.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a House
bill and joint resolution of thefollowing titles:
An act(H. R. No. 195) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the :
soldiers' monument committee of Rock Island
county, Illinois, certain condemned ordnance;
and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) authoriz-
ing the issue of blankets to enlisted men of !
company B, tenth infantry, to replace others !
destroyed by fire. 1
The message also announced that the Senate j
had passed joint resolutions and bills of the ,
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested: j
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing the
Secretary of War to take charge of the Gettys-
burg and Antietam national cemeteries;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 140) appointing J
