4596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
claimant. After thrco years and eight months he
was voluntarily relieved from the doty, and the per-
s?n^°S„?hom i4, was devolved was paid at the rate
of 5)1,800 per annum, which was increased to a larger
sum, while the most important and laborious part
of the work had been executed by the claimant.
1< or this service no compensation has ever been
made; the accounting offioers of the Government
proporly holding: that, under section two of ail aot
approved August 23,18-12, (5 Statutes-at-Largo, page
o10.)and8eGtion twenty-live of an act approved &u-
e:uht20,18J2,(5Statutcs-at-Large,page533,)noperson
in any branch of the public sorvico whose pay was
iixcd by Jaw, or regulations, could receive any addi-
tional pay m any form whatever, for any other ser-
vice or duty whatever, unless the same and the ap-
propriation therefor be explicitly set forth that it is
for such additional pay or extra allowance, While
this &eivice was provided for there was no explicit
appropriation of money in favor of the claimant.
.the committee have agreed, however, that he
ought to be paiil lor the service, and recommend the
passagedi the accompanying resolution for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the amount of
the extra sum which it is proposed to pay to
this man?
Mr. HOLMAN. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. BENJAMIN. For what length of time ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it is for a period
of something over three years.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I understand this case
correctly, the facts are these: Congress di-
rected the preparation of certain maps by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The Commissioner directs or details one of his
fourth-class clerks to perform that duty, and
this individual is engaged upon the work for
two or three years, receiving all the time the
highest amount that is paid to any of the clerks
in the Land Office. And now this bill proposes
to pay him $1,000 a year, or about that amount
extra. I do not suppose that this individual
labored any harder upon this work than ho
would have done upon any other work that
might have been allotted to him as a lourth-
class clerk in the Land Office. If I am not mis-
taken this bill has been before Congress ere
now, and has been defeated, if I recollect
rightly.
Mr. HOLMAN. What the gentleman says
is not correct. The claim has been before
Congress ever since it arose, but it has never
received the distinct disapproval of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What comes to pretty
nearly the same thing, it has never passed this
House; and I am unable to see any reason why
it should pass now. This person may have
been a very competent clerk. Of course he
was a competent clerk, or he would not have
been assigned to that duty. And no person
should occupy the position of a fourth-class
clerk in the Land Office or anywhere else who
is not competent. This was a mere assign-
ment of duty upon the part of the Commis-
sioner of tho General Land Office. There was
nothing extra about it. This person worked
no harder at that duty or for any greater length
of time than he would have done if employed
upon any other duty, and I see no reason why
he should be paid $3,000 extra for that service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot add anything in
support of this claim to what is stated in the
report of the committee. This gentleman did
certainly perform the two sets of duties well,
and in the opinion of the committee he dis-
charged both of them efficiently. He wasgiven
this extra service under the employment of the
House Committee on the Public Lands, and at
the same time was performing his duties as clerk
in tho General Land Office, with the same
fidelity as if those had been his only duties.
This compensation is for services outside of
the usual office hours. I do not think any claim
of this kind has been before this House which
was more entitled to favorable consideration
than is this claim. The Committee of Claims,
after a very careful consideration of the sub-
ject—after it was recommitted to them by the
House, when they had already onee reported
upon it favorably—are, I think, entirely tmani-
mous in the opinion that it is a very small
amount for the services rendered. It is certi-
fied to by the Commissioner of Public Lands, i
not a relative of this gentleman, but a person
01 a different family, although of the same
name. I think this is a very reasonable allow-
ance indeed, and one which should be made.
It is much less than many -members of the
committee thought would be right; but I my-
self thought that $3,000 would be a fair com-
pensation for the extra services rendered by
this person.
Mr. CONGER. How long ago >v$s this
service performed?
Mr. HOLMAN. The services were rendered
in tt)0 years 184!), 1850, 1851, and 18u2.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a claim more than
twenty years old.
Mr. HOLMAN, The Committee of Claims
purposely declined to act on this matter for a
long period of years, because Mr, Wilson was
then in tho public employment. If any claim
of this character should receive the favorable
consideration of tins House this certainly is
one.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I desire to say, in justice
to this claimant, that this case was presented
to a Committee of Claims before the war, I
think in the Thirty-Fifth or Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, when I had tho honor of serving on that
committee. The case was very favorably con-
sidered by a portion of the committee ; I do
not remember whether a report wna actually
made on it or not. Of course any one who
knows Mr. Wilson would know that he would
not press such a claim as this on Congress while
the country was engaged in a war.
Mr. IIOLMAN. This claim would have
passed long ago, but the Committee of Claims
was consistent in the bolief that -it should ho
paid out of tho contingent fund of this House,
inasmuch as tho service wns performed for the
House and by order of the House, I think my-
self it should be paid out of that fund ; but
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] was very much opposed to
that, and this bill has been reported for the
purpose.
Mr. BENJ AM1N. Iff am not mistaken this
claim has been betore this House during every
Congress of which I have been a member, and
the House has universally rejected it,
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. WASIIBUliN, of Massachusetts. 1 ob-
ject to the statement made by the gentleman,
that a bill for the lelief of this claimant has
been rejected by the House in every Congress
since he and I have been membeia of Con-
gress.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr, Biixjam u,-] to with-
draw tho motion to lay on the table for a few
moments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly, I will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bex.umix] has made a
statement that this clerk in the Department
was simply detailed to do this duty; and that he
worked no more than if he had not been as-
signed to I his duty. inthat-thcgeatlemauis mis-
taken. This clerk was employed under resolu-
tion of this House. Every one here knows that
the clerks in the Departments are required to
perform only about six hours' service each day;
this clerk, tor three years, worked laboriously
on this piece of work, which was put upon j
him because of his extensive expeiienco in i
the land department. Tho service he rcn- ;
dered was of incalculable value to 'lie country.
He was lequircd, by resolution of this House, j
to do this work for the House ; and working |
day and night, after and before office hours, I
he accomplished it. I say again that the work !
he performed has been of incalculable service ;
and for doing that service it cannot be ques-
tioned that he is entitled to compensation.
Mr. McOORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire of the gentleman if this work did not j
require a-ranch higher order of ability than ia
possessed by ordinary clerks?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Yes, sir j andthe
Government availed itself of the services of a
very skillful jnan to perform this work, and he"
did it to the entire satisfaction of Congress. A
resolution was passed by this House that he
should be paid out of the contingent fund of
the House; but for soma reason or other that
was not done, After he has gone op, accord-
ing to the directions of the House, and per-
formed this work, it certainly can make no
difference how old the claim may be, for it is
a just and equitable one and should be paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew tho motion to
lay this bill on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes eight, noes not counted.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call tho previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it, was accordingly road the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-\Vri,r,IA3I P. TIIQMASON.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the
same committee, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of William P. Thomason; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to William P. Thomason, out of the appro-
priation for tho Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, $477 70, to reim-
burse him for judgments and costs imposed
by the court of common pleas of Jefferson
county, Kentucky, for acts performed in the
legal discharge of his duties as an officer of the
United States.
Sir. ELDIMDGI£._ As I understand, this
bill proposes to provide for the payment of a
judgment obtained against this man for some
actot his "in tho legal discharge of his duties,"
which, it seems to me, is a solecism. It is
hardly possible that any man could have a
judgment passed against him for acts commit-
ted " in tho legal discharge of his duties."
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. It was a judg-
ment, ol a Kentucky court. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I do not think that that
alters the case. I have no doubt tho courts
of Kentucky are as much in the habit of doing
justice as are tho courts ot Wisconsin. I have
never heard any complaint against them. It
seems to me an absurdity to speak of a judg-
ment rendered against a man for an act per-
formed while in the "legal discharge of his
duties." Yet that is the language of the bill.
I would like to hear the report.
The report was read, Itstates that Thomason
was oil the 0th of duly, I860, duly appointed
superintendent of the affairs of the Bureau of
Refugees, Frccdmen, and Abandoned Lands
for Jeffcrson county, Kentucky, and discharged
the duties thereof according to !<iw and the pre-
scribed regulations of the chief of the bureau
until the liith of March, 1807, when his resig-
nation was accepted, and he was honorably
discharged. In the performance of big official
duties he inflicted lines and imprisonment ou
two lawless characters in Louisville for out-
rages committed upon two colored females. In
revenge for this each of the offenders brought
an action against him in the court of common
pleas of Jefi'erson county, Kentucky, for assault
and battery and false imprisonment, to which-
he pleaded "not guilty," and defended him-
self, but of which he was convicted, suffering
in judgments and costs to the amount of
