8652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
utate to the Senator from Nebraska that if he
caught the word he used correctly, "infa-
mously," it is not parliamentary.
Mr. TIPTON.- The Senator from Nebraska
may have used that word, and if it is unparlia-
mentary he takes it back emphatically, and is
very sorry that it has already done its office
before the country. [^Laughter.]
.Mr. President, this is not the first time that
position has been taken in the Senate of tho
United States, to do what? Assert here that
a certain proposition originated with a Dem-
ocrat in the llouse of Representatives; and
iw account of the fact that it commenced with
a Representative of the Democratic party in
the llouse of Representatives, therefore the
Senator from Missouri wishes the country to
understand that we, who are voting,for this
proposition and against him on this subject,
are following the lead of the Democrat of the
llouse of Representatives. Sir, his master—
I desire to be not unparliamentary—1 sa'y the
editor of tfce Chronicle has been practising that
gamg-upon Senators in this Chamber for many
months past. In order to bring men to terms
and into the traces ou the subject of the Bing-
ham amendment to the Georgia bill it was
averred in the paper that it' we voted for that
proposition we voted in accordance with the
Democracy of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives, and wo were dared to do that
act in the face of our constituency. And, sir,
before it was ascertained how that question
would be settled in the Senate of the United
States it was uttered here in prophecy that the
Bingham amendment never could be carried
by the votes of Republicans in the House of
Representatives or in the Senate but in con-
junction with the voles of the members of the
Democratic party 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the bill to fin-
force the fifteenth ameudment is now regularly
before the Senate, upon which the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled tothefloor.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator from
Michigan will allow rue to make a motion that
we lay aside for the present all other questions
and proceed with this adjournment resolution,
so that we may be done with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania can arrive at his object by moving
to pass over the pending bill.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill can be laid aside
informally without any objection.
Mr. CAMERON. Any way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks that the pending bill be laid
aside informally. Is there any objection to
that course?
Mr. SUMNER. How did the Senator from
Pennsylvania get the floor?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe this is a little
irregular.
Mr. SUMNER. Does not the floor belong
to the Senator from Michigan ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor on the
pending bill; but under the new rule adopted
by the Senate any Senator has a right to take
the floor from him to make a motion to pass
over the pending proposition, the same as he
could take the floor to raise a point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. When the floor is in pos-
session of another Senator ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes; it is bo
stated by the rule ; it has been so decided by
the Vice President; and it has been so held by
the Senate upon an appeal taken from the
decision of the Chair by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurhan.] A motion to pass over has
the same rights as a question of order.
Mr. CAMERON. That is my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to pass over the
pending bill, the result of which will be tojeave
il in its place on the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. For the purpose of end-
ing this debate and settliug tho question of
adjournment.
Mr. STEWART. I would rather have tho
bill passed over informally if this debate can
be ended in any reasonable time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objected to tho Senator from
Michigan being taken from the floor except by
this motion, which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is privileged to make.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I suggest that we
pass over the pending bill informally and seo
whether the adjournment debate will end soon.
Mr. HO WARD. If there be no appeal from
the ruling of the Chair I suppose this motion
to pass the other bill by informally is in order,
and I can make no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho pending
motion is in order; but the Senator from Penn-
sylvania would have no right to take the Sen-
ator from Michigan off the floor for the purpose
of asking consent to have the bill which is the
uutinished business of yesterday informally
passed over. There are only two motions
which are by the new rule entitled to the same
precedence aud to be treated in tho same way
as questions of order: one to pass over the
pending subject, and tne other to place it at
the foot of the Calendar. The rule states that
these two motions shall have all the rights of
a question of order, which may be made at any
time, under any circumstances.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it desirable that
this question of adjournment should be settled.
I think we shall save time by settling it.
Mr. STEWART. Then let us consent to pass
over the pending bill informally.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection to passing by the pending bill in-
formally ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
one remark, if it is allowable. The Senator
from Pennsylvania expresses a wish that the
question of adjournment may be determined
at tho present time. There is nothing that I
know of in the way of it except the bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment, over which
the Senate has been exercised so severely for
the last three or four days. True, there are
stftne trifling matters remaining behind ; but if
that bill were disposed of I think we could
make considerable progress with business.
Mr. STEWART. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to pass over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the pending bill was to be passed over inform-
ally.
Mr. SUMNER. No, there is no " informal"
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to passing over informally, subject to a
call for the regular order, the bill to enforce
the fifteenth amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. That is not my motion.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator from
Pennsylvania insists on his original motion,
which is to pass over the pending bill.
Mr. STEWART. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect of
passing it over is to continue the consideration
of the resolution in regard to adjournment.
On this motion the Senator from Nevada asks
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask another thing. If
it is pas.-ed over, I want to inquire of the Chair
whether the appropriation bill will be next in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not, except
by a vote of the Senate. If the unfinished
business should be passed over, the Chair will
state, although this motion is not debatable,
that the effect would be to continue the con-
sideration of the resolution in regard to ad-
journment until it be terminated, when the
Senate would resume the consideration of the
bill in regard to the fifteenth amendment, sub-
ject, of course, to its being postponed and any
other bill taken up by a majority vote.
Mr. HOWARD. On the determination of
the question of adjournment this bill relating
to the fifteenth amendment will be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will again
come up, because it was interrupted solely for
the purpose of continuing the consideration
of the matter pending at one o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. So I understood.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 21; us follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Uorcimui,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cnsserly, Cor-
bett, Davis, l-'enton, .Kerry, Flanagan, L'owier, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
llamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard. Howell, John-
ston, KoIIosk, MeCrocry, llcvcls, Robortson, Scott,
'i'hurman, Tipton, Viekers, and Willey—31.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Cnigin, Drake,
IIowo, McDonald. Morrill of Maino, Morton, Nye,
l'ool, llico, Koss,Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, and Wil-
liams—III.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard,Carpenter, ®at-
tcll, Conkling, Edmunds, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Poineroy, Pratt,
Ramsey,Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stockton,Wil-
son, and Yates—20.
So the motion to pass over was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate con-
tinues the consideration of the resolution in
regard to adjournment, on which the Senator
from Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, 1 was remark-
ing with some degree of feeling on this subject
that we have been notified repeatedly on this
floor, and wo have been held up to the gaze
of our constituency and of the country on the
charge that a portion of the Republican Sen-
ators are voting with the Democratic party;
and the prophecy was made that the principle
of the Bingham amendment could never pass
the Senate unless by the surrender of a portion
of the Republican party to the Democracy.
Now, by reference to the vote by which the
substance of that proposition passed the Sen-
ate, as incorporated with the amendment of
the Senator fr®m Kansas, [Mr. Pomeuoy,] it
will be found that that proposition finally passed
the Senate by a clear Republican majority of
at least two. The prophecy, therefore, in that
instance, failed most signally; and, if necessary,
there were one or two other votes, I appreheud,
which might have been added to the number.
And now what I say on this subject I desire
Senators to bear, for what I say is vital to the
interest of that party to which I have been
devoted from the first hour of its organization.
We are, in the first place, as a Republican
party, composed of elements of the old organ-
izations of this country ; we are from the old
Whig party; we are from the old Liberty party ;
we are from the Democratic party. We have
come together from all those different organ-
izations, and it is to be expected, therefore, that
we shall often differ among ourselves on ques-
tions vital to the great issues that have been at
the basis of our organization. If we do not
concede to each other the right to differ, with-
out being stigmatized as being recreant to our
party, then the result will be, where Senator:)
from a State differ, where members from a
State differ, where a portion of them have been
arraigned and read out of the party, that they
will go home to their constituency and demand
a vindication of their conduct. Then what have
you? Then you have a split in the party,
brought about by the anathemas of men in the
Senate and in the House of Representatives,
and an effort to degrade men in the eyes of
their constituency because they have voted
according to their convictions of right.
How am I to know, when the roll call in the
Senate of the United States is proceeding,
and I voting upon my convictions of duty,
that when the count shall be made up finally
I shall be with members of the Democratic
party or with a pure Republican vote ? 1 cast
my vote on principle; 1 cast it under my
solemn oath as the representative of a State.
After having done that, to save myself from
