1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
occasions that we did not feel warranted in
recommending that this feature be dismissed.
As to the cost, I beg to say a word to the
Senator. The headings are stereotyped ; it
costs something to do it. The only question
of expense is the value of the paper and the
labor bestowed in striking off the additional
copies. That is the only expense in furnish-
ing the blanks; so that, taking the whole cost
together, while it would save something no
doubt to dispense with one copy, the commit-
tee thiuk it would be running an undue risk,
parting with an element of certainty which they
were assured had been useful heretofore, and
for which no argument can be made except
that growing out of the saving of whatever the
cost might be. Of course it is a matter about
which the committee have no feeling and no
judgment beyond that which I state. The
Senate will act as they see fit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to prolong
the time or debate tliis question, but only to
say that I do not think it is quite clear that my
friend from New York is right about this par-
ticular proposition. My inclination is rather
the other way; but I am satisfied all these mat-
ters of detail can be more satisfactorily arranged
by a good committee of conference between the
two Houses who have studied the subject thor-
oughly, and who compare their views, than in
any other way. I therefore acquiesce in hav-
ing the substitute adopted as it is and the bill
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intended to offer an
amendment, but in view of the suggestion
which has been made that a committee of con-
ference can perfect the details of this measure
better and more thoroughly than we can here
in the Senate under the pressure of the pend-
ing business, I will not offer my amendment,
but submit it to the committee of conference.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment wasordered tobe engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
BIDS FOR HAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution:
Tlpzolved, That the joint resolution (S. R. No. 159)
authorizing the Postmaster General to proscribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by accepted
bidders, and for other purposes, bo placed upon the
Calendar of special orders.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to that measure
being made a special order. I have no ob-
jection to its being upon the Calendar of
orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on the Cal-
endar of general orders now; but there are
three special orders—the Georgia bill, the
Northern Pacific railroad bill, and the bill
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. STEWART. This joint resolution will
not take a minute and a half to pass it when it
is taken up; but it wants to be passed now it
ever, because sham bidders will accomplish
their purposes by delay for a little while, and
you will lose three or four hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the present
consideration of the measure j but I do not ob-
ject to the consideration of the resolution so
us to let the Senate determine whether they
will put the measure on the Calendar of special
orders ; and my friend from Kansas does not
object to the present consideration of the res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be considered as
before the Senate. It is before the Senate;
and it proposes to make the joint resolution
No. 159 a special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to its being made
a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and it requires unanimous
consent to continue the consideration of this
matter.
Several Senators objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection • is-
made, and the Georgia bill is before the
Senate.
MESSAGE EH05I THE HOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. Ii.
No. 1346) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 215) to amend
the usury laws of the District of Columbia.
The message likewise announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No._1594) to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorpor-
ate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust Com-
pany," approved March 3, 1865, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; which were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
The bill (H. R. No. 1542) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a tun-
nel under Niagara riverand to erect and main-
tain an inlet pier therefrom; and
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) m rela-
tion to the printing for the use of the Depart-
mentof State of additional copies of documents
emanating from that Department.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating a report from the
Secretary of State relative to results of the
proceedings of the joint commission at Lima
undertbe convention between the United States
and Peru of the 4th of December, 1868, in re-
lation to the claim of Estaban G. Montana, and
recommending an appropriation to discharge
the obligation of the United States in said case;
which was referred to the Committee on For'
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT USURY LAWS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amend-ment of tho
House to tho bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury
laws of tho District of Columbia having met, alter
full and iree conference hare agreed to recommend,
aud do recommend, to their respective Houses as
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of tho House, and agree to the same
with tho following amendments, namely :
In section one of the House amendment strike out
all after the word "that''in'lino one, and m nou
thereof insert tho following:
"The rate of interest upon judgments or decrees
and upon the loan or forbearance ofany money, goods,
or things in action shall continue to 00 Six aoliars
upon $100 for ono year, and after that rat© ipr a
greater or less sum, or for a longer or shorter time,
except as hereinafter provided."
In section four, line ten, strike out the words two
years." and insert in lieu thereof' ono year.
In section five, lino five, strike out the word
"stocks,'' and insert in lieu thereof the word
Infection five, lines six and seven, strike out the
following words: " February «o, 1363, and insert m
lieu thereof " June 3,1861."
And tfaat the House agree to the same.
11. HAMLIN,
J. S. HARRIS,
Manager?, on t.kc part of the Senate.
6URT0N C. COOK,
M.C.KERR,
ULYSSES MJ3RCUR,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concurred in.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill .(H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of - Georgia' to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Stewart, to strike out the
first proviso to the bill, in the following-words;
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
bo construed to vacate any of the offices now filled
in the State of Georgia, either by the election of
the people or by the appointment of tho Governor
thereof, by and with the advice and consent of the
senate of said State; neither shall this act be con-
strued to. extend the official term of any officer of
said State beyond the term limited by the constitu-
tion thereof, dating from' tho election fir appoint-
ment of such officer; nor to deprivo the people of
Georgia of tho right, under their constitution, to
clect Senators and Representatives of tho State of"
Georgia in tho yoar 1870; but said election shall ba
held in the year 1870, either on tho day named in said
constitution of said State or such other day as tho
present Legislature may designate by law.
Mr. POMEROY. I move a substitute for
the pending amendment, for the sake of test-
ing the sense of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that to be a substitute for the entire bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer it now as a sub-
stitute for the pending amendment, so as to test
the sense of the Senate. If it is carried the
next vote will be to strike out the rest of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Neyada, to strike out what is known as the
Bingham amendment. The Senator from Kan-
sas moves to amend that amendment by strik-
ing out the proviso and moving to insert what
will be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the existing government in the State of
Georgia is hereby declared to be provisional; and
the same shall continue subject to the provisions of
the acts of Congress of March 2, 1867, and March
23,1867, and of J uly 19,1887, until the admission of
said State, by law, to representation in Congress;
and for this purpose tho State of Georgia shall con-
stitute the third military district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That in accord-
ance with the provisions of and under tho powers
and limitations provided in said acts, an election
shall be held in said State on Tuesday, tho 15th day
of November, 1870, for all the members of the Gen-
eral Assembly of said State provided for in tho con-
stitution of said State adopted by its convention on
the 11th day of March, 18b8: at which election all
persons who by said constitution are electors shall
bo entitled to vole. And said General Assembly so
elected shall assemble at tho capital of said State
on the 13th day of December, 1870, and organize
preparatory to the admission of tho State to repre-
sentation in Congress; and tho powers and functions
of tho members of tho existing General Assombly
shall cease and determine on tho said 13th day of
December, 1870.
Mr. POMEROY. I have submitted this
amendment for the sake of getting a vote,
to ascertain the deliberate judgment of the
Senate whether they propose to admit Georgia
with its present constitution or not, because
this question of whether we shall prolong this
Legislature, or whether any amendment shall
be made to the bill as it passed the House, in
that respect cannot properly be considered
until we settle the question whether or not we
are to admit the State; and a vote on this
amendment of mine I think- will settle that
question. My deliberate judgment is that there
have been such irregularities in Georgia, so
that there are several claimants for seats in
this Senate from that State under the various
organizations, that it is better for tho people
of Georgia and for the cause of the country
that this question be again recommitted to the
people of Georgia under tho existing lsws_ of
Congress, and have full and ample protection,
to all the citizens there during this next elec-
tion, to occur, as I propose, on the 15th day
of November.
I am strengthened in this conviction by con-
sultation with members from that section of
the country. I have no hostile or hard words
to pronounce against this Legislature, or against
the Governor, or against anybody. Itis aques-
tion with me what is best, what ought Congress
to do; and my deliberate conviction is that
they should again require the question to be
passed on by the people of Georgia under full
and ample protection, and that should be done
