1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5541
But, Mr. President, the Senate now has the
practical fruit of that prohibition. Here are
the claims of citizens, which Have been exam-
ined by the Department, audited, and found
to be just. You put upon the Indian appro-
priation bill a clause which prohibits the with-
holding of a sufficient amount of moneys from
the Indian annuities to reimburse the settlers
f:>r these claims; and now you propose to
refuse to make this appropriation. You thus
say to the Indians that they may commit any
depredations they think proper upon the set-
tiers and that they shall be harmless; that
their annuities shall not be interfered with, and
that the Government will not reimburse them.
Sir, you have the fruit of that legislation now
and you will have it hereafter, and you will be
called upon at every session of Congress as
you are called upon now ; and I give the Sen-
ate notice, for one, that as long as I am here I
will call upon Congress for an appropriation
to reimburse the settlers for the depredations
committed by the Indians. You will hear it
from this time on, and we shall sec whether
the Congress of the United States will refuse
to do justice to the settlers out of this sickly
sentimentality and regard for the Indian.
Sir, it is time that justice was done to the
settlers as well as the Indians. I am for doing
justice to both. If the Indians are plundered
and robbed let those who commit the depreda-
tions suffer, and let the Government protect the
Indians; but I demand also that the Govern-
ment shall protect the settlers who have been
robbed and plundered by the Indians. That
very proviso which you put on the Indian ap-
propriation bill is an inducement to the Indians
to commit these very depredations, because you'
say to them, (and the fact will be made known
to them through their agents,) " Your annuities
cannot be interfered with; Congress has de-
clared that they shall not be, no matter what
depredations you may commit on the settlers."
I call the attention of the Senate to it now, and
I will hereafter on every occasion when the
question shall come up.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think this is a most proper
amendment. When this question was up before
on the Indian appropriation hill I said, as I
say now and as 1 think now, that the provis-
ion allowing the payment of Indian depreda-
tions out of the Indian annuities is a provision
i u preservation of the Indians themselves. But
for this you would have war upon your frontier
bristling every day. These men are simply
kept quiet when a depredation occurs because
they aro assured that at the next annuity pay-
ment their representations will bo heard by the
chiefs and headmen of the tribe, and by the
K^ent or superintendent of Indian affairs. If
jou take from them this recourse, if you say
to them that no payment shall be made in this
way, at once they will follow the Indian with
quick revenge; and what can you do? You
have five or ten or perhaps twenty thousand
soldiers scattered over a million square miles.
They could not be heard from in a month;
they cannot be seen in a year. You cannot
protect the Indian frontier in that way; you
have it not in your power. It is because of
the police exercised upon these Indians, first by
their agents and by the missionaries, and then
by the much-abused traders. _ It is the habit
whenever an Indian question is agitated_ in the
Senate or in the House of Representatives to
pursue with quick abuse the Indian traders.
Why, sir, tfiese men are small dealers ; men
with limited capital, of small means, devoting
tiieir life to earning a subsistence ; and when
the Government fails to support the Indians, as
it must eleven months out of the twelve in the
year—for all the Government gives to any one
of these tribes would not support them for one
month out of the twelve—to whom, then, do
they resort? To the Government agent or to
the Indian superintendent? No ; he has got
nothing. The law prescribes precisely what he
may do. He has so much ; he gives them so
much flour, so much pork, so much money
annuities. He soon distributes what he has,
and that is gone; and then, when the' Indian
is disposed to riot, to commence war, to com-
mence difficulty of any kind, who interposes
between the whites and him? This much-
abused trader.
The impression here is that by robbery of
one kind or another these traders enrich them-
selves. I have known hundreds of them ; they
live long among these people; they exercise a
good and healthy influence, and they invariably
die poor and leave their children to the support
of the tribe.
Mr. President, I again say that if the Govern-
ment withdraw from the frontier people this
recourse, this remuneration for depredations on
the part of the Indians, they ought to enlarge
their Army appropriations ten times at what
they are at present. You attach too much im-
portance to your Army. What are one, two,
three, or four regiments scattered over so im-
mense a country as that? It amounts to noth-
ing. I say again that if it were not for the
police exercised by the superintendents, by
the agents, by the missionaries, and by these
muoh-abused traders, you would have an In-
dian war every day. Your Arm}*- amounts to
nothing in point of fact. You hear reports
of what General this and General that does.
It does not, in significance, amount to a cipher
compared with what these other agencies do
all the time; and yet they get no reputation
for it. What they do and what they prevent
being done is not enlarged upon in the news-
papers, nor spoken of elsewhere; but they do
preserve the peace of the frontier, and it is
not done by your Army at all. I hope, then,
this recourse of the frontier settler for depre-
dations of the Indians will be preserved to
him.
Mr. CARPENTER. After the remarks of
the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer,] it
seems that this is not an amount of $17,000,
but it is the commencement of a continuing
claim to be made here at every session of Con-
gress so long as we live. Regarding it in that
light, I desire to put in my protest at the
commencement of this series of paying illegal
claims.
Mr. POMEROY. "Illegal?"
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir. It is time
for the Government to recognize the just claims
of the settler, we are told. Upon what prin-
ciple does this claim of the settler rest against
the Government? Is there any principle of
international law ; is there any principle of
public policy which ever made any Government
on earth a great insurance company to indem-
nify the losses of its people against public
enemies ? What would you say to a claim pre-
sented here by a man whose house was burned
down in the war of 1812? And yet, if the
Government is bound to protect its citizens,
and the citizen has a just claim, within the
language of that Senator, it applies as well to
a man whose house was burned by the British
as it applies to a man whose house is burned by
the Indian.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator cannot have
considered that this claim arises under a law,
the law of 1884, named in the amendment
itself.
Mr. CARPENTER. If there is. any such
law I want to vote to repeal it as soon as I can
get the opportunity.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has had a
good while to do it. It has been the law since
1834.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not happen to
be here as early as 1834, and if I had been I
should have voted against it; and now being
here I want to embrace the earliest opportunity
to vote against it. I will never vote to execute
such a principle, and I will vote to repeal such
a statute and efface it from the statute-book as
soon as I can get the opportunity.
If the. Government is bound to indemnify
the settler against the invasion of the Indian,
then it is bound to indemnify the Indian
against the intrusion of the white; and I want
to ask, what would become of our Treasury if
we were to assume to act upon the principle
of public policy, or national law, or-whatever
it may be called, laid down here by the Sen-
ator from Nebraska, because it cannot be a
one -sided protection ? If we are bound to pro-
tect the settlers against the Indians, vte fire
bound to protect the Indians against the set-
tlers ; and I should like to know precisely how
many millions would be required to indemnify
the red men against the intrusions and wrongs
committed upon them, upon their property and
possessions, by the intruding step of the white
man ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin certainly knows that this has been the law
from the earliest time.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then let it be repealed
at once.
Mr. RAMSEY. Although it has been the
law, so long, we have never appropriated mil-
lions, but a few hundred thousand dollars have
been sufficient to make all the compensation
required.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood from the
remarks of the Senator from Nebraska, as I
stated when I began, that this is the com-
mencement of a series of claims to be pre-
sented here year after year. I understood that
Senator to say that the ear of Congress would
be vexed as long as he lived, and he was going
to see whether Congress would have the face
and hardihood to deny the just claim of the
settlers. I deny that they have any just claim.
It is at most an appeal to the bounty arid gen-
erosity of the Government. It is not a claim
unless that Senator can make out and point to
some principle somewhere which declares that
the Government is an insurer of the property
of its citizens against public enemies. The
Government does not protect the property of
the citizens even against ordinary riots, much
less against the intrusions of warlike tribes of
Indians; and if there was any justice in the
principle it would work both ways; but, I take
it that Senator would hardly be willing to
establish a principle hero that every Indian
tribe might come and present its claim for
what it had lost by the intrusion of the white
men upon its possessions. They are shifting
and moving, and we are transferring them
year after year. Their reservations are taken
for railroads, and they are driven step by step
toward the Pacific ocean. Where is the atten-
tion of the Government to the just claim of
the Indian, because if the settler has a claim
the Indian has a claim, and as often as a row
takes place between the red men and the white
men, whoever loses comes to the Government
to be indemnified? That is not the idea of
the Senator from Nebraska. His idea is that
if the white man suffers by the Indian the Gov-
ernment is to pay him ; but if the Indian suf-
fers from the white man then he says let the
white man pay it. He would not argue here
for a moment that the Government ought to
indemnify the Indian, and yet I think he will
find it a little difficult to draw any distinction
between the claim of the settler against the
Indian and the claim of the Indian as against
the settler. If the Government is bound to
make good one loss, it is bound to make good
the other, and one is as much a claim as the
other; and to justify it as a claim, the Senator
must show some authority for the principle that
the Government is the insurer of the property
of its citizens.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Wis-
consin has illustrated how easy it is to put
a plain proposition in a fog. Now, sir, the
statute of 1834 declares in express terms that
if the Indians commit depredations, an amount
sufficient to reimburse the parties who have
been thus depredated upon shall be withheld
from their annuities. There is the plain prop-
osition of the law.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow jr.e to ask him a question, I want to
