1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
managers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers;
An act (S. No. 'J71 to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims ;
An act (S. No. 10-1 for the relief of the
daughter of General Charles II. Smith, de-
ceased ; ami
An act No. 46:1) for the relief of Victor
Beauboucher, late consul of the United States
at Jerusalem.
P0.<T ROAD IX PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STILES, bv unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1166) to establish a
post road in Pennsylvania; which was read a
iirst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post lloads.
1TR-I5EARING ANIMALS 1NT ALASKA.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, reported back, with amendments, from
the Committee on Commerce a bill (S. No. 82)
to prevent the extermination of fur-bearing
animals in Alaska; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MI7NGEN obtained leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. ARMSTRONG obtained leave of ab-
sence for one week.
Mr. LAWRENCE obtained leave of absence
for two weeks.
BLACKSMITHS AND ARTIFICERS IN TIIE ARMY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a memorial
from the cavalry and artillery officers of the
Army, advising, for reasons fully set forth
therein, that the pay of blacksmiths in the
cavalry and artificers of artillery be by law
augmented, and that the rank of sergeant or
corporal be conferred upon them ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
JAMES C. STRONG.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the report of the Adju-
tant General of the Army upon the claim of
James C. Strong, to be paid as colonel of the
thirty-eighth regiment of New York volunteers
daring the late war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
CHARGES AGAINST CLAIM AGENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in response
to a resolution of the House of February 11,
1870, a copy of the report of Brevet Colonel
Richard 1. Dodge upon the charges against
agents for the prosecution of claims for bounty
and pensions at Memphis, Tennessee; which
was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
CLAIM OF MRS. ANNE R. ELLIOTT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution of
the House adopted March 2, 1870, requesting
him to send to this House copies of all the j
papers now on file in his Department relating !
to the claim of Mrs. Anne R. Elliott, execu- !
trix of William Elliott, for restoration of lands [
at Hilton Head, South Carolina, together
with such views of the merits of the claim as
the examination thereof by the War Depart-
ment may suggest; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
RANGE LIGHTS ON ST. CLAIR RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in response to a
resolution of the House, adopted February 11,
1870, requesting him to report to the House at
his earliest convenience estimates for the con-
struction of range lights on the middle ground ;
in the St. Clair river opposite the city of St.
Clair, in the State of Michigan.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mitteeon Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
OSAGE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the encroach-
ments of white settlers upon the lands of the
Osage Indians in Kansas ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT PADUCA1I, KENTUCKY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the House dated February 16,
1870, requesting him to take into consideration
the erection of a suitable building at Paducah,
Kentucky, for the accommodation of the Uni-
ted States courts, post office, internal revenue,
customs, and other offices of the Government
located in that city, and to report to this House
his views in regard thereto, with such recom-
mendations as he may deem proper, together
with estimates of the cost of the building.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE RECEIPTS.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, showing the
gradual and steady increase of receipts from
internal revenue lor the several years ending
with each month, from June 1, 1869, to Janu-
ary 1, 1870, inclusive; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
EXPEDITION AGAINST PIEGAN INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in reply to a reso-
lution of the House dated March 4,1870, direct-
ing him to communicate to this Houseall inform-
ation in that Department relative to the late
expedition against the Piegan Indians; which
was referred to the Com mittee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
CHEROKEES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following paper, which the Clerk read as
follows:
Washington, d. C., March 8,1870.
Sir: Herewith we have the honor of presenting
through you to tho honorable the Congress of the
United States petitions signed by the qualified voters
of Tah-lc-quah, Coo-ie-skoo-ie, and Uoing Snake
districts of our nation. Petitions from the other six
districts of the (Jherokees, we are advised, will be
transmitted in a few days. These petitions have
been circulated among the Cherokee people, and it
will be seen that they are based upon the "right of
petition" secured to the Cherokees by their treaty
of 1846 with tho United States, and set forth sub-
stantially the objections of the Cherokee people to
any territorial form of government oyer them that
Congress may devise other than the international
government provided by tho treaties of 186(3 between j
the United States and the Cherokees, Creeks, Sem- J
inoles, Chickasaws. and Choctaws, to consist of a
' "general council," the genius and character of which
are clearly defined in said treaties. In th-o name of
the Cherokee people wo ask that these petitions
receive respectful consideration; and wo feel that
it is our duty to add that tho people of the Indian
nations of the Southwest are unanimous in their
aversion to the proposed territorial government.
We have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient, humble servants, r
LEWIS DOWNING, .
Principal Chief, Cherokee Nation.
samuel smith,
archie scooper,
j. p. davis,
C. N. VANN.
w. p. adair.
Cherokee Delegation.
Hon. James Gr. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The letter and the accompanying petitions
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LONDON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, ,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of State relative to the international
exhibition in Loudon, in 1871, with accom-
panying papers; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
votes by which bills and joint resolutions were
referred or recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF GEORGIA.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
yesterday, there had been a division on the
demand of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] for the previous question, and
the tellers reported that no quorum had voted.
The Chair will again order the tellers—Mr.
Butler of Massachusetts, and Mr. Farns-
wortii—to take their places.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I withdraw my oppo-
sition to the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnswortii] does not insist on
further count. It will be considered that the
previous question lias been seconded. Shall
the main question be now put?
The main question was ordered, which was
on agreeing to Mr. Bingham's amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to one hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
fifteen minutes of my hour to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood;] afterward, five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] and then I-shall decline to
yield to anybody.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss this bill, and have simply risen
for the purpose of entering- my protest against
it as one involving principles utterly subvers-
ive of our Government, and as establishing
a precedent which, if followed hereafter, will
break down all the reserved rights of the States
and of every power except that which is cen-
tered in Congress.
If, as is proposed by this bill, Congress can
extend the terms of State officers for a period
longer than that to which they were elected by
the people of the States, so can Congress in
the first instance create and appoint and name
those officers; and if Congress can do that there
is nothing left of State power, it being all ab-
sorbed within the congressional power. Now,
sir, against a precedent of this character, ad-
mitting that the power exists, which no sane
man can rise here in his place and state upon
his word and honor as a man does exist; but
supposing that it does, I hold that a precedent
of this character will create a feeling of insta-
bility, and will be so subversive of all other
rights except those centered here, as to be
tantamount to a revolution in our Government;
so that the only government which would exist
in the United States of America would be a con-
gressional oligarchy; and that any party, be it
the Democratic party or the Republican party,
who for the time being may be in possession
of the Executive and have a majority of both
Houses of Congress, that that party can, fol-
lowing this precedent, overturn the govern-
ment of any State in the Union. It will give
a partisan Government power over every local,
executive, and judicial authority through the
whole Union, not only with reference to the
Federal Government, but with reference to the
State governments.
Sir, I am not sure that this bill is not designed
to establish a precedent for immediate action
in the State of Tennessee. I have reason to
believe that if this bill becomes a law it will
be followed by a similar proposition applicable
to the State of Tennessee. Then other States
will be dealt with, until the power thus usurped
