1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
statement, headed "Departmental—Official
and Political:"
'1 Internal Revenue Affairs in CaliJ'nrnia.—A Wash-
ington correspondent telegraphs that Supervisor
Fulton, of Baltimore, who went to San Francisco a
short time ago to examine into revenue matters
there, especially in regard to whisky shipments to
that section, has forwarded his report to the Depart-
ment. Itappears thatthe Californiarevenueofficers
in attempting to protect local distillers have embar-
rassed the receipt of spirits from the Atlantic States
by seizures, thus provoking dissensions between the
mercantile interests of the Pacific coast and the mer-
chants of the East. Supervisor Pulton recommends
the release of the whisky seized. The report and
recommendations have been submitted to Com-
missioner Delano, and a commission of Revenue
Bureau officers have been approved and confirmed.
The matter has also been submitted to Secretary
Boutwell, and there is no doubt he will concar in the
recommendations also. Steps will be taken to pro-
vent the annoyance to eastern shippers in future."
The steps here promised to prevent annoy-
ance to eastern shippers in the future is doubt-
less to have officers on duty in California who
will not annoy such shippers, even if the offi-
cers have to be imported from Ohio and Wash-
ington. If the offices in California can be
filled by agents of the western whisky owners,
or at their dictation, such annoyance in the
future will cease. But the release of the liquor
has not yet been actually effected, the case,
being now, as stated, before the Secretary of
the Treasury. It was upon the presumption
that the matter would be determined by per-
sons subordinate to the honorable Secretary,
or that in the multitude of most arduous duties
devolving upon that very distinguished and
reliable officer it would be impossible for Mm
to make a personal examination of this case,
that I presented the resolution. Had I felt
that he could give the matter ample attention
I might have forborne the step, though it was
loudly called for by the report of Supervisor
Fulton, the recommendations of the solicitor
of the internal revenue department, and others.
Seeing a great wrong about to be perpetrated
upon my constituency, I interposed this reso-
lution to prevent it if possible. The resolution
I hope will be referred, as all joint resolutions
by the rules must be, when the committee can
make needed alterations, and then I hope it
will pass.
In justice to the officers in San Francisco I
now give the following telegraphic correspond-
ence between the office of the revenue collector
and the Commissioner at Washington.
On the 29th of July the following telegram
was sent:
San Francisco, July 29,1809.
Hon. C. Dklano, Commissioner, Washington :
Several hundred barrels of low-proof whisky land-
ing here from Ohio, Kentucky, and Illinois, in ori-
gmal warehouse packages, pronounced by experts to
be rectified. "What shall I do V
L. CURTIS,
Deputy Collector.
Answer:
Vi'asiiixgton, July 31,1S69.
L. Curtis, Deputy Collector, San Franeisco :
A nalyze contents, and if found to contain any for-
eign matter or to be rectified, seize and report finally.
C. DELANO,
Commissioner.
Mr. Curtis then placed samples in the hands
of several chemists, and received the following
certificates from them :
San Frascisco, Jv.lu 30, 1869.
Sir : Thesample of high-wines on evaporation leaves
a residue of eighty-live hundredths of one percent,
of sugar and a little coloring matter.
Yours, respectfully,
JAMES HOWDEN.
Heury P. "VFakelf.e, esq.
Dear Sin: The above statement is the result of
analysis of the sample of high-wines you left with
me, by my chemist, Mr. Howden.
Yours, respectfully,
H. P. WAKELEE.
Mr. Curtis.
State Assayer's Office,
Sax Frakcisco, August 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I have carefully analyzed the sample
of alcohol marked " Stag Head." placed in my hands
for examination by you, and find the same to contain
one fifth of one per cent, of sugar.
Respectfully, yours,
[Scal.J LOUIS FALKNEAU,
Slate Aesayer,
Mr. L. Curtis.
Several experts were consulted, all of whom
agreed in pronouncing the liquors rectified
liquors ready for delivery as beverage over the
bar.
In compliance with the above instructions
Mr. Curtis seized about two thousand fire hun-
dred barrels of whisky. This took place about
the 12th and 15th of August; and so the
matter rested until it was determined that
by hook or by crook these spirits should be
released.
After making the seizure Mr. Curtis reported
the same to Commissioner Delano, and on the
16th day of September he sent samples of the
principal lots seized, with a copy of the certifi-
cate of analysis, and asked that the matter be
left to the decision of the United States courts.
The law requires that spirits shall be run di-
rectly from the still through closed pipes to a
receiving cistern in a room of which a United
States officer keeps the key; it is then drawn
off into barrels and immediately placed in the
distillery warehouse, first affixing a warehouse
stamp, and it remains in custody of the store-
keeper till the tax is paid, when a tax-paid
stamp is affixed, and the spirits are then de-
livered to the owner. Up to this time it will
be observed that the spirits contained in those
casks and represented by those stamps must be
pure high-wines. If after that it undergoes
any change, either by redistilling, sweetening,
or coloring, the warehouse and tax-paid stamps
must be erased and a rectifier's stamp put on.
Under this interpretation of the law the seizure
was made.
And a more careful, dispassionate, and de-
liberate procedure can hardly be pointed out
in the whole history of the revenue service.
Every step was taken that could be taken to
determine the fraudulent character of the
spirits, and when that fact was determined be-
yond a peradventure and by the direction of
the head of the bureau the seizure was made,
but, of course, without the expectation that
strenuous exertions would so soon be made
from the same source for the release of the
property and the destruction of the officers
seizing it.
Justice to my constituency requires that I
should take notice of the following dispatch,
which bears the distinct ear-marks of an eman-
ation from interested parties here :
" Chicago, December 22.—The Tribune's Washington
special dispatch says Supervisor Fulton, who went to
San Franeisco in reference to the large seizures of
eabtern whisky belonging to Kentucky and Ohio
parties, reports to Commissioner Delano recommend-
ing the release of the whisky. lie expresses the
opinion that the shipment from New York was in
regular order, and the changc in the color com-
plained of as evidence of fraud was due to charring
the barrels. The evidence goes to show that the
deputy collector was in a plan to dm e out aud keep
out eastern whisky. _ It is also charged that leading
financial influences in San Francisco combined for
that purpose ; and as part of that scheme no quota-
tions ofwhisky appeared in the papers of that city
for three months. When the late removals of rev-
enue officers were made three different names were
submitted to Commissioner Delano by the 'ring,'
but on investigation it was discovered that charges
were pending against each of the persons recom-
mended, which, it proved, should send them to the
penitentiary.''
I hold in my hand files of the Commercial
Herald and Market Review and San Fran-
cisco Market Review which show that full
and complete quotations of whisky have ap-
peared regularly inthepapers ofSan Francisco.
The other leading papers oc that city exhibit
the same fact, and that misstatement is fully
exploded.
The statement that there "was a plan to
drive outandkeep out eastern whisky" is equally
groundless. The plan is to compel eastern
whisky to pay the just exactions of the Gov-
ernment as the whisky manufactured in Cali-
fornia is compelled to do, nothing more. When
it has done that it will find as uninterrupted a
market in California as in any other pari of the
country whatsoever. So far from there being
a plan to drive out eastern whisky, no person
on that side of the continent except the seiz-
ing officers knew anything about it, and so far
as they know the Commissioner alone on this
side knew of it.
It is heralded to the world that" three differ-
ent names were submitted to Commissioner
Delano by the ring." What ring? The names
were submitted by me alone, for their eminent
fitness, and without consultation with any one
and not in pursuance of the request of any
person. But such are the desperate straits
to which the whisky interests are driven, and
such their base resorts.
The office of collector of internal revenue in
San Francisco became vacant December 8,
by the death of the incumbent; and not only
three names, as stated in that dispatch, but an
additional half dozen of the most reputable
citizens of California were submitted in turn to
fill the vacancy, and it will astonish many good
people to learn that those names were all sent
by Commissioner Delano through the telegraph
to these strangers from Ohio, Fulton and
Cowan, to report upon their fitness; and that
those worthies reported that they were all unfit
men, and some of them, not naming which,
were guilty of crimes. The names so submit-
ted were all gentlemen of the highest character
and most unblemished reputation in San Fran-
cisco, where they reside; but these Ohio whisky
emissaries have the unbridled audacity and
nnparalleled impudence to pronounce them
unworthy the trust for which they were named.
But'1 steps were to be taken to preve nt annoy-
ance to eastern shippers in future."
Millions of dollars have been made by send-
ing untaxed whisky to California, and the
business must not be interrupted. The Gov-
ernment has been defrauded out of these mil-
lions, and this cheating must be continued.
To accomplish these ends the whisky thieves,
the defrauders of Government, must have the
selection of their own agents to fill the offices
in California; and before the death of the late
lamented Collector Rawlins—as honest a man
as his most excellent brother, the late Secre-
tary of War—it was determined by Fulton
and Cowan to remove him and put in his place
one who could more easily be handled for
their interests.
I confidently expect the cooperation of the
Senate, and of the President, and of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to prevent a consum-
mation of these outrages. No community
in this Republic has ever before been sub-
jected to such indignities. The magnitude of
the insult is only equaled by its boldness, its
audacity.
The impression is prevalent that the tax upon
distilled spirits is collected up pretty closely
under the present administration of theinternal
revenue office. This is a mistake ; a very large
amount escapes taxation entirely. The popular
error arises from the fact that during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, the tax collected
upon spirits amounted to only $18,655,631;
whereas during the next fiscal year (the last)
the amount from the same source was $45,026,-
402. But to reach the true state of the case it
should be borne in mind that on the 1st of
July, 1868, twenty days before the passage of
the law reducing the tax upon spirits from two
dollars a gallon to half a dollar, there were in
bonded warehouses, well secured for taxation,
the enormous amouut of 27,278,420 gallons.
The tax upon this at that time would have
amounted to $54,556,840, which added to that
actually collected would have summed up for
that year §73,212,471. But the spirits in
bonded warehouses were required by the law
of July 20, 1868, to be withdrawn and the tax
paid thereon before the end of the last fiscal
year ; so that the tax npon this large amount
in warehouse was added to the tax upon the
manufacture ofthatyear, andthere has actually
been collected upon the manufacture of the last
fiscal vear the tax upon considerably less than
40,000,000 gallons. It is true that during the
same period there were manufactured, in addi-
tion, some 16,000,000 gallons, which remained
in bonded warehouses tax unpaid. It appears
