1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3653
the anathema that comes from over the way,
I must change my vote, if on the count on the
yeas and nays list I find that a majority of
"the Democratic party have agreed with me,
and therefore we are in the majority of the
Senate of the United States! If I choose to
do that, and abandon my convictions, because
the small number of Democrats in the Senate
have fallen in and voted with enough Repub-
licans to make a majority of the Senate—if I
thus unman myself and degrade myself before
the country, and go over to the assumed lead-
ership of the Republican party in the Senate, I
can avoid these anathemas and denunciations !
Sir, this course of conduct has been contin-
ued so long that it has become utterly unbear-
able. I say, for the harmony of the Repub-
lican party, it is time that it should cease in
this Hall. I say that unless it ceases in this
Hall there will be harmony neither here nor
elsewhere. Men will go on their votes before
their constituency, if they are not so craven as
to fear the face of that constituency.
Denounced as we were in this Senate, I took
nay position on the Georgia question boldly,
distinctly, and emphatically; and I am sus-
tained at home, though I was denounced here,
for the course I took. I court investigation;
I court a scrutiny into my votes. I throw them
before the face of every constituent I have, and
tell him, there is the record. If he can stand
it I can; and if he cannot, I am the sworn
representative of the State of Nebraska on
this floor, and while I occupy that position no
species of dragoonism, as it has been desig-
nated by the Senator from Pennsylvania, will
drive me for one single moment from occupy-
ing such positions as I feel I ought to occupy,
whether 1 am sustained by any Republican vote
on this Senate floor or not. . ;
If we are not to vote with the Democrats of ,
the Senate, may they not vote with us? I raise
that question; may they not vote with us?
When the Republicans are equally divided in
the Senate may not the Democracy be permit-
ted, by the grace of God and some principle
that perhaps may be found in the Constitution
of the United States, to choose with which
wing of the Republican party in the Senate
they will vote? That question had better be
settled, I suppose, and we had better decide
whether they shall vote or not; and if they are
to vote, the question will be with which branch
of the Republicans shall they vote when there
is a division on this floor. Let gentlemen settle
that before they undertake to talk about Repub-
licans voting for propositions that have received
Democratic votes in the Senate of the United
States. •
Mr. NYE. I rise to inquire what is tlje
question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The question is
on the final adjournment of this session of Con-
gress. [Laughter.]
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I trust that
all the gentlemen who have entertained the
views against which I protest this morning will
forget their course on this subject and cease
to pursue it as completely and totally as the
oblivious Senator from Nevada, [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. It has been suggested to
me to try the question again on " Friday, the
8th of July," as a day which gives us the most
of the week. We can adjourn on Friday even-
ing, and that will give us the entire week.
Monday, the 4th, being a holiday, it would
be almost equivalent to adjourning on the 1st;
but by making it the 8th we thereby extend
the session about a week, and that will enable
us, in my opinion, to complete all necessary
business. That will give us some forty-seven
or forty-eight days. We shall then have sat
about eight months. I believe it is necessary
that we should adjourn in order ta give the
business community some quiet. I believe
they demand that whatever we do now we
shall do promptly, so that they may know what
they are to depend upon. The tariff bill has
virtually been disposed of in the House of
Representatives, as I am told, and it is not
expected that it will pass at this session. The
bill for the reduction of taxes will soon be
before the Senate, as indicated by the Senator
from Ohio.
After the disposition of that bill and the ap-
propriation bills, which are now being taken
up in the House and acted upon, and, as I
understand, are to be disposed of at once, we
shall then have but very little legislation that i
really requires us to remain here. There are
other bills, of course, before us that can be
taken up and disposed of in the evening ses-
sions ; I refer to private bills. In this way,
and by the time I have suggested, we can
dispose of nearly all thq necessary business.
I believe if we fix upon Friday, the 8th of
July, as the day of adjournment we shall dis-
pose of all the necessary business by that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon, fixing Friday, the •
8th of July, as the day of final adjournment.
Mr. ROSS. When this resolution first came
from the House of Representatives I was in-
clined to supportit. But, in my judgment, the 1
history of the last week or ten days has demon- >
strated very clearly the impossibility of com- J
pleting the business now before us within the
time named. Sir, we are here to transact the
public business of the country, and not for
our own convenience, We are paid by the year
i to do that business. It is our duty to transact
; that business, whether we do it in three months,
nine months, or even twelve months. It is our
business and our duty as well as our right to :
remain here until that business is concluded.
I It will be seen by reference to the Calendar
, of business that there is a large number of
1 bills now pending before the Senate which are
; not of general importance to the country at
i large, bat which are of very great moment to
I the States from which they emanate. We are
; here to do that business just as well as the
: business in which the whole country is inter-
| ested. These States have a right to be heard ,
| here. The gentlemen who have offered those
! bills have declined to interfere with the great .
j national questions which have been before us,
: feeling that it was no more than right and
i proper that they should be first settled ; but j
! when they are once settled they have a right to ■
the time of the Senate for the consideration of
these other measures. I insist that to fix the
time for adjournment now, especially the time
named in the resolution or tlie amendment, 1
would be a wrong to the States from which
those measures emanate. And inasmuch as
the considerations of party have been referred
to, I will say that it would be imprudent and
indiscreet, so far as our party is concerned, for
the reason that we are here to do that business
as well as business of a more national char-
acter ; and we cannot afford to leave here
until that business is done.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I claim the privilege to
make a remark. It would certainly be im-
proper for me to undertake to lecture the Sen-
ate on the subject of adjournment. I do not
presume to even suggest the propriety of any
diJJr; for I am as' yet scarcely familiar with my
seat here. But, sir, in response to remarks
that have been made, I feel it to be, to some
extent, my duty to place myself right. It has
been made known to us by my distinguished
friend from Missouri that this is a matter that
the country is to pass upon. For the vote that
I propose to give on this question, for the votes
I have already cast, which are recorded, I feel
the responsibility, and am ready to meet it
with a great deal of cheerfulness ; and I appre-
hend they will receive nothing but ah unquali-
fied approval.
Now, sir, so far as combinations are con-
cerned—that was the language used by my dis-
tinguished friend—1 have made no combina-
tion with auy one. I disclaim tha,t idea in toto.
So far as I was concerned, I knew not whence
the resolution originated, whether from a Dem-
ocrat or a Republican. It was my purpose to
look to it as to its merits, and not to the one
side or the other so far as politioal questions
were to be invoked. I do not occupy such a
stand-point. And, sir, permit me to say here
that I do not like to be accused, even re-
motely—for surely I know my friend would not
accuse me directly—of joining the Democracy.
"Blessed is he who holdeth out to the end."
I meet my friend, and let time show who goes
over to the Democracy first. I do not wish to
intimate that he ever will do so; but I think it
is unnecessary on my part, after living to tlia
age I have reached, to do so. In all the polit-
ical charges that have been preferred against,
me—and they have not been few—in the course
of my career I have never been charged with
being a Democrat. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I know nothing as to the propriety
of the day thftt is proposed for adjournment.
But it seems to me that if Congress have not
discharged the dutfes that were required of
them by the people of this great nation during
the number of months they have been sitting
here, they might, perhaps, Have done so. I
have nothing to say on that subject. I pre-
sume that they have done everything that they
could do, and properly. There is no question
with me on that branch of the subject. I was
a little amused, however, with the discussion
that has grown up here so pleasantly this morn-
ing, and particularly to see the line taken by
the gentleman from Nebraska.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have noth-
ing to say of Democrats or of Republicans." I
wish to make an appeal for the business of the
country. I hold in my hand a bill printed and
laid on our tables to-day fbr the first time,
being "A bill to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," reported by Mr. Scuenck,
from the Committee of Ways and Means. On
looking at it I find that it contains eighty-six
solid folio pages, and I learn from outside in-
formation that it has beefi very thoroughly con-
sidered and prepared with the assistance of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. This
bill has not yet been considered in the other
House. It baa not yet reached this Chamber
except ip the copy before ns. And still it is pre'
pared now to fix in advance a date of adjourn-
ment which in all probability—I may say,
indeed, necessarily—will preclude definitive
action in this Chamber on this important meas-
ure. Why, sir, it is a bill to reduce internal
taxes. Are Senators ready to go home leaving
that duty unperformed? 1 wish to act upon it.
I wish to reduce internal taxes, I know that the
country expects us to perform that duty, and I
know, too, that if we go home leaving it unper-
formed we shall justly be called to account.
But the bill not only proposes a reduction
of internal taxes; it revises the whole system
of internal taxes. Those of us who were in this
Chamber when that system was first introduced
know the painful weeks that we passed in con-
sidering it, day by day, hour by hour, under the
lead of the distinguished Senator from Maine
who has been taken from US- Weeks rllnning
| over into months even were passed; and yet
I it is proposed so to abridge the session that
you cannot give to this subject even hours.
Why, sir, it is to make a sacrifice of this im-
portant measure.
This is not all. Here is the Calendar of
business, being the last put upon our tables,
bearing date May 16, 1870, and I find that it
contains twenty pages of general orders. How
many of these, think you, can be voted on if
we adopt now an early day of adjournment?
Very few. And permit me to say that those
who do vote for an early adjournment act on
the principle of the navigator who throws over-
board the cargo in order to gdtinto port. They
make jetsam—I use the technical term of the
profession—of important public business, in
order to shorten the voyagq.
Now, sir, I cannot sympathize with any such
proceeding. We are not sent here for such a
purpose. We are sent here to perform the
