454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
e 7
therefore, that the total amount of distilled
spiritsaccounted for to the revenue department
for the year ending June 30, 1809, of the man-
ufacture of that year, was less than 56,000,000
gallons. The amount of distilled spirits pro-
duced in the year 1860 was 88,002,988 gallons.
The product has been steadily increasing, and
it must be apparent to the most casual observer
that many million gallons escape taxation every
year even under the present moderate exaction
of fifty cents a gallon. But at the low rate of
fifty cents a gallon the tax is one hundred per
cent, ad valorem, a rate which has afforded
a sufficient inducement for an evasion of the tax
laws when applied to other articles, whether of
domestic orforeign production; and the history
of this article will show that it is not the least
liable of all commodities to escape taxation. I
regard it as a fact quite indisputable that the
revenue is defrauded out of millions of dollars
due upon whisky annually. Only a few days
ago we read in the papers that " an investiga-
tion into the affairs of' a single whisky manu-
facturing firm" in Cincinnati '1 shows that its
profits during the year amounted to nearly a
million dollars, upon which no tax has been
paid;" and it was stated that other develop-
ments, no doubt "rich developments," were
anticipated in the same quarter. These vast
whisky frauds in Ohio will account in some
degree for the shipment of free spirits from
there to the Pacific coast. The amount of
fraud upon the revenue in that quarter is im-
mense.
These Cincinnati frauds, it appears, were
discovered during the absence from " that re-
gion " of Fulton, and Cowen, and Barnes, and
Smith, andDunn, and Heaven only knows how
many more, who were searching in vain for
some dereliction of duty on the part of the
officers in California. The question very nat-
urally suggests itself why such very vigilant
officers, and so many of them, did not make
these discoveries before they left this side of
the continent; and persons might be unchar-
itable enough to conclude that if they had re-
mained at home in Ohio the frauds there never
would have been discovered.
The "rich developments" promised for
them in California by the departmental writer
in the Chronicle has resulted in the arrest by
them of two small boys, in San Francisco, for
selling matches without a license. These two
poor little lads were taken with pompous show
before a United States commissioner, exam-
ined, and in default of bail were sent to prison.
This, so far as I have been able to learn; is the
extentof the developmentof fraud in California
by these five astute Ohio whisky detectives.
Failing to find any ground of complaint
against the officers who had captured their
fraudulent whisky, they as in duty bound cast
wildly about them for an opportunity to wreak
their impotent vengeance upon somebody else
in California. Butbefore their work was com-
pleted, while they were yet in the midst of their
business, and the day after this resolution
appeared in the San Francisco papers, one of
the five, the newly made supervisor Oowan,
posts back in hot haste to Washington, and
has been here already several days avowing
his purpose to be to secure the confirmation
of a certain person for collector, whom I avow
to be the selection of Fulton, Cowan, and
company.
Do you believe, sir, that Ohio whisky had
anything to do with their mission ? If not,
why comes this B. R. Cowen from his now field
of duty, with so much speed, back to this
capital when the plan for the release of the
whisky is interrupted? Why this marked, this
manifest solicitude in particular circles to re-
lease the whisky and to destroy the reputation
of our officers?
The only justification before Heaven or
humanity for this extraordinary conduct would
be the development of some marked official
misconduct in the office of internal revenue
collector in San Francisco ; hut. sir, I am in-
formed, aud I have sought information upon
the subject, that after the most strenuous
exertions of this brigade of spies and detect-
ives from Ohio, only a very few most trifling
irregularities are reported, and these without
any opportunity for explanation on the part
of the collector's office or parties accused.
I assert it as my belief that no internal rev-
enue collector's office inOhio, nor in any other
part of the United States, has been more ably
and faithfully administered than the one in
San Francisco ; and in this I am sustained by
the facts.
A larger amount has been collected there
than in any other city of equal wealth and
population, and notwithstanding the change-
able character of the population, the assess-
ments are collected up closer there than in any
city of which I can find the returns and at a
smaller percentage of cost than in other dis-
tricts where about the same amount is col-
lected. During the last year of the high tax
upon whisky, this part of one congressional
district, San Francisco, paid within a small
amount as much tax upon that commodity as
the ten metropolitan districts of New York
city and Brooklyn, including the celebrated
thirty- second district. In fact, while the whisky
tax was evaded everywhere else, in Califor-
nia it was and has always been honestly and
squarely paid.
In the long and tedious process of sending
whisky from the distillery in Kentucky or Ohio,
by way of New York and Cape Horn, to San
Francisco, many opportunities are afforded for
evading the tax upon it in whole or in part;
and California is literally flooded with untaxed
eastern whisky, while her distilleries are com-
pelled to lie idle and her grain permitted to
fall to the earth for the want of a market. If
the whisky shipped from the East to the Pacific
coast paid its tax as does that which is manu-
factured in California, the latter would not be
driven out of the marketas it is. Grain is abun-
dant and cheap in California. It is cheaper
there than anywhere else in this country ;
labor also is as low in that State among the
Chinese, and capital is not wanting to run dis-
tilleries. The climate is unsurpassed for the
business of distillation, and yet near three mil-
lion gallons have been sent from this side to
supply that market during the last year. When
it is considered that these spirits are taken
from some interior town in Ohio or Ken-
tucky and transported to Louisville or Cin-
cinnati, thence to New York city by rail, and
thence all the way round to San Francisco,
eighteen thousand miles, incurring the heavy
expense Of carriage by railroad as well as by
sea, repeated storages and drayages, leakage,
freight, insurance, interest on the investment,
and commissions, the conclusion forces itself
upon one's mind that if they honestly pay their
taxes they cannot successfully compete with
the California production, the original cost of
which is lighter ^.nd the quality equally good
if not better.
To my mind there is no doubt that a very
large proportion of the spirits shipped to Cali-
fornia from the Atlantic side escapes taxation,
and such is the conviction of the people I have
the honor in part to represent; a conviction
tvhieh the mission of Fulton, Cowan, and com-
pany is but poorly calculated to dispel. But
if there were any doubt after this synthetical
statement of the case, it would be removed by
the analytical process of investigation which
has been applied to it by most skilful chemists
in San Francisco, who one and all pronounce
it to be different material from that indicated
by the stamps on the packages.
After a word or two in vindication of officers
and people of California I am done for this
day. I shall indulge in this because of the
statement, evidently emanating from the in-
ternal revenue department, that "immense
frauds on the revenue" have been perpetrated
in California, an allegation in my opinion made
(o divert attention from the truly immense
frauds elsewhere, not only upon the revenue,
but upon the people of California, and because
of the threat, emanating from the same source,
to bring to justice the faithful and fearless offi-
cers of the revenue in California, a threat, as
I regard it, intended to conceal the real per-
petrators of frauds.
In vindication of both people and officers I
shall content myself with pointing to their
records, and I shall be happy indeed if their
assailants can find an equally ready vindica-
tion.
California in population and wealth is far
down in the list of States, but she ranks sev-
enth in the amount of internal revenue paid.
As a community she is so poor and capital so
scarce that money readily commands from one
and a half to two per cent, a month in her
principal marts, and even higher rates in the
interior of the country, and jet she pays within
a million or so dollars as much as the great
and wealthy State of Illinois, with five times
the population, five times the wealth, and a
representation in Congress of sixteen members.
California has but three Representatives in
the other House; Ohio has nineteen. Cali-
fornia, I have already said, is a new and pov-
erty-stricken State, but California pays more
than half as much internal revenue as the great
and wealthy State of Ohio. California paid last
year $7,035,888 82, while Ohio, with a popu-
lation and wealth more than six times that of
California, paid only $12,534,956 45. If tax-
ation were to be equal and uniform through-
out the Union Ohio, at the rate imposed upon
'California, ought to pay more than $42,000,000,
instead of $12,500,000. How is it that the
Ohio people escape these $30,000,000 internal
revenue tax, or how is it that California yields
$5,000,000 more than her due proportion? It
is, sir, because her officers are faithful and
administer the law according to the letter and
the spirit. And yet that people are subjected
to indignity and insult. They are annoyed be-
yond endurance by men sent out there in the
character of sneaking spies and informers.
If there has been dereliction of duty in some
of the offices in California it has not, to my
knowledge, been made the subject of com-
plaint on the part of the Internal Revenue
Bureau against those particular officers. That
there are a few unworthy men in that branch
of the service in California, legacies of the
Johnson administration, as a rule, I am pre-
pared to believe, and have often represented
the facts to the head of that bureau, but with-
out the least avail. I make this statement
because I am unwilling longer to be held re-
sponsible before my constituency for such
apparent neglect of duty. I have found instead
of a disposition to displace bad officers, only a
determination to interfere with the good ones,
the persistency in which can find no explana-
tion in justifiable motives.
Mr. President, this is a matter in which, in
the first place, the officers making the seizures
are interested to the extent of their good name
at least, but how much further I know not.
The facts already detailed in reference to the
character of the spirits raises a sufficiently
strong presumptive case against the honesty of
their importation; but I find in the regulations
issued by the office of the internal revenue a
declaration that "the absence of this stamp
(for rectified spirits) from a cask of rectified
spirits is evidence of a change of package, and
will justify a seizure, if the package is not
marked and branded as required by section
forty-seven." "A neglect or failure to com-
ply with the requirements of section twenty-
five, on the part of a rectifier or wholesale
liquor dealer renders him liable to the forfeit-
ure of all spirits owned by him or in which he
has any interest, and to a penalty of $1,000.
The attention of all officers of internal revenue
is specially called to these instructions," &c.
If the internal revenue officers of San Fran
cisco with these instructions before them had
neglected to make the seizures it would have
