3654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
public business, and not pat it aside merely to
seek our own repose and pleasure at home.
Sir, I do not like heat. I suffer from it. I am
peculiarly sensitive to it. I can bear the cold ;
1 cannot bear the heat. I long to get away
from here to the sea-shore, where I was born,
and which has an air that to me is bracing;
but I am unwilling to seek my own comfort at
the cost of the public business.
1 know not why I should see this differently
from other Senators ; I have no more interest
in these bills than other Senators; but I can-
not see what seems to me important public
measures deliberately sacriiioed without enter-
ing my earnest protest. Sir, we ought to stay
here until the work is done. When it is done,
then let us vote to go home. Any vote now
leaving all this business without any provision
is to my mind a sacrifice of public interests.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 feel bound to say a
word in reply to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who seems to think (feat those of us who
have been voting in the majority are uot as
anxious to get through with the public busi-
ness as he is. I will agree to remain here as
long as the Senator from Massachusetts or
auybody else if it be necessary for the public
good ; but I am acting now, in voting to fix the
time of adjournment, on the belief that by so
doing I am insuring the completion of the
public business.
The simile of the mariner, which the Sen-
ator brought into his remarks very handsomely
a moment ago, applied itself to my mind very
differently. It seems to me that a good mari-
ner would say to his crew, " Get to work, all
of you; stop your blathering"—1 believe that
is a sea-phrase, too, [laughter]—"attend to
your sails, and act, every one of you, in your
calling, and theu we shall reach port in the
shortest time."
So it is with me on this question. My expe-
rience is that whenever a day of adjournment
is fixed men go to work, and when they talk
they talk only in the hope of convincing the
Senate, or those whom they address, on the
subject on which they are acting. On the other
hand, when no time for adjournment is fixed,
we all get in the habit of talking generally on
everything, and bringing up on every question
everything which happens to come into the
head or the imagination of the Senator speak-
ing at the moment. To-day, in the short dis-
cussion that we have already had, about one
half the questions that have been disposed of
by the Senate during the eight months that we
have been in session have been brought np.
I am as anxious as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as anybody else can be, that the bill
reducing internal taxation shall become a law.
If we fix a day of adjournment and go to work
I am sure it will soon become a law; because
then when wetakeitup there will not be a Sen-
ator here who will not feel the responsibility
which is upon him, and who will not be forced
to do all that he can to have it disposed of.
If the time of adjournment is fixed when this
bill is taken up, no man will waste words upon
it. He will give his opinions in the briefest
terms possible, and applying only to the ques-
tion in hand: and thus we shall dispose of the
business. .
I beg pardon for having twice occupied the
'ime of the Senate on this subject. I will
merely add, by way of reply to what is said
about Democrats and Republicans voting to-
gether on this question, that in looking over
one of the lists of yeas and nays I find that
out of thirty-one votes there were twenty-five
Republicans and only six Democrats.
.Mr. 1 >RAKIS. On what question?
Mr. CAMERON. On the questiou of taking
this subject up.
Mr. DRA K1S. On the question of passing
over iIh; fifteenth amendment bill and contin-
uing the consideration of this subject.
Mr. CAMERON. They are all about tho
same, for I believe we hare only six Democrats
here now.
Mr. DRAKE. No thirty-one Republicans
voted in the majority on the other questions.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I said twenty-five Republicans. Now these
poor Democrats over there, only six of them ;
in all, ought not to alarm us so much! They
cannot hurt us. Let us only keep our organ-
ization right among ourselves, and take care
of the Republicans, and we shall get along
very well, and let the Democrats do as they '
please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 1
on the amendment to the amendment offered J
by the Senator from Oregon, fixing Friday, the
8th of July, as the day of final adjournment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamun,] oa which the yeas and !
nays have been ordered, which is to strike out
" Monday, the 4th of July," and insert "Friday,
the 15th of July."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 86, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Corbott, Cragin, Drako,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard, Howe, llowell, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maino, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Fomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rovels, ltico, Sher-
man, Sponcer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayor,
Trumbull, Warner, aud \V illey—35.
NAYS—Mesnrs. Borcman, Brownlovr, Cameron,
Casserly, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Harri:!,
Johnston, fllcCreery, Robertson, Scott, Stockton,
Thuriuan, Tipton, Vickers, aud Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Cut tell, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fowler, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Kamsey, Koss, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sohurz,
Wilson, aud Yates—1G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives as amended.
The resolution,as amended,was concurred in. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Ilepreseuta-
i tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced {
i that the House had passed the following bills j
! and joint resolutions; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2002) for relief of the
officers and crew of the ship Nightingale;
A bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the pre-
amble of an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 22,1870;
A bill (H. R. No. 2001) to compensate the
officers and crew of the Kearsarge, for the
destruction of the rebel piratical vessel Ala-
bama ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) for the
relief of Chief Engineers George Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 20G3) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square
No. 376, in the city of Washington.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills without amend- -
ment:
A bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Co-
lumbia Railway Company of the District of
Columbia; • '
A bill (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trus- |
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, aud for
other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the Na-
tional Union Savings Bank of the District of ]
Columbia. j
ENFORCEMENT OP FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT. '
i, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, as j
I, in Committee of the Whole, now resumes the
I consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1293) to
ij enforce the rights of citizens of the United
I States to vote in the several States of this
Union who have hitherto been denied that right
on account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, at the
adjournment yesterday 1 was remarking upon
the fifrh section of the substitute for tlie House
bill offered by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.] I think still that that section had
better be omitted, for I cannot see any partic
ular benefit to be derived from it. The stat-
utes of the States, and I suppose of the Ter-
ritories, ordinarily contain abundant legisla-
tion to meet such cases as are contemplated
by that section. Every Stale iti the union,
1 presume, has some statutory provision by
which the right of an incumbent to the office
of which he has possession may be tried and
determined. This kind of legislation is univer-
sal in the States. It is absolutely indispens-
able in order that the public may know in some
proper form, by some proper proceeding, who
is the rightful person to exercise a particular
office.
The proceeding known as an information
in the nature of a quo warranto I believe is in
almost universal use throughout the States and
Territories in statutes containing provisions
ample to meet all the necessities of the public
and of individuals. It is part and parcel of
State legislation. The remedies afforded by
it are such as the States have seen lit to pro-
vide, and never until now has it been claimed,
so far as I know, that the Congress of the
United States have any authority to interfere
with these State remedies, remedies so well
understood, so universally practiced by the
people. If, therefore, I were satisfied that
Congress, under the fifteenth amendment, have
authority to provide other remedies I should
not deem it necessary to resort to congressional
legislation for the remedy.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for one moment. Inasmuch as several
Senators have suggested that the fifth section
had better be omitted, after consultation with
the chairman of the committee I will consent
to strike it out.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad to hear
that, for I think the section will be of no utility
whatever, and it certainly will give rise to
litigation and controversy without end.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as there has
been no vote upon it, I suppose I have the
right to modify the substitute that I have
offered. I am informed by the Vice President
that I have the right to do so; and I will there-
fore make that modification in the amendment,
by striking out the fifth section. I do so after
consultation with many Senators.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I am happy
to hear it. The modification now made by the
Senator from Nevada relieves me from the ne-
cessity of makingfurtber observations as to the
constitutionality of that clause, which I have
no particular ambition to make.
Before leaving that subject, however, I will
take- the liberty of saying a word upon the legal
construction and interpretation of the fifteenth
amendment. As some Senators well know, I
never was perfectly satisfied with the language
in which that amendment was couched. When
it was under discussion in this body, 1 ex-
pressed my dissatisfaction as to the phraseol-
ogy of the amendment; and I have not been
able yet to see that I was in error in what I
said on the subject. However, it is now too
late to amend it; it has become part of the
Constitution of the United States, like every
other amendment which has been formally
ratified; and all we can do now is to give it a
proper interpretation and application in our
legislation. It declares that—
"The right of citizens of the United States to voto
shall not be denied or abridged by the United btates,
or by any State, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude."
Such is the article. I could have wished
for a more direct and affirmative phraseology,
a phraseology that would have applied the prin-
ciple of the amendment directly to the African
race, so that there would have been no occa-
sion for interpretation or construction. I have
been told, sir, that some courts in the United
States have held that this amendment does
not, so to speak, execute itself: Hint m order
