2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
under the established and well-defined legisla-
tion of Congress, and should be done thia very
autumn, as I have provided, on the 15th of
November, because if you admit the State the
question is not closed then. A question will
then arise whether the Legislature shall be
prolonged or not; then the contest will come
up between three or four aspirants for seats
here, and the whole matter will be gone over
again.
I think this is best, in view of the complica-
tionsofthe caseandin viewofthe irregularities
we have seen. 1 will not say that there have
been crimes committed; I will not say that the
people have intentionally done wrong, but there
are great irregularities, so great that I think
the people of Georgia should pass upon this
matter again. I* have consulted in this regard
several Senators from the South, my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] and others,
in whose judgment I have great confidence,
and they concur in the opinion that it is better
to recommit this question again to the people
of Georgia. I do riot intend to argue it; I
only say that that is my judgment, and I want
a vote of the Senate on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. T should like to ask my
friend if he has any objection toa directvote on
the proposition of the Senator from Nevada.
It seems to me that naturally and logically
that stands in order first. Let us vote upon it.
It is to strike out what is known familiarly as
the Bingham amendment. If thatisnotstricken
out then the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas will be perfectly in order as a substitute.
If it is stricken out, then it will be also in order
as an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order now.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is in order; but
thequestion is whether it wouldnolbebetter in
the disposition of this subject to vote first on
what is known as the Bingham amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit to the Senator
from Massachusetts that in that amendment is
the question whether the Legislature shall be
prolonged or not. In this amendment which
1 submit is the question whether wo are to
have the old Legislature at all. I submit to
the Senator from Massachusetts that the ques-
tion is to deSide whether we will have that
Legislature at all, whether we will admit the
State under it. Afterward the question will
come whether we shall prolong it. But that
is a subsequent question; the first question is
on the admission.
Mr. SUMNEIi. It seems to mo the first
question is on the Bingham amendment. That
is logically first in order; and if that is voted
on and kept in, the way will thpn be clear for
action on the proposition of the Senator; if
the Bingham amendment is voted out, the
way will also bo clear then for the Senator to
make his proposition. 1 think we had better
vote on the Bingham amendment alone and
without any substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my own
opinion is that now, after the long debate on
the Georgia bill, we ought to decide the pre-
liminary question, which, in my judgment, is
the proposition now made by the Senator from
Kansas. The preliminary question is whether
or not we shall admit Georgia. If that is
determined in the affirmative, then will come
up as subsequent questions the terms and con-
ditions and qualifications of admission.
I have made up my mind, I confess with a
good deal of hesitation, with more doubt than
I have had about anything connected with the
■whole fabric of reconstruction, that Georgia
is not in a fit condition to be represented in
Congress and to be armed with the full powers
of a State government. I do not believe that
the present Legislature has been so elected and
is so organized that it ought to be intrusted
with the powers of a State government in
Georgia. I am in hopes that our Republican
friends here—I speak of them without any
desire to make this a party question—will con-
cur in the proposition made by the Senator
from Kansas which will continue the present
Legislature in power until November next as a
provisional Legislature and provide then for a
new election and anew organization. We can
then admit Georgia with some kind of show
of a fair election before her admission. No
Senator can contend that to this time there has
been a fair election in the process of recon-
struction in the State of Georgia. The state-
ments made yesterday by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] show clearly that even
the present Legislature, although we might for
political reasons be willing to trust them with
the power of the government, have not been
elected in such a mode and manner and are not
composed of such material as entitle them
under the reconstruction acts to the powers of
a State government. I can, therefore, with a
clear conscience vote for the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas and let the matter of the
admission of Georgia go over until the next
session of Congress.
What advantage shall we have in this? If
there is not a fair election next fall we then
have the power still further to exclude Georgia.
We control in a manner the election there,
not the result of the election, but the mode
of holding it, so that we can secure a fair
election.
If we prolong the power of the present
Legislature for two years what security have
we that this Legislature will do what is right,
organize the miiitia of that State and go on and
exercise its power properly as a State govern-
ment? We have no security whatever. Many
of them were never elected by the people: they
are the representatives of minorities. The
whole organization is confessedly irregular.
Why should we seek to continue their power
two years? What confidence have we that
they will go on and organize the State of
Georgia on a republican basis, organize their
militia and put down lawless violence? Is
there anything in the composition of the Legis-
lature or in its manner of election that will
justify any confidence that it will do what we
believe ought to be done in order to secure a
permanent and stable government? I have
seen nothing yet that will justify that opinion.
I am perfectly willing to continue the present
organization as a provisional government and
to postpone the contested election of Senators
to this body. When this bill as it stands is
disposed of, we are at once presented with
another question in regard to the election of
Senators, and all this long debate is renewed
again. If we postpone the question of admis-
sion until next winter by adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas, and by
declaring that Georgia is a provisional gov-
ernment, then the interest of every citizen in
Georgia, both Republican and Democrat, both
white and black, will be tosecurea fair election
next fall. Then, if the Kuklux Klan should
carry on their operations and defeat an election
this fall again, the State of Georgia will not be
admitted. If they should control the election
as they did two years ago, by force and violence,
they will gain nothing by it. They will be put
on their good behavior. In the mean time the
present Legislature may go on as a provisional
Legislature, passing laws to protect the people,
organizing the militia ; and we may add to this
very bill power in the provisional government
to organize their militia in order to defend
themselves and secure a fair election.
We may thus, without United States forces,
without any revolutionary expedient, without
doing anything whatever except continuing the
present organization as provisional until next
winter, secure this fall the election of a Legis-
lature that will fairly represent the popular
sentiment of the people of Georgia.
Now, sir, with my convictions I cannot vote
to extend the term of the present members of
the Georgia Legislature. They were elected
for two years, and only for two years. Their
two years commenced in May, 1868, and the
only provision for the extension of their term
was until November, 1870—no longer. To
extend the period of their term beyond that
would be to revolutionize and turn our backs
upon all the precedents of the past in recon-
struction. We have not attempted to do this
in regard to any other State, and I ask Sen-
ators whether the Legislature of Georgia now
is in such a condition, composed of such mate-
rial, and elected in such a way, as to justify us
in resorting to a revolutionary expedient for
the extension of the duration of their office.
Upon the very doubtful constructions that have
been put upon the State constitution it seems
to me it is a revolutionary expedient, and we
gain nothing by it.
I will not continue the discussion much fur-
ther, because I only rose to express my opinion
that on the whole we had better accept the
proposition of the Senator from Kansas, per-
haps with some modifications, as the best ad-
justment of this Georgia matter. It is palpable
that on the question of extending the term of
theLegislaturetheSenateis very nearly equally
divided. Upon striking out the Bingham amend-
ment without substituting something else the
Senate is very nearly equally divided. If the
Bingham amendment is stricken out something
must be inserted. It will not do to send this
doubtful controversy back to the people of
Georgia to bedecided by muskets and bayonets.
As sure as fate if you strike out the Bingham
amendment and insert nothing else you will
have war, disorganized, lawless war, in Geor-
gia. One party will claim that the Legislature
expired in 1870, and they will organize and
hold an election this fall; the other party will
claim, according to the construction that they
have already put upon their constitution, that
they have the power to extend their own term
two years.
This is a controversy that we ought to settle
one way or the other; and therefore if we strike
out the Bingham amendment, either the prop-
osition offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts or that offered by tho Senator from Ore-
gon ought to be adopted. We ought to assert
whatever power is to be exercised in this case,
and not leave it with the people of Georgia;
for if we do, we leave them a dispute which -can
be settled only by war or civil commotion, or,
in the language of the Constitution, "domestic
violence." We can settle the dispute here
probably without that. We only have to re-
gard the obligation of the Constitution upon
our consciences; and I must confess that 1 am
not able to satisfy myself that this Senate or
this Congress have the authority, either under
the constitution of the State of Georgia or
under any military power of ours growing out of
reconstruction, to extend the duration of office
of any man elected under the constitution of
Georgia; hence, with my convictions, I cannot
vote l'or any proposition which will extend
beyond the fall of 1870 the present Legisla-
ture, but I am perfectly willing to leave the
present status quo. Let the present govern-
ment stand as it is now, provisional; lot it ex-
ercise the powers of a de facto government;
let it organize the militia, and then, under our
power of supervision, under the authority con-
ferred by the reconstruction acts, under the
military power conferred by the reconstruction
acts, let them go on and hold an election this
fall according to their constitution and accord-
ing to the law. Ifthey conduct it fairly, then
I pledge myself for one to vote to admit the
State of Georgia, whether the result should be
a Democratic victory, or, as I hope and trust
and believe, a complete Republican triumph.
I want a fair election there; and never until
the people of Georgia have had a fair election,
in which every man who has a right to vote,
white and black, shall have free and unob-
structed opportunity to march to the ballot-
box, will I vote to admit Georgia.
As things now are it is better for all parties to
maintain the provisional government. We are
in no hurry about it. There is no occasion for
haste on our part. There is no occasion for the
