1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 55
been good ground of complaint against them,
indeed much better ground than supports all
the complaints yet made against those same
officers.
In the next place, this is a question in which
the distillery owners in California are inter-
ested. They complain of the too papable un-
fairness of allowing large quantities of spirits,
which have escaped taxation to be brought to
their very doors for sale while their capital
lies idle, they being compelled to pay the tax
upon all their production.
Third. It operates to the injury of the farm-
ers of California. Every man there who raises
a bushel of grain that might be converted into
spirits has a stake in the question. It is a
notorious fact that large quantities of grain in
that country fall to the earth for the want of
harvesting and that immense piles of it in
sacks, along the rivers and railroads, perished
in the rains of last autumn for the want of a
market. Considerable relief would have been
afforded had there been a demand for this
grain for the purposes of distillation.
Fourth. Every citizen of California is inter-
ested in this, not alone upon the principle that
an injury to one is an injury to all, but for the
more direct and conspicuous reason that mil-
lions of dollars are drained off annually to pay
for bad, compounded, and poisonous liquors,
foisted upon them in place of the pure and
comparatively harmless product of their own
coast.
In the fifth place, the people of the whole
United States, every tax-payer and person
for whom taxes are paid, is interested in this
to the extent that taxation should be equal
and uniform throughout the country. The es-
cape of one people or class of people increases
the burdens upon all others.
And finally, the present Administration is in-
terested in this matter. The preservation of a
reputation so exceedingly brilliant in almost
every respect is somewhat in volvedin the proper
execution of these whisky-tax laws. It was the
shame of the late Administration that it failed
to collect the tax upon whisky. It was boldly
proclaimed that such tax could not be collected,
and in the face of that disgraceful confession
the tax was reduced from two dollars to fifty
cents a gallon. At the same time with the re-
duction the machinery for collecting was vastly
improved ; but it is still far from perfect, since
large quantities yet escape.
When the evideuce of this is as clear as the
noonday sun ; when the proof seems to be pos-
itive of the infraction of the law, if the matter
is not left to the determination of the proper
tribunals of the country reproach upon the offi-
cers of the Government is sure to follow.
In order to illustrate the magnitude of this
question I quote a lino or two from the Sacra-
mento Union of recent date. The writer says :
"Ihave compiled the following figures from tlic
books of the custom-house and. internal revenue de-
partments for California. Imported during 1869:
brandy, 200,81-1 gallons; alcohol, 75,000 gallons;
whisky, 2,667.470 gallons—the total importations
berac; 2,9sH,20o gallons of spirits, which, with duty
paid, worth on aa average two dollars per gallon,
amounts to $'3,886,59J, or nearly equal in value to ali
the wheat we have, exported this year. This com-
parison will show the importance of this 'whisky
war.'"
The question is, therefore, one of very great
interest to the Pacific coast. It is far greater
than simply a test of the ownership of the
spirits now under seizure. It is not merely to
determine whether this one hundred thousand
gallons should be forfeited or not; that is com-
paratively trifling. The question involved is;
shall the Pacific coast be flooded annually with
three million gallons of bad whisky, and our
usually stringent, money market be subjected
to a drain each year of several million dollars
to pay for that whisky while our distilleries
stand idle, while our laborers are unemployed,
and our grain perishes for want of a market?
This thing has been going on for years ; it has
gone too far already. California has suffered
enough by it; and I give notice now to all par-
ties concerned, owners, agents, and officers,
that, if I can enforce it, Atlantic whisky must
either pay its taxes in the future or find a mar-
ket elsewhere than in California. She shall no
longer without protest submit to insults and
biting indignities in order that western whisky
rings may grow fat out of the wrongs perpe-
trated upon her.
Mr. President, I move the reference of the
resolution to the Committee on Retrenchment,
which I suppose is the proper committee to
take charge of it.
During Mr.Cole's remarks, atone o'clock—
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia
entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States is before the Senate as unfin-
ished business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the regular
order of business be suspended until the Sen-
ator from California concludes his remarks.
The VICE^ PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be passed over informally until
the Senator concludes. The Chair hears no
objection. The Senator from California will
proceed.
Mr. Cole having concluded,
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Chair will
state that the unfinished business was passed
over informally until the close of the remarks
of the Senator from California. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Maine de-
sires to speak on this question. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. STEWART. I object to any further
discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were some charges
of a personal nature made involving high offi-
cers of this Government, and I certainly shall
claim the right to reply, or desire at least to
make a brief statement of the facts.
Mr. HAMLIN. I regard this as the most
extraordinary proceeding ever introduced into
this Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly high officers of
the Government should not be arraigned here
without an opportunity being afforded of reply-
ing to the charges.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have the Vir-
ginia bill passed this evening.
Mr. POMEROY. Postpone the Virginia bill
for the present, and let us get through with this
subj ect.
Mr. STEWART. If this discussion shall
not interfere with the sitting out t)f the Vir-
ginia bill I shall not object to it. We want to
sit it out to-night. I move that the Virginia
bill be passed over informally for twenty min-
utes, so as to allow this discussion to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada withdraws his objection and consents
that the unfinished business be passed over
informally for twenty minutes longer. If there
be no further objection that will be taken as
the order of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I can hardly
think that the Senator from California has
well considered the position he occupies. I
do not believe ho has brought to its consider-
ation all the circumstances which ought to
weigh upon a measure like the one which he has
introduced. It is remarkable ; as I have said,
one of the most remarkable proceedings that
I have ever witnessed in the Senate. I am
not, in the very few remarks which I propose
to make, to be brought into a discussion ot the
merits or demerits which may be involved in
this controversy. I know very little about
them. I do not seek to discuss them. You
have a law regulating the collection of your
internal revenue, and, first, your Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue is made the appro-
priate officer who is to determine the questions
which arise in the administration of that law.
This resolution is an assault upon his integrity;
not that the Senator from California so designs
it, but it goes to that work by implication, and
all the disclaimers offered will not prevent
that implication. If the Commissioner of '
Internal Revenue shall err in judgment, the
law affords still another remedy by an appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, how stands this case? Taking the state-
ment of it as I gather it from the Senator who
has just taken his seat, it has been submitted
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
I have listened with all care to see if either
the Senator himself or other parties interested
have sought to pursue their rights by an appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury. A friend
behind me says it is before the Secretary.
Yes; and I gather from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue precisely that fact, that under
the earnest appeals made by the Senator from
California he did believe that it was both wise -
and prudent on his part, however clear in his
judgment might be the rights of the owners of
this property, that he should have the concur-
rent opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury f
and he transferred the papers from his own
bureau to that Department.
Mr. COLE. I never heard from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that it was to
be referred to the Secretary of the Treasury.
He has never made any such communication
to me, nor did I know when I introduced the
resolution that it would go beyond his office.
If it was in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury at the time I did not know it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, sir, the Senator knows
the law. The Senator knows that he had a',
right of appeal from the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and he has not intimated that the parties
have sought that. But the Commissioner has
said to me that out of deference to the .Sen-
ator from California he voluntarily transferred
it 1here, and there it is; and the Secretary of
the Treasury to-day is ready to investigate the
matter and to listen to the Senator from Cali-
fornia and allow him to furnish all evidence
that he may desire to furnish in substantiation
of any position that he may seek to establish.
Now, then, the point I make is distinctly this,
and it is like appealing from a judicial body to
I a town meeting : that an appeal is now sought
from the proper tribunals that are appointed to
investigate this matter to Congress, avoiding a
decision of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
by law is made the ultimate tribunal, and, I
repeat, by implication casting a reproach upon
him. I believe that that Secretary, I believe
that that Commissioner, I believe that either
of them is vastly better qualified to investigate
matters of this character than Congress can be.
I believe that the law much more wisely places
the power where it now is than it would be to
place it in our hands.
I desire to state one fact which has been
communicated to me in relation to this whole
charge. I am told at the Department that-ihe
whole turning point in this controversy is
whether these liquors are a different article
from what they are represented to be. They
were analyzed in California, and one fifth of
one per cent, of sugar was found in them, and
therefore in the opinion of the officer there
they are not the article which they are repre-
sented to be.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
distinguished Senator from Maine what pro-
portion of sugar is added to high-wine when it
becomes rectified? In my opinion one fifth of
one per cent, is about all that is necessary to
be so added.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am no chemist; I am
no expert. I do not drink whisky at all.
[Laughter.] I might inquire as to that of my
friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy;] but upon
my word I think he could give no better answer
than I can. I wish only to say that the officers
who were deputed as disinterested men to go
