1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5543
the Indiana amounts to nothing at all. It is
paying in either case out of the Treasury ; and
if you use "up the annuity in this way you have
got to vote another annuity, or you have got
to have an Indian war.
Mr. HARLAN. I indorse very fully what
has been said by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my honorable friend
yield to me for one moment?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not in charge of the
bill. If the honorable Senator from Maine,
who has the bill in charge, will give way, I
have no objection.
bridge at leavenworth.
Mr. SCHURZ. I appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine to yield to me for one moment.
The Senator from Iowa objected to a bill which
I called up a short time ago. He has in the
mean time looked into the circumstances sur-
rounding the case, and come to the conclusion
that it ought not to be objected to. He cer-
tainly will not object to the bill being acted
upon, and I am very confident that my honor-
able friend from Maine will not. I therefore
ask unanimous consent that House bill No.
1149 be aeted upon at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1149) to amend an act entitled "An act author-
izing the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river upon the military reservation
at Port Leavenworth, Kansas," was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third lime, and passed.
tax on pork-packers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 31, 1868, to report it
back without amendment. It is a matter that
requires immediate action if it is to be passed
at all, and I suppose it will pass without objec-
tion. I ask that it be read ; and if there be no
objection I should like to have it put on its
passage now. The Senate will see from its
very nature that it must be passed at once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. A bill reported from the
Committee on Finance in reference to the tax
on pork-packers. If the Senator will hear the
bill read and objects to it I will not press it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Lincoln is really
before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. This will not take a longer
time than is required to read a single section
of eight or ten lines.
Mr. SCJMNISR. Let it be taken up inform-
ally, if it is to be taken up at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. If anybody objects I shall
not press it.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not object if the
Senator will allow it to come up informally,
without displacing 1.1:6 other order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. The bill is
intended simply to remove an ambiguity in the
law as to whether a pork-packer is included as
a manufacturer within the meaning of the act
of 1S08.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish the pork-
paeker would wait a little while until I get
through with the deficiency bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I only ask to have it acted
upon now because it is before the Senate, and
it is necessary, if there is to be action on the
subject, that it should be done at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that there shall not be assessed
or collected, under or by virtue of section four
ot' an act approved March 31, 1808, entitled
"An act to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax. and for other purposes," any in-
ternal tax upon pork-packers, lard-renderers,
or those engaged jn smoking hams, curing
meats, or others known as in the provision
trade, as manufacturers within the meaning of
the section ; and if any such tax shall have
been assessed, but not collected, it is remitted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
additional deficiency bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. 2309) making additional appropriations
and to supply the deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal years ending June 30,1870, and June
30, 1871, and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Ross.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say a very few
words in relation to this amendment. An over-
whelming objection to setting a precedent of
this kind will be manifest if Senators will re-
flect that about the best thing a frontier settler
could do with his cattle and horses would be
to drive them out in the vicinity of an Indian
tribe and have them captured. If the Govern-
ment of the United States will pay from the
Treasury of the United States the fall value
of all property destroyed by the Indian tribes,
then I say the best thing a frontier settler can
do with his property is to drive it out into the
neighborhood of the Indians and have it cap-
tured. He can realize the money in that way
without trouble; ho will have no difficulty but
to make the proof before some clerk in the
Bureau of Indian Affairs and have a requisi-
tion drawn, and his money is certain.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I ask the Senator from
Iowa, according to the present and past prac-
tice of the Government, how long it would be
before be would get the money back?
Mr. HARLAN. He would obtain it in the
ordinary routine of the transaction of business
in the Departments. When the law of 1834 was
enacted a totally different condition of things
existed. The law of 1834 was in fact a non-
intercourse law between white people and In-
dians. It was enacted to prevent white people
from going into the Indian country. It was made
an offense for a white man to go across the line
dividing the Indian country from the settle-
ments. In that condition of things it was right
for the Government to provide indemnity for
depredations committed by Indians when they
crossed the line into the settlements, in violation
of their treaty stipulations; and on the other
hand, to provide indemnity to the Indians when
white men crossed the line, and went into their
country, and destroyed the properly of the
Indians.
If any one will take the trouble to read the
law of 1834 he will find that the recourse of
the Indian on the Government is as perfect as
the recourse of the white man on the Indian.
But, sir, iu the changed condition of things
now existing it is impossible to carry that law
into effect without great danger to the Treas-
ury, without stimulating frauds on the Govern-
ment on the part of the inhabitants of the
frontier.
The statement made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that among
the Indians there was but little idea of prop-
erty, I think is not well warranted by the facts.
So far as provisions are concerned, all things
by Indians are held in common, if one Indian
has provisions of any kind any hungry Indian
or white man is supposed to have a right to all
he needs; but their idea of the right of pos-
session, the right of private property, is as
perfect as ours, and they maintain their indi-
vidual rights to individual property with the
same pertinacity. They own llieir own horses,
cattle, hogs, anus; everything they hold by '
virtue of their individual title, and not by a j
title in common, except land and provisions. ]
These are held in common ; nothing else. I j
do not know, however, that that fact has very ,
much pertinency to the question now at issue, j
The honorable Senator from Nebraska thinks i
that this amendment ought to be adopted be- j
cause a proposition was made to amend the I
Indian appropriation bill, so as to prevent the
payment of this kind of claims out of the In-
dian annuities without first having the action
of Congress. Why, sir, the object of that
amendment was not to change the mode of
ascertaining these liabilities. The same pro-
cess of ascertaining the loss, of ascertaining
the ownership of the property destroyed, and
identifying the parties that committed the
depredation, wil\ remain after the passage of
that law as before. The proof will be- pre-
sented, will be examined, and the opinion of
the officers of the Interior Department will be
taken; but if that amendment should become
a part of the law of the land, it will be neces-
sary for that proof, with -the opinion of the
Department, to be submitted to Congress
before payment shall be made, and for this
reason: in some cases payment ought to be
made out of the money belonging to the In-
dians, where they are able to pay it, where the
depredation has been committed by the tribe
in its organized capacity. Where they are
morally culpable as a community the property
which they hold in community ought to be
made liable for it; but in other cases, where
the Indians have no annuities, or but little,
the claim ought to be treated precisely as any
other claim of like character for losses occa-
sioned by depredations by other lawless men.
If a loss occurs in war, then according to all
our ideas of international law the Government
would not be responsible. If it be the result
of private wrong on the part of individual In-
dians, the Government would not be respons-
ible.
If that amendment to the Indian appropria-
tion bill should become a law, however, each
case will come before Congress, will be referred
to the proper committee, either the Committee
on Claims, or the Committee on Indian Affairs,
or the Committee on the Judiciary ; eaeli ease
will be examined, and the award will be made
to be paid either out of the Indian annuities
or out of the Treasury, as in the judgment of
Congress justice and expediency combined
shall require.
In my opinion this amendment ought not to
be adopted. We ought to see what wiii be
the effect of the change of this law as proposed
in the Indian appropriation bill. The claims
intended to be covered by these $47,000 may
be just; I do not know that they are not; nor
do I know that they are. It is doubtful whether
any member of this body has examined any
one of these claims; but we all do know that
there are now filed in the Department claims
amounting to more than a million dollars.
If you make this appropriation direct from
the Treasury to be applied without the scrutiny
of Congress, as it seems to me, it is but an
entering wedge; you thereby pledge the Gov-
ernment for the payment of all claims of this
class; you invite frontiermen to lose their prop-
erty, to have their fat cattle taken by the
Indians that they may avoid the expense and
risk of shipping to another market; you invite
frauds. I would not do this. I would not
make a precedent of this kind under the facts
so far as they have been communicated to the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, and will not. If the citizens of the
frontier, many of whom are in my State and
represented in these claims, cannot get their
pay, I insist upon it that they shall not be
misrepresented or slandered. The Senator
from Iowa represents that these claims are
got up by citizens on the frontier who want to
make a good disposition of their stock.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I did not say lhat any
of them were so. I said about the best thing
a man could do villi his property would be to
lose it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator represented
that these claims arose out of a condition of
things when the best thing a man could do on
the Iront't-r was to drive his stock out and let
the Indians lake it.
