1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4599
infantry from the 10th of April, 1864, to the
7th of June, 1805, being the time during which
he acted as a second lieutenant in the regi-
ment. It also directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay to William H.
Dupree, sergeant in the fifty-fifth regiment of
Massachusetts volunteers, the pay and allow-
ances of a second lieutenant of infantry from
the 30th of May, 1864, to the 21st of June,
1865, being the time during which he per-
formed the duties of a second lieutenant in the
regiment.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. This fifty-fifth
Massachusetts regiment was a colored regi-
ment, and these claimants were colored men
whom the Governor of Massachusetts commis-
sioned as second lieutenants in the tegiment.
The colonel ordered them to duty as such offi-
cers, but the mustering officer declined to mus-
ter them in as such officers. The controversy
lasted nearly a year, but finally he yielded, and
they were mustered as second lieutenants. This
bill is to pay them for the time th'ey were serv-
ing as officers before they were mustered in.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ;,and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will withdraw that motion ; we
have a few more private bills which we wish to
dispose of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe'the Committee
of Claims is the next committee to be regularly
called.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
for private bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw the
motion.
OEORGE W. TARLETON.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, Senate bill No. 582, for the
relief of George W. Tarleton.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to George W.
Tarleton $414 45, that being the sum paid,
under order of the district court of the north-
ern district of New York, to the United States
depositary at Buffalo, as the distributive share
of the United States in the proceeds of the sale
of Tarleton's property, made under a judgment
of forfeiture pronounced by that court, which
judgment was subsequently vacated.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN A. R. IIEHTZEL.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1971) for
the relief of the sureties of the late Captain A.
R. Hertzel.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The preamble states
that the accounts of the late Captain A.^ R.
Hertzel, assistant quartermaster of the United
Slates Army, who died daring the Mexican
war. were settled at the Treasury February
13, 1850, and the balance found due was paid
to his representatives; but by a subsequent
settlement, in I860, a balance was ascertained
against him, and a suit to recover the same was
brought against his surviving sureties, which
suit is now pending.
The bill provides that the said claim, as
against the sureties, is remitted and forever
discharged, and the suit, whether before oy
after judgment, shall be no further prosecuted,
but shall be dismissed, and full satisfaction as
against the sureties entered of record.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill vras passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, District
of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 537) for the relief of James
H. Bunce;
An act (S. No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary A. Filler;
An act (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond;
An act (S. No. 927) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city of Washington;
An act (S. No. 948) amendatory of an act
approved February 5, 1867, and joint resolu-
tion, approved March 29, 1867, relative to
judges and commissioners of elections in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District
of Columbia;
An act (II. R. No. 2218) supplementary to
an act entitled " An act to authorize the con-
struction, extension, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
panyintoandwithin the District of Columbia,"
approved February 5, 1870;
Joint resolution (S. 11. No. 77) authorizing
a distribution of the copies remaining in the
Department of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln : and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed chromos.
CHARLES V. MARTIN.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (II. It. No. 2251) for the relief
of Charles F. Martin; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and requires the Pay-
master General to pay to Charles F. Martin
the pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
of cavalry for military services as such, in the
fifth regiment of Tennessee cavalry, from March
8 to September 4, 1863, during which time he
performed service by military order and with-
out authority of law.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MELINDA llAKMASf.
Mr. STOKES also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2252) for the relief
of Melinda Harman, widow of George Harman,
deceased, of Greene county, Tenne«see; which
was read a first and second time.
The preamble of the bill recites that in the
fall of 1861 it was decided by the Secretary of
War to cause to be destroyed all the railroad
bridges in East Tennessee, between Chatta-
nooga and Bristol, and accordingly men were
sent there to enlist parties to perform that
work. Captain David Fry recruited and en-
listed as a portion of such force Jacob Har-
man and his two sons. The oath was admin-
istered to Harman and his sons by Fry, who
(there being no Bible at hand) caused them to
place their hands on the Union flag while he
solemnly administered to them the oath to ba
ever fai&hful and true to the Union. He then
ordered them to destroy the bridge across Lick
creek, and the trestle-work, nearly one mile ia
length, in Greene county, in East Tennessee.
Watching their opportunity they soon, under
the eye of Captain Fry, set fire to the bridge
and trestle-work, destroying the same. Sub-
sequently Harman and his two sons were
arrested, placed 'in a rebel prison, tried by a
rebel court-martial, and convicted. Harman
and one son were hanged till they were dead,
near the town of Greenville, in East Tennes-
see, on the 17th of September, 1861. The
other son, having contracted disease while in
prison, died. Harman employed counsel to
defend himself and his sons, for which he
executed to the attorneys his note for the sum
of $3,000, giving them a lien or mortgage on
his real estate to secure the same. On the
27th July, 1868, a decree of sale of the land
was ordered for the sum of $4,193 50, which,
if no relief be given, will leave the widow with
five children and but little means whereby to
make a support. Harman and his sons having
lost their lives in the service of the Govern-
ment, the preamble declares that in the name
of justice, honor, and humanity the Congress
of the United States is in duty bound to relieve
the widow and her children from this debt of
oppression, they never having received one
cent of benefit from the services rendered.
The bill then provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury be directed to pay to Melinda
Harman, the widow of George Harman, of
Greene county, East Tennessee, $4,696 70 out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are some inac-
curacies in this bill, which I hope my friend
will have corrected. Mr. Harman's name was
Jacob and not George, and he was hanged at
Ivnoxville and not Greenville.
Mr. STOKES. Let those corrections be
made by unanimous consent.
There was no objection ; and the corrections
were accordingly made.
Mr. STOKES. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was .seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN TURNER, SENIOR.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2253) for the relief
of John Turner, sen., of Union county, Ten-
nessee, for services in piloting recruits to the
Union Army ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to yay to John Turner,
sen., $2,000 out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, provided that
the said sum shall be in full for all services in
piloting recruits to the Union Army, and all
moneys expended by said Turner while thus
engaged.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask that the report in
that case be read.
It appears, from the report which was read,
that John Turner, sen., of Union county, East
Tennessee, was a Union pilot employed in
guiding recruits through the mountains to
the Union Army, which was then sj^tioned in
Kentucky, commencing about June, 1862, and
continuing to about the 1st September, 1863.
The proof shows that he piloted through the
