1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
Again, says Mr. Bryant, who is a plucky man
from Maine, " What must be the effect of such
a theory upon the Republican party?" &c.
Governor Bullock rejoins: "Let party lines be
extended so as to welcome and include all who
arc in favor of impartial suffrage and univer-
sal aranesiy." He hides under this cloak his
vendetta poniard. So that this is a factional
fight. The Democracy have no part in it.
Where is the representative man here of the
real honest, soliu men of Georgia, the men who
make cotton and com and mind some other
thau other people's business? Where are the
majority of the State? Who speaks for them?
Where are Herschell V. Johnson and Alexan-
der H. Stephens? Where the champion of
Douglas and the Union? Where is that tall,
gaunt statesman who used to awe this Cham-
ber, both sides of it, by the lightest whisper or
simplest gesture? I do not call these new
rulers of Georgia "carpet-baggers." Wo have
had enough of that. 1 believe in the right of
locomotion ; whether to New York or Georgia,
from Ohio or Ireland. But I believe in the
right of the people freely and without military
force or civil fraud to pass on those who come
into their midst seeking their offices and honors.
And it may be well asked, are these men who
are so noisy about Georgia their true and best
representatives? Will they continue to be so ?
If so, how long?
Nor do I care, as between these factions, so
much how this Legislature was organized under
the December act, or whether the Governor
had a right to appoint his railroad man a clerk
pro tempore for that purpose; or whether he was
o-:ily a provisional governor; whether his Legis-
lature was provisional or absolute; whether he
scared them from taking the oath; whether his
military board decided on the eligibility of
members or only inquired gently ; whether he
put in his minority pets or not; whether he
required the reratitication of the fourteenth
amendment or not; whether he violated the
law or raised the baton of General Terry above
all law ; whether he elected Blodgett Senator
from one motive or another ; whether he is in
the speculation to sell Kimball's opera house
for a capitol, or whether he has used his usurped
powers to cover up financial operations—carry
out railroad schemes or get rid of a treasurer
who guards the treasury against his designs.
These are the skirmishes in the Radical fight
for plunder. Nor do I care whether the fif-
teenth amendment is endangered; nor whether
the Legislature, when packed, was full of the
Governor's plantation Yahoos or Blodgett's
senatorial supporters: nor do I care to know
just now how much these Yahoos know of the
amendments to the Constitution. It is the
shame of this Congress that they have to deal
with such local squabblers and mercenaries.
Nor does it require a very high order of states-
manship to discuss or appreciate them. It is
the cheap resource of vulgar rulers to torture a
patient and repentant people into wounds and
tears. It is not vigor even. Sydney Smith
says:
"The vigor I love consists in findiog out wherein
subjects are aggrieved, in relieving them, in study-
ing the temper and genius of a people, in consulting
their prejudices, in selecting proper persons to lead
and manage them in the laborious, watchful, and dif-
ficult task of increasing public happiness by allay-
ing each particular discontent."
Has such a policy been pursued in Georgia;
in the South ? Is Tennessee to undergo the
ordeal of the opposite policy ? Is it to be ap-
plied to Democratic New York? Are we to
nave no solatium for past wrongs, and no im-
munity from future griefs? Shall there be no
recantation of fierce oaths or broken faith ? Is
rancor to be still perpetuated under '' funda-
mental conditions ?" Or, if these fail to im-
press us as wise legislators, are there no eco-
nomic canses to teach us to withdraw force,
substitute kindness, and foster trade and inter-
change? Do we forget that in spite of the
hateful and hostile legislation of Congress the
substantial people of the South have by their
production almost enabled us to realize the i
dream of gold and silver coin, and all out of 1
their little cotton-pod?
If these perpetual intermeddlings with local
j affairs are to go on, if this is to be chronically
: fatal, then the people were mocked by the cry
of "peace" when they chose General Grant
! for President; then God has mocked us by
placing us in a fat and fruitful land bound
together by the same skies, rivers, mountains,
valleys, and lakes ; mocked us by fixing in our
hearts the principle of fraternity, and cruelly
mocked us by sending to our star a prince of
peace!
I fear there is but one hope. We cannot well '
return to the saving Democratic principle of
the inviolability and indestructibility of the
States. That principle is sadly mutilated. We
hardly have a rag of it left. But there may bo
enough of its fragments to lift aloft a banner
for the people. When that banner bears us to
victory, then and not till then will reconstruc- 1
tion have its dreary end. Not till then will '
there be for the South " beauty for ashes, the
oil of joy for mourning, and the garment of ;
praise for the spirit of heaviness."
Mr. WOODWARD. Concurring in all the
denunciations of this bill, I do not rise to dis-
cuss it. I rise for the purpose of saying that
I received this morning from a highly respect-
able gentleman in Georgia a letter which bears 1
, directly upon the question which this House is
now to decide; and for the purpose of bringing
that letter before the House I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Macon, Georgia, March 5,1870.
Dear Sir: The inclosed telegram from Washing-
ton appeared in our local paper this morning, and, as
we have no Representative in Congress, I take tho
liberty of writing you a lino to call your attention to
the fact that the law of Georgia with reference to the
term of office of our present legislators is not as Gen-
eral Butleb is represented to have stated it. I in-
close you a copy of the constitution of the State and
the ordinances of tho convention which framed tho
constitution. Paragraph two of section one of arti-
cle three provides that the election for members of
the General Assembly shall begin on Tuesday after
tho first Monday in November of every second year,
except the first election, which it was provided should
be held within sixty days of tho adjournment of the i
convention. The same paragraph provides that
members of the senate shall be elected for four years,
with certain exceptions for a shorter term, and mem-
bers of the house of representatives for two years.
By the ordinance on page 23 the first election was
ordered to be held in April, 1868; and it was therein
provided that the persons then elected "shall enter j
upon the duties of the several offices to which they
have been respectively elected when authorized so
to do by acts of Congress or by the order of the gen-
eral commanding, and shall continue in office until
the regular succession provided for after the year
1868, and until successors are elected and qualified,
so that said officers shall each of them hold their
offices as though they were elected on the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, 18G8." The term
of office of the persons then elected is herein specific-
ally and definitely defined, and under this ordinance
I the term of office of members of the house of repre-
sentatives will expire two years after the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, 1868. There is
no indefinite provision that the term of office shall
be two years after the government of tho State has
ceased to be provisional, as General Butler states.
It is a term bounded by specified dates, and after the
expiration of that term these members of the house
of representatives are no longer members of the
Legislature, although they be pinned to their seate
by the power of the United States Government. This
argument of General Butler's has been advanced
here by Governor Bullock and his party to prolong
their terms of office.
But theotherposition taken by General Butleb, to
wit, that under the constitution of the State mem-
bers of the Legislature havethe powerto perpetuate
their terms of office, is a step further than they have
heretofore dared to go in Georgia. This power is
doubtless sought to be maintained under the last
clause of paragraph two, section one, article( three
of the constitution, which provides that the Gen-
eral Assembly may by law change the time ot elec-
tion, and the members shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified. _ This is not an
unusual law, and is intended simply to provide
against a hiatus in the government, which would
otherwise be occasioned by a change in the time ot
holding elections. In fact we have a general law in
this State, applicable to all officers, that they hold j j
until the expiration of their terms ot office and until
their successors are elected and qualified, A statute
or ordinance must be construed reasonably, and it is
certainly a most unreasonable construction to put
upon tbis clause of the constitution to say that by it
the Legislature may perpetuate itself; for it under
this clause it can add two years to its term, it can
under tho same law convert itself into another Long
1 arliament. The only proper construction of this
clause is the one Ihave suggested. By no legitimate
rulo of interpretation can it bo construed to give the
Legislature power to lengthen the term of office of
its members. This is explicitly declared by the
constitution to be for senators and representatives,
respectively, four and two years.
But however this maybe, no such law has been
passed by the Legislature, and if Congress gives it a
new lease it must bo under the first position of Gen-
eral Butler's, thattheterm of office begins when the
State ceases to bo provisional, which appears to me
to be certainly untenable.
It is a matter vital to our material interests that
this usurpation should notbecficcted. Themajority
of the present Legislature are men who have no stake
in the country and pay no taxes, and their adherent-
crowd the lo'bbies, a hungry swarm, all intent on the
plunder of our State. With the same State govern-
ment, and about tho same debt, our State taxes arc
now six teen times greater than they were before tlic
war. Political principle is dear to us, but this is not
an element in this contest. It is a question whether
or not the State shall be bankrupted, and upon this
issue all honest Republicans who have taxes to pay
in this State are with us. However, the Republican
party in Congress may exult in our politicaldebase-
ment, their own interest should excite some regard
for our material prosperity. Areweneverto "have
peace?" Iftheterm of this Legislature is lengthened
great confusion and uncertainty will result. The
validity of this law, the legality of their bonds, &c.,
will be called in question, and all debts they contract
will undoubtedly bo repudiated. The only debt wo
ever repudiated was the confederate debt; but if this
Legislature i3 allowed to hold over another term, the
debts created by it after tho expiration of its legit-
imate term will not be worth the paper they arc
printed on.
Again begging you to excuse the liberty I have
taken, I am, yours, very respectfully,
A. 0. BACON.
Hon. George W.Woodward, M. C., Washington.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I have
given away so much of my time, Mr. Speaker.
I must ask not be interrupted while-1 endeavor
to restate the points in this on which, so far as
my judgment goes, the decision of the House
should turn.
I propose, Mr. Speaker, scarcely to do more
than state such points in the case on which we
are now to act. In 1867 Congress declared Geor-
gia to be in a state of rebellion against the
United States so far that she was not compe-
tent to any but a provisional government. We
went still further. We said she should not bo
entitled to "any portion of the political power
of the United States until she was admitted
into the Union by law. We went still further,
sir. On the 2d of March, 1867, by an act of
that date, we took away from her the power to
organize militia or to have arms, and disbanded
all the militia forces she then had, in the words
following :
"And le it further enacted. That all militia forces
now organized or in service in either of the States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana. Mississippi, and
Texas be forthwith disbanded, and that the further
organization, arming, or calling into service of the
said militia forces, or any part thereof, is hereby
prohibited, under any circumstances whatever, until
the same shall be authorized by Congress.
Such being her condition^ Oil tfe© 25th of
June, 1868, we passed a law^Mch contained
this provision:
"And the State of Georgia shall only be entitled
and admitted to representation upon the further
fundamental condition."
True; She came hereby her delegates in July
1868, and claimed that ah® was entitled to
representation in this House, and without that
examinationgiventothesubjectwhich we ought
to have given it we admitted two of her Repre-
sentatives upon the statement that all of the
fundamental conditions imposed upon her had
been com plied with. We did notknow at that time
that twenty-seven of the members of her Legis-
lature were men unqualified by the provisions
of ourown laws, unrepentant rebels of the mean
est character, because they would even deprive
and did deprive the negroes of their own seats
whose votes elected tliem 5 tb.Et such constituted
a majority of the Legislature that controlled
the State. Not having that information we
admitted those two, and afterward four others
were admitted. I was speaking on the first
day of the debate only of these first two, and
attention was called to the matter by thegentle-
men from Illinois [Mr. FARNSWOBTH]and Ken-
