3656
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
limn being prevented from voting, for I sup*
pose that the right of a white man is equal to
the right of a colored man, to say the least 
Mr. HOWARD. 1 included the white man
in my question.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say to him this:
that I am in favor of every man who is entitled
to vote, whether he be colored or whether he
be white, having the peaceful exercise of that
right, and just as much opposed to any intimi-
dation or violence to prevent its exercise as
^tlie Senator from Michigan, or any other Sen-
ator on the floor. But when the Senator asks
me to clothe the President of the United States
with a power such as this twelfth section would
clothe him with; to surround any ballot-box
he pleased in this country with the soldiers of
the United States for any purpose whatever
contemplated by this act, not for the purpose
merely of preventing violeuce or insurrection,
bnt, in the language of this twelfth section,
'•for the purpose of enforcing this act" and
compelling obedience to it, whether there
be violence or whether there be not violence,
whether there be disturbance or whether there
be peace; when he asks me whether I am will-
ing to do that, I answer, no. And now let me
say to the Senator that, as old and experienced
a lawyer and reasoner as he is, he ought to
know that extreme cases prove nothing. He
puts an extreme case; lie puts a most im«
proper case ; he puts a case of violence at the
polls sanctioned by the State authorities, by
the State officers, unrepressed by the State
authority; and upon such a mere hypothetical
case as that, a case in no wise likely to arise
at all, he seeks to clothe the President of the
United States with this power that no monarch
on God's earth, where there is a constitutional
Government, possesses or ever did possess.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have
closed the remarks I designed to make on this
amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
think the twelfth section is susceptible of the
construction that is put upon it. It simply
authorizes the President to enforce the pro-
visions of this act according to the mode pointed
out in the act. The last clause, "and enforce
the due execution of this act," is not much
more thau the declaration in the Constitution
itself that the President shall see that the laws
are executed. The detail of the mode of exe-
cution is pointed out in the act.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I desire
to bay a lew words upon the motion made by
the Senator from Nevada before the vote is
taken; but there is very little satisfaction in
trying to explain the provisions of these two
bills, or compare one with the other, when
there are so few Senators to listen. Perhaps
1 could not enlighten anybody on the subject if
I should try. But I must say that I prefer the
House bill to the bill reported by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, because it is a plain,
straightforward, intelligible piece of legislation.
By it remedies are provided for all existing
evils; and that is as far as in my judgment it
is safe or prudent to go at this time ; for this
legislation undertakes to occupy a new field,
one that has not heretofore been occupied by
the legislation of Congress. Laws of thirty-
seven States, differing from each other, are to
be modified, or perhaps repealed by this legis-
lation. Laws, with the provisions of which we
are not at all familiar, are to be more or less
affected by this legislation. It therefore appears
to me that prudence requires that we should
proceed in a careful manner in this legislation,
and only do that now which the necessities of
the case seem to require.
The House bill provides that the officer whose
duty it is to assess persons, who refuses to
assess a man on account of his color, if the
assessment be a prerequisite for voting, shall
be punished. It also provides that if an officer
whose duty it is to collect or receive a tax shall
refuse to do so on account of color he shall be
punished. And it. also provides that, if a pf>r-
son whose duty it ia to register an elector, or
a candidate for elector, shall refuse to act in
conformity to law, he shall be punished. And
so ample provision, it appears to me, is inadu
in the House bill to enable all citizcns of the
United States, without distinction of raco or
color, to prepare themselves for voting and to
vote; and I know of no legal obstacles that can
be thrown in the way except, those that are
provided for by the bill that has been sent to
the Senate from the House of Representatives.
Now, is it advisable for us to go into the
regions of imagination or conjecture with this
legislation ? Is it advisable for u3 to suppose
some possible but not probable case that may
arise, and attempt to provide for it in the pro-
visions of this bill?
Mr. STEWART. I inquire of the Senator
from Oregon if it is improbable that men will
try to prevent the registration of colored vot-
.ers? Is it not a fact that they are trying to do
that now in Virginia and other places? Is it
not probable that they will prevent some from
voting? These things are not provided for in
the House bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say that provision is
made in theHouse bill,explicitly made, to pun-
ish any officer who shall refuse to register a
person on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
Mr. STEWART. It does not touch out-
siders who interfere—mobs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Sir, does the Senator
expect that he can by any legislation which can
be devised here prevent the existence of mobs;
prevent the existence of violence such as some-
times arises at the polls, and will occasionally
arise at the polls at all elections ?
Mr. STEWART. I expect to do just this
thing; if they interfere with the colored man,
and will not allow him to go to the place of
registration and register, I want to make that
an offense, and punish it, if we can enforce the
law. That is what we mean to do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, the bill
that has been sent to the Senate from the House
of Representatives makes ample provision for
such a case, I say, because it provides that if
any person, by threats, fraud, or intimidation,
shall attempt to prevent a person from voting
on account of his race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, he shall be subjected to a
punishment.
Mr. STEWART. "From voting;" but not
from doing these other things.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the Senator from
Nevada gets through talking I will try to pro-
ceed; but it is difficult for two persons to talk
at the same time.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to inter-
rupt the Senator; but I think it will facilitate
matters if we get at the exact points of differ-
ence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I understand these
two bills; I have read them both carefully, and
I am endeavoring to show that the House bill
provides for all probable cases where persons
may seek to interfere with the right of suffrage
on account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude; and if any Senator wilt take the
bill that has been sent here from the House
and read its different-provisions he will find
that in that respect it is quite as effective as
the bill that has been reported by the Judiciary
Committee.
This bill is intended as a criminal code upon
the subject of elections by Congress, and the
House bill distinctly defines and describes the
crimes, and distinctly defines and describes the
punishments that shall be inflicted ; and in that
respect it commends itself to my judgment. I
cannot approve of legislation that i  so vague,
indefinite, and uncertain as not to be under-
stood, ana not to be understood by the com-
mittee who have reported it to the Senate, for
the different members of this committee differ
here as to the meaning of their bill, and differ-
ent Senators outside of the committee enter-
tain different opinions as to its meaning; and
if suoh a pieco of legislation is put boforo the
•fcoumtry it will lead to infinite controversy and
litigation.
The Senator from Nevada proposes a bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment, and upon
that he piles another bill which is intended to
enforce the fourteenth amendment, and upon
that he piles another which is intended to pro-
tect, citizens in the enjoyment of their civil
rights; and this conglomerated mass of incon-
gruities and uncertainties is to be put through
here in the name of a bill to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment!
I object to the Senate bill, because it is
indefinite and vague in all or nearly all of its
provisions. It seems to be a sort of scoop-net
that has been thrown out for the purpose of
catchingsome conceivable cases that mayarise;
and it is not a bill applicable to existing mis-
chiefs, which can be distinctly understood and
can be easily and directly remedied. Take the
second section as mi illustration of the bill. It
reads:
That if by or under the authority of tho constitu-
tion or laws ot' any State, or tho laws of any Terri-
tory, any act is or shall bo required to bo dono as a
prerequisite or qualification for voting:, and by such
constitution or laws persons or officers are or shall
bo ehai'srod with tlio performance of dutios in fur-
nishing to citizens an opportunity to perform such
prerequisite, or to become qualified to voto, it shall
do the iluty of ovcry such person and. officer to give
to all cirhens of tho United States tho samo and
equal opportunity to porforinsuob.prerequisite, and
to becomo qualified to vote, without distinction of
raco, color, or previous condition of servitude; and
if any such person or ollioer shall refuse or know-
ingly omitto uivo full effect to this section, hosball,
for every such offenso, &c.
This section provides that officers who are
charged with certain duties in reference to
elections shall give ail persons an equal oppor-
tunity to qualify themselves for voting. Now,
as to whether certain persons have or have not
an equal opportunity to do a thing is a matter
of opinion about which men may very honestly
differ; and where there is a poll or place of
registration, where there are a thousand, or it
may bo five thousand persons desiring to be
registered, to say that it shall be a crime if the
officer does not give to each one of those live thou-
sand persons an equal opportunity to register
is to describe au offense, it seems to me, with-
out any precedent in criminal jurisprudence.
And then it provides that the officer shall "give
full effect to this section." The crime con-
sists in not giving full effect to a certain section
of a law. Who can tell whether a man gives
full effect or not to a provision of law like that?
Many persous who are interested may suppose
that the officer does not give full effect to it and
he may suppose that he does. Room is left
here for unbounded controversy and conten-
tion over the meaning of this section. If this
law defined exactly what the crime should be,
if a refusal to assess a person upon application
was defined as a crime, then there would be no
difficulty in inflicting the punishment; and so
in reference to registration; and so in refer.-
ence to the different acts required. If each
preparatory act was described, and if it was
declared that any officer who should prevent
the performance of that preparatory act should
be punished, then the officer would understand
his duty, and tho person seeking the benefit of
the law would understand his rights.
I think section three is subject to the same
objection. Much controversy has arisen here
between different Senators as to what this
section means. Sir, the members of this com-
mittee differ as to whether it applies to all
persons, or whether it applies exclusively to
persons of color. I understand the honorable
Senator who has charge of the bill to say that
it applies exclusively to persons of color, while
other members of the committee contend that
it applies to all persons. So under this sec-
tion, according to the construction put upon it
by some members of the committee, one of the
famous New York "repeaters" may. upon his
affidavit anywhere in that city, compel the
judges to receive his vote. We all know that
