1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
successful. Monsieur Tonson may have come
the right time on this occasion. I want the
sense" of the Senate upon it. If any Senator
will read the amendment, and will state that
he considers that the pardons or the amnes'
ties granted by President Lincoln should not
be in substance what they were meant to be in
form, then I will say that he wants something
which is not fair or just. It matters very little
to me whether it conflicts with the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] upon another bill or not. If the meas-
ure is a proper one it should be adopted, and
I trust that in this case it will be. I ask the
sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. By a vote of two to one the
Senate of the United States on the general
appropriation bill put a provision which was
intended to prevent pardoned rebels from suing
the Government of the United States; and
nowhere, before the ink is fairly dry upon that
enrolled bill, the effort is made to cause, in the
last hours of the session, the repeal of that
provision which the Senate adopted by a yea
and nay vote of two to one.
Mr. BAYARD. There was no such vote
last night.
Mr. DRAKE. It was just as I say 
Mr. BAYARD. Last night?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; adopted on the gen-
eral appropriation bill by a yea and nay vote
of two to one, after debate, after deliberate
consideration. It then went to a committee
of conference, and was agreed to by both
Houses, and is now in the body of the general
appropriation bill this very day as the lav/ of
this land; and the attempt is now made in the
last hours of the session to induce Congress to
repeal, within two weeks, what it has deliber-
ately enacted. If done, the effect of it will bo
to throw open the Court of Claims to rebels to
sue the Government of the United States and to
recover more than ten million dollars by the
judgment of that court. If this is what the
Senate wish to do, let it be understood that they
are about to do it.
Mr. BAYARD. I consider the amendment
a perfectly honest proposition, and I consider
that anything which-tends to diminish the sub-
stance and the effect of a pardon and amnesty
granted under your laws and under the Con-
stitution would simply be a fraud on those who
accepted a pardon on those terms.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this propo-
sition on a former occasion was before the
Senate, and as now this is to impair the action
of the Senate on the former occasion, I feel
bound to say a word or two as to what that,
proposition was and how this would affect it.
I do not think the proposition on the former
bill was fully apprehended. It was not a prop-
osition impairing the rights of persons par-
doned by the President; it did not affeet their
property rights in any sense whatever ; it sim-
ply limited the right of persons pardoned to
go into the courts. That was all.
What are the facts? In 1863 Congress un-
acted that any person whose property had been
abandoned or confiscated in the insurrectionary
States, who had not been engaged in the rebel-
lion, might have his remedy in the Court of
Claims. By a decision of the Supreme Court
it was supposed this right had been enlarged so
that any person, whether he had been engaged
in rebellion or not, might sue in the courts.
The provision introduced 011 the bill to which
I have referred was to restrict the persons who
might sue in the Court of Claims to those pro-
vided for by the act of 1863. *
Now, I remark again that that provision was
precisely in harmony with the law of 1868, and
it was to restrain the interpretation which was
supposed to have been put upon it by the court,
so as to keep it precisely within the line of
that statute. It does not impair the rights of
property; but it does impair, I admit, the
remedy which these parties were supposed to
have, and that is precisely the effect. The
proposition of my honorable friend from Dela-
ware is to so far modify the action of the Sen-
ate on a former occasion as to say that any
person, no matter what he lias done during the
rebellion, shall have all former rights revived.
That is the effect of it. Here and elsewhere it
has seemed to turn on the idea that the action
of Congress had really impaired the rights of
property, whereas it has been directed simply
to tlie remedy.
Now, I conceive that this matter is entirely
within the power of Congress. I would not
vote for a proposition which impaired the rights
of property; and if this legislation had any
effect whatever in impairing the rights of prop-
erty I should say that it impaired that faith
which was implied by the amnesty proclama-
tion of President Lincoln. But "whether we
will open the courts of this country to the
creditors of the Government or not is entirely
optional with the Government. It can say
whether it shall be done at all. Of course it is
entirely a matter of expediency to what classes
of persons the Government will open its courts.
When the Government does not choose to open
its courts to citizens who think they have rights
against the Government, it does not at all impair
the rights of property; it simply says to a party
who desires to come into court and prosecute
a suit against the Government, "We d® not
choose to open the court to you; but the halls
of legislation are open to you, and you may
proffer your petition there and be heard, and
if you prove a case, and bring your suit within
those principles of equity and justice which
the Congress of the United States recognizes,
you have a remedy;" and that is precisely
what the legislation now called in question is.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no doubt whatever
that it is quite competent for the Congress of
the United States to pass a law which shall
deprive anybody of the privilege of going into
the Court of Claims. The Court, of Claims
is a creature of Congx-ess and not of the Con-
stitution. Congress may abolish the Court,
and prevent anybody going there. But I sub-
mit that when the Congress of the United
States in 1802 passed an act authorizing the
President of the United States to issue a proc-
lamation of amnesty to certain persons who
had been in hostility to the Government, and
permitted by that statute the President of the
United States to annex what conditions he
thought proper to that amnesty, and when the
President in that proclamation did say that
the acceptance of those terms of amnesty would
be followed by a restoration of all rights of
property except where the rights of third
persons had intervened, the Congress of the
United States ought not to violate its faith thus
pledged. I submit that the taking away of rights
of property is as effectually done by depriving
the citizen of any means by which he can regain
that property as by saying that he shall not
be restored.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will remember that the act restraining the
jurisdiction of the court was prior to the act
which authorized the amnesty proclamation ;
and now I submit to my honorable friend
whether, when a party took the oath of am-
nesty after the proclamation, he did not take
it with tho knowledge that an act theretofore
passed did restrict all persons in their remedy
in the Court of Claims to such as had never
engaged in the rebellion ; and therefore no
expectation 011 the part of such persons could
be disappointed.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not remember the
date of the act creating the Court of Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was prior to
the proclamation of amnesty and prior to tho
act authorizing the proclamation.
Mr. SAWYER. The Court of Ciaims was
created prior to the act authorizing the proc-
lamation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the act
authorizing persons who had not engaged in
the rebellion to sue there was anterior to the
proclamation of amnesty.
Mr. SAWYER. I'do not remember the
dates of the acts; but when the' President
declared that those persons who accepted' the
benefits of that amnesty should have tlieir
property restored to thenj, he meant, undoubt-
edly, and Congress, in authorizing him to
issue such a proclamation, meant also that
that proclamation should be carried out in
good faith. •
Mr. DRAKE. He never did issue a procla-
mation like that.
Mr. SAWYER. It must be remembered that
the class of persons who were relieved by the
proglamation was guarded in the most care-
ful manner ; that all those persons who were
prominent in the rebellion, all those who had
been active, were restricted from the benefits
of the amnesty oath. The class of persons
who could take advantage of it was very much
restricted.
Again, 110 person can get into the Court of
Claims who does not aver that he did not par-
ticipate in the rebellion, to begin with. The
persons whose position in the Court of Claims
wonld be affected by the passage of this amend-
ment, and who are affected by the passage of
the amendment of my friend from Slissouri to
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, are those whose connection with
the rebellion was such that they felt they could
honestly swear that they had not been 'Volun-
tary aiders and abettors of the rebellion.
It was said at the beginning of the speech
of my friend from Missouri, that this was
" Monsieur Tonson come again." That is true;
but I will state also that Monsieur Tonson has
come here again in the shape of that §>10,000,-
000 bugbear. Instead of $10,000,000 it will
not be £500,000 that will be affected by.'this.
| My friend will remember that 110 person can
institute a suit in the Court of Claims to-day
arising out of the rebellion at all'; that the
statute of limitations shuts him out; that this
only affects the people who have suits in the
Court of Claims, which have been there- for
some time—certainly since August, 1868. No
new claimants can come into the Court of
Claims if this amendment should pass.
When this matter was under discussion be-
fore the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
brought up the case of G. B. Lamar, of Geor-
gia, as a man who could come in here and
make a claim. It is perfectly we'll known that
G. B. Lamar has been known to say, since ho
took the oath of amnesty, that he took it for a
specific purpose; and if the Court of Claims
is as wise a court as I suppose it to be, and
the counsel of the Government are as shrewd
as I suppose them to be, he can take no advan-
tage from an oath which he has taken with
such a purpose.
Sir, i can understand very little of the oper-
ations of the intellect of any man who reads
the amendment proposed by my honorable
friend from Delaware, and says it is not con-
sistent with the dignity, the good faith, and the
justice of the United States. It is simply
declaring that what the President of the United
States proclaimed in accordance with an act
of Congress shall by the Congress of the United
States be made good. If you wish to abolish
your Court of Claims, do it; but if you pre-
tend to give back property to men who have
taken tho benefit of the amnesty oath; do not
say to them, " We take nothing fromyou when
we take away all the channels through which
you can seek its recovery."
We know very well what the fate of appli-
cations made to Congress is ; that just claims
are carried over from session to session, and
from Congress "to Congress, and that if the
suitors in these cases are to be shut out of the
Court of Claims by tho amendment made to
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill which passed the Senate the other
day, there is absolutely no hope for them. In
the name of the faith of the American people,
in the name of justice, and for the sake of
preserving the honor of the President who
