1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
ter. ] Now I ask that the communication which
I have referred to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
San Francisco, California,
December 24, 1SG9.
Pear Sirs: It has occurred to mo that certain
circumstances connected with the revenue matters
of this city justified me in sending you such a state-
ment as would enable you to act understanding^ in
your official capacity when called upon to do so with
regard to matters here.
I came hero in company with Supervisor Fulton,
of Baltimore, entirely ignorant of the feuds and
factions in the party, and of the revenue officers on
duty here, and an entire stranger in the city. We
knew nothing of any irregularities in revenue mat-
ters, and were therefore entirely unbiased at the
time we began our investigations. The only man
connected with the revenue department or inter-
ested in our examinations, who came to rail on us
on arrival, was Mr. Lucien Curtis, then acting col-
lector of this district. Ho treated us with the utmost
kindness, and showed a disposition to make our stay
here very pleasant. Ho is shrewd, intelligent, affa-
ble, and altogether prepossessing in manner and
appearance.
under theae circumstances we began our investi-
gations, and examined quite a number of witnesses,
obtained copies of letters of instruction, <fcc. All
these examinations rovealod a most shameful disre-
gard of the revenue laws and regulations on the part
of the collector's subordinates, the gangers and store-
keepers, also on the part of some of the assistant as-
sessors. We found that Curtis was the ruling spirit
among revenue officers throughout the entire State,
and his decisions and instructions have been quoted
at us, not only here, but in several of the other dis-
tricts. We found that he had advised and instructed
gaugers, storekeepers, and assistant assessors; had
advised or encouraged the latter to disregard the in-
structions of the assessor, had repeatedly refused to
correct errors when they were called to his notice,
and in many ways refused or neglected to enforce the
laws and regulations when requested so to do. He
has neglected to seize where there was good cause
and made seizures where there.was no cause.v He has
systematically derided the decisions and instructions
of the assessor and many of the regulations of the
Commissioner; talks much of the propriety and neces-
sity of trying to prevent tho importation of eastern
spirits to compete with the domestic article. The
MorningCall newspaper here, edited by an ex-col-
lector, (Frank Soule,) an intimate of Curtis's, fre-
quently charges upon the Commissioner connivance
with the eastern whisky rings, &c.
The assessor here, against whom we wore some-
what prejudiced when we first came, inasmuch as fee
kept out of our way, and seemed somewhat reticent
when questioned, has tried every means in his power
to correct irregularities, llis letter book for months
past shows instructions issued to gaugers and others
which if obeyed would have done much to enforce
compliance with law and regulations. But the facts
show that his instructions were disregarded by the
gaugers and by some of the assistant assessors, en-
couraged thereto by the acting collcctor and inter-
ested business men.
Assistant assessors, some of them, deride and de-
nounce the laws and regulations, call them imprac-
ticable, foolish, or tyrannical, and so characterize
them to business men who complain of the rigor of tho
laws. In fact some of these officers have acted as if
they held their places at the will of the business men,
and when too particular (?)in their assessments have
been complained of by the latter and removed.
We find very few of the distilleries, rectifiers, and
dealers is spirits or manufacturers and dealers in
tobacco, snuff, and cigars complying with the law.
In some cases brought to our notice the acting col-
lector has been informed of irregularities without
taking any steps to correct or punish them.
Curtis has been collector in fact during the entire
term of Soule and Rawlins; and to Colonel James
Coey, now postmaster here, who was collector for two
days, he (Curtis) sent a man with a proposition to
give Coey $2,000 per month if he (Coey) would con-
tinue Curtis in charge of the office, $1,000 per month
of this amount to be refunded as his salary. This
proposition Coey declined, and was forthwith re~
The collector has sold books of stamps to dealers ;
has issued stamps to parties, or to a party who had
no license as a dealer or rectifier. He was notified m
October last of an illicit establishment, but paid no
attention to the information ; and when Mr. Fulton
ordered said establishment seized a few days ago, on
his own information, Mr. Curtis told his October in-
formant that he (Curtis) had informed the supervisor
of it whenhe had not. After the seizure of the first
fioor and contents Mr. Fulton made further examin-
ation and found an illicit rectifying establishment in
the cellar, which ho ordered seized, and has sinee
ascertained that the October information also em-
braced the cellar and its contents.
He has advised gaugers that daily reports irom
them were a nuisance andunneeessary, although the
law expressly requires them. .
In relation t6 gauging, not to go too much into de-
tail, we have found that thousands of barrels of
spirits have been stamped, masked, and branded,
where the gaugcr never even saw the packages, and
it is seldom indeed that the ganger tests the con-
tends of the packages. Stamps were delivered to
dealers signed in blank by gaugers, and these stamps
were filled up and affixed to the barrels by the deal-
ers, who then sent and borrowed the gauger sstenpu
brand and canceled tho stamps. Even at distilleries
the gauging was equally loose, and packages were
seldom gauged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The twenty min-
utes having expired, the Virginia bill is again
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
it be postponed for the present. I desire to
say a word or two myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the communica-
tion the reading of which has been commenced
will be finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont proposes that the pending order,
which is the Virginia bill, be postponed.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Merely for
temporary purposes, for a brief time.
Mr. STEWART. I fear that if it goes over
now it will go over for the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requiresunan-
imous consent to postpone the Virginia bill
informally, and the Senator from Nevada ob-
jects. The Chair understands the Senator
from Vermont to move that it be postponed.
Mr. CONKLING-. How long does the Sen-
ator from Vermont want it postponed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not over five
minutes.
Mr, CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will consent to let it lie over ten min-
utes.
Mr. STEWART. In order to settle all dis-
putes I will let it go over till a quarter past
two, and then I shall insist on going on with
it. That will give seventeen minutes for this
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the further informal postponement of
the Virginia bill to a quarter past two o'clock
to-day V
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont insist on his motion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a
vote on the motion. I shall occupy but a few
minutes. My motion is to postpone the Vir-
ginia bill till a quarter past two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint res-
olution No. 82 is before the body, and the Secre-
tary will continue the' reading of the communi-
cation which was commenced.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
These things we have found after a superficial in-
vestigation ; but we have gleaned enough more to
satisfy us that when the offices are so reformed as
to offer no obstacle to our labor the developments
will be still more startling.
Theasscssment and collection of the tax on incomes
in the past has been most carelessly performed, and
parties interested have defied the officers charged
with that duty. An officer has been detailed to re-
vise the income returns, but prior to our arrival he
had been deterred from proceeding owing to threats
made against him of removal. Since our arrival we
have assured him that he would be sustained, and
he has gone to work. He has already developed
enough to guaranty tho belief that $500,000 can be
realized from that source, besides penalties, Jfor
example, one man had returned an income in 1867
of 821.000, and in 1808 of §40,000. It is definitely
ascertained that he should have returned $135,000 m
1867, and $257,000 in 1868, and there is good reason to
believe that it will be still further increased. The
party referred to stands high in social and business
circles and has filled a high official position in the
country. When men of this class defy the law we
cannot wonder that more obscure persons should
follow their example. There are many such cases
here, for there are quite a number of large incomes.
To effect a reform there must be a new collector
who will change the personnel of that office entirely
and prepare himself for a vigorous and a bitter fight.
The interest which defies tho law is the money in-
terest of the city—banks, stock companies, and man-
ufacturers. These must all be overhauled andiorced
to comply with the law; but the officers who perform
this duty must not only be honest beyond doubt, but
brave and fearless of social ostracism or personal
violence. In a word, revenue matters cannot well
be worse hero tha.n they are. The most of what is
written above is proven by affidavits now in the
hands of the Commissioner, and mueh more can be
shown if we have the unqualified support of the
Government.
I feel justified in pledging my personal reputation
to tho truth of the foregoing and to reform revenue
matters here if properly sustained. Mr. Fulton is a
gentleman of high eharactcr, the most undoubted
integrity, and thoroughly posted in revenue matters.
His record in the department is second to no officer
on duty, and his success in other parts of the country
has been so assured as to warrant the belief that ho
will make no mistakes here.
If you have confidence in my integrity and ability
to redeem the above pledge I trust you will confirm
the Commissioner's choice of men here, and enable
him to make any neededchanges promptly and upon
his own judgment of what is right in the premises.
It would be almost a miracle if -we could select the
right men for places the first choice, being: entire
strangers in the oity, but we will exert the utmost
caution, and if we err the Commissioner sh6uld be
allowed to try again until the right man is found.
I came here at Mr. Delano's request* in entire ig-
norance of the condition of affairs, and only antici-
Eating a pleasure trip of a few week, but find that ,
c has plunged mo into a most unpleasant business.
He has also sent me a supervisor's commission with-
outmy solicitation ordesire.and expects me to con-
tinue the fight after Mr. Fulton shall have returned
to the East. Reluctant as I am to leave my family
and business for so unpleasant and unremunerative
a place, yet I feel indignant at the abuse the press
here is heaping upon us, and so shocked at the gen-
eral defiance of law shown that I feel a pride in rip-
ping the matter open to its rotten core and showing
the country the true condition of things here. It is
more than can be expected of any one man or any
ten men, however, to do any good with the fear
hanging over them that the Government will desert
them when the trying time comes and leave them
defenseless and disgraced.
The papers are filled with the most sensational
reports of our transactions here, regardless of truth,
dcccncy, or honesty, and never until to-day, and
then only because we sent for him, has any news-
paper man called on us relative to any of the numer-
ous slanders afloat. Of course we will not enter into
any newspaper controversy with any one.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rest of the. letter,
relating to another matter, need not be read.
Mr. COLE. It is but a few lines, and I
think it had better all be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It relates to a matter in
executive session, and I think it had better not
be read.
Mr. COLE. I wish the Senator would let it
all be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the last clause
ought not to be read, as it is in regard to a
matter of executive business. I have no objec-
tion to the Senator from New York examining
the letter, but I prefer it should not be read to
the Senate now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The letter is under tho
control of the Senator from Ohio, being offered
by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. All that I desired to have
read has been read. It simply concludes thus:
You must excuse this long letter, but I think the
facts stated fully justify it.
Very truly, yours, _ B. E. COWE1T.
I fully concur in the correctness of the statement
of facts as above ^forth.^^
Supervisor.
Hons. John Sherman and "Willard Warner,
XJiiiteci States Senate^ kKcisR>vnQtoHt C 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt that the Senator from California believes
that he is in the sincere line of his duty in
making this somewhat ferocious attack upon
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and I
as sincerely regret that he has been, as I be-
lieve, misinformed in relation to the subject or
misled by the representations of parties imme-
diately in interest. The selection of a Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is one of the
most important acts of the Executive. I have
often said that no reasonable sum would be too
great as compensation if we could only obtain
the proper man for the place. It is a difficult
matter to select a man with sufficient intelli-
gence and sufficient executive ability who enjoys
the confidence of tho country for integrity to
administer the duties of that office. In the first
place, he is brought into conflict with various
parties as to the selection of his subordinates,
and those subordinates, by means of the for-
feitures and various other perquisites connected
with the proper administration of the duties of
their office, are more or less interested. _
Mr. President, I knew Mr. Delano in the
other House, and Ibelievehimto be a man as
well qualified for the place as any to be found
in the United States. I have no question but
that he is obtaining more revenue at the pres-
