2714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'Vpril 15,
is not to be treated as a case in court between
two citizens of the country, but we must come
to the consideration of the subject in the light
of the facts and circumstances which surround
us, as involving questions of great State policy
and not of mere technical law, and as affecting
not only the rights of the citizen but the peace
of the country. In matters of government it
will not do to be restricted to a more technical
view of our powers and duties, but we must
look into the necessities and demands of the
occasion. Mr. Story, referring to the rule of
interpretation in matters of government, says:
" Government is a practical thing made for the
happiness of mankind, and notto furnish out aspec-
tacle of uniformity to gratify the schemes of vision-
ary politicians. The business of those, who arc called
upon to administer it is to rule and not to wrangle.
It would be a poor compensation that we had tri-
umphed in a dispute whito wo had lost an empire;
that we had frittered down a power and at the same
time had destroyed the Republic."
This is the practical teaching of the eminent
jurist and commentator, and it may not be
unprofitable to observe its spirit in consider-
ing the matter before us.
Sir, we claim to have a Government that has
power vested in it not only to save its life as
against a war waged by rebels and rebel States,
but to adopt such safeguards as are necessary
to preserve its life after the war is over, and to
give peace and security to the people in the
rebellious territory. This power results from
the very construction of the Government itself,
and should be maintained, in my judgment, if
there were no provision in the Constitution
declaring that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State i
in the Union a republican form of government."
Without this power the Go"ernmeut would
be a cheat and a delusion, utterly impotent to
carry out the great purposes of its creation.
The Constitution was not designed to create a
mere association or compact between inde-
pendent sovereignties, but a great nation ; and
the sentiment pervades the whole frame-work
of that great instrument, that the powers vested
in the United States—legislative, executive,
judicial—are such as are necessary and proper,
not only to preserve, protect, and defend the
whole nation as such, but the rights and liber-
ties of the people in all its parts.
And now, sir, bearing in mind these consid-
erations, let us look a little more closely into
the matter before us. Is the first proviso in
this bill in harmony with the general recon-
struction measures? Is it in accord with the
facts in the case? Is it consistent with our pre-
vious action in passing the act of December 22,
1869? Is it expedient? Is it right? Is it just!
to the loyal people of Georgia to incorporate j
it in this bill? And will it promote the peace ;
of the country ? If the bill is to pass—and 1 j
assure you, sir, that I am not satisfied that we !
should pass any bill at all on this subject at this
time—all these questions must depend upon
the settlement of the other question propounded
here, which is, "From what date should the
State government of Georgia be recognized as
a legal organization ?'' This being settled upon
the law and the facts, if it is expedient to ad-
mit the State now, there should be no further
controversy in regard to the proposition imme-
diately before us. If this is to be fixed as of
the 18th of July, 18C8, the day on which it was
recognized by General Meade, the military com-
mander of the district, then there is an end of
the matter. But if the organization effected
under the act of December 22, 1869, is to be
regarded as the lawful one, then, whatever was
done by the Legislature prior to that time is
not to be regarded as the action of a permanent
Legislature of the State. There^ can be no
middle ground, it seems to me. Now, without
going over again in detail the history of the
transactions in Georgia, let us ascertain, if we
can, how this question should be settled.
General Meade, by his orderof June 25,1808,
announced the names of the persons elected
Governor and members of the Legislature.
There were forty-four senators and one hun-
dred and seventy-five members of the house
of representatives ; three of the senators and-
twonty-eightofthe representatives were colored
men. Directly after this order, declaring the
result of the election, General Meade appointed
llufus B. Bullock, the Governor-elect, pro-
visional governor, who, as such, issued his
proclamation convening the Legislature on the
4th of July following.
In the mean time the act of June 25, 18G8,
providing for the admission of Georgia and
other States to representation in Congress, was
received, and was found to contain the following
provision:
"But no person prohibited from holding office
under theUnited States or any State by section three
of the proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United States known as article fourteen, shall
be eligible to anyoffice in either of saidStatcs unless
relieved from disability as provided m said amend-
ment."
Upon the meeting of the Legislature Gov-
ernor Bullock promptly communicated to Gen-
eral Meade the fact that a number of members
and one or more officers elected in the organ-
ization were ineligible under this act: to which
General Meade replied :
"I feel constrained to say that. I cannot recognize
any act of the Legislature as valid, nor allow the
same to be executed, until satisfactory evidence is
produced that all porsons excluded by the fourteenth
article arc deprived of their seats or oflices in botli
houses."
. This being communicated by the Governor
to the Legislature, each house ostensibly went
through the formalities of an investigation, and
each adopted a resolution declaring that none
of its members were ineligible. The Governor
being notified of this action communicated the
fact to General Meade, still protesting, how-
ever, that there were members and officers
ineligible. But the general, in obedience to
his instructions, declined to take any further
action in the matter, and allowed the Legisla-
ture to proceed to business notwithstanding
the protest of the Governor.
But, sir, we are not left to conjecture as to
whether any of the members of the Legis-
lature were ineligible under the fourteenth
amendment. The recent proceedings had un-
der the supervision of General Terry have dis-
closed the fact that twenty-three of the mem-
bers were obnoxious to that, amendment, and
were consequently disqualified, and either de-
clined or were not allowed to resume then-
seats in the reorganization under the act of
December 22, 1809, nor to participate in :ts
proceedings. 1 say nothing at this point in
regard to the regularity of General Terry's
actions. I onlyrefertQ thefact disclosed by it.
Another of the unlawful and rebellious acts
of this supposed Legislature was the expul-
sion of the colored members. At the assem-
bling of the body they were allowed to take
their seats and to participate in the proceed-
ings of the two houses.
At this time Congress was ill session, and
this may have had a restraining influence. At,
all events business was allowed to proceed,
the fourteenth amendment was ratified, assent
was given to the fundamental conditions pre-
scribed in the actof June 25,1868,and United
States Senators were elected, and no proceed-
ings were had for a month or more looking to
their expulsion. But finally the question was
raised, and early in September the colored
members were expelled and their seats were
filled with persons who had been candidates j
against them and had received only a minority 1
of the votes cast at the election. !
And, sir, I ask why was not this action
looking to expulsion taken at an earlier day ?
Why was such important action as ratifying an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, giving assent to the fundamental con-
ditions prescribed in the law, and the election
of United States Senators allowed to take
place before its consummation? Can any sane
man doubt that it was the intention from the
first to expel these colored men ; that their re-
tention for the time was a fraud, and intended
for deception ?
Sir, all these proceedings were of studied
purpose, and that purpose was twofold: first,
to secure representation of the State in Con-
gress, and thereby, according to their theory,
preclude any further interposition in their State
affairs by the United States; and secondly, to
get and hold the control of the political power
of the State in their own hands. I do not hes-
itate to say that this action on the part of this
Legislature, taken in violation and defiance of
their own constitution, of the act of June 25,
1868, and of the fourteenth amendment, man-
ifested such a spirit of continued resistance
and rebellion to the rightful authority as not
only authorized but required Congress to in-
terpose and provide a remedy for the great
wrong. This was the purpose of the act of
December 22, 1869, and time only can prove
whether that much to be desired result shall
be accomplished by it.
But, sir, we are told that Congress, by the
act of June 25, 1808, plighted its faith to
Georgia that she should be entitled to repre-
sentation when her Legislature ratified the
fourteenth amendment and assented to the
fundamental conditions contained in that act,
and that these requirements have been com-
plied with and the State turned over to the
civil authorities ; and General Meade's orders
arc cited as proving the fact that these condi-
tions were complied with. I have no doubt,
sir, that General Meade made this declaration
in all honesty and sincerity; but, with all due
respect, 1 must bo permitted to differ with
him upon the facts as they appear to me, and
I think I have already shown good ground for
that difference, aud do not, propose to repeat
the argument hero. That body called a Legis-
lature was a rebellious and unlawful organiza-
tion from the beginning, and its whole action
is to be treated as a nullity. We cannot recog-
nize it for one purpose and reject it for an-
other. I repeat,, there is no middle ground.
But, sir, it is time spent in vain to argue this
proposition now. It must be held that Con-
gress by the passage of the act of December
22, 1809, if that act is to be regarded at all.
declared that in its opinion the State of Geor-
gia had not been legally reconstructed, and
that she was not entitled to representation in
Congress; and this I regard as conclusive,
both as to the authority and necessity for
further action in regard to that State.
Mr. President, this brings us to the consid-
eration of what has been done under this act
of December 22, 1869. And I must be per-
mitted, notwithstanding the great respect which
I sincerely entertain for the opinions of the
learned Senators composing the Committee on
the Judiciary, to differ somewhat with them in
their conclusion, as it appears in their report,
on one of the propositions submitted to them
by the resolutions of this body, which conclu-
sion is stated by the committee as follows:
"Upon this history the committee is constrained
to bay (hat in its opinion the before-stated action of
the military authorities was not authorized bylaw."
The military action here excepted to was
simply to interfere so far as to ascertain who
of those persons declared elected to the Legis-
lature by General Meade's order of June 25,
18G8, were qualified and who were not qual-
ified ; and then to see that such as were qual-
ified should be permitted to take their seats
and participate m the organization and pro-
ceedings of that body, and to prevent those
who were disqualified from taking part therein.
The report then proceeds to try to prove that
this Legislature was not "provisional," but "a
part of a new government designed by Congress
to take the place of the provisional government
as a permanent one and to sustain this view
of the matter it cites the order of the general
ot the Army and the correspondence between
him and General Meade in the spring of 1868,
in which the same position is taken. But, not-
withstanding the position that the Legislature
