5546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
issued that proclamation, and of the Congress
that authorized him to mate it, 1 hope the
Senate will adopt this amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. This subject was so thor-
oughly discussed when the amendment was
adopted to. the legislative appropriation bill,
that it can hardly have passed from the recol-
lection of the Senate. But I desire to call
attention to the fact that it is not so much the
establishment of a right as it is the establish-
ment of a principle of evidence that is affected
by the amendment which was then adopted.
Under the acts recited in the amendment
which was offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri to the legislative appropriation bill, and
adopted, the person who went into the Court
of Claims was required affirmatively to prove
his loyalty. That was a necessary part of his
case ia order to give the court jurisdiction
and to enable him to maintain his suit in that
court. Now, when parties who had lived in
the rebellious States went into 'that, court and
produced the proclamation of amnesty, or a
pardon even, reciting that they had been in
rebellion, the court held that such proclama-
tion of amnesty, or such pardon, was not only
evidence of the pardon, but was actually evi-
dence of their loyalty; thus putting the rebel
on a better footing in the court than the loyal
man. The loyal man was required to come
in with his evidence and affirmatively prove
his loyalty, while the pardon of the rebel was
received as the evidence of his loyalty.
Now, this amendment simply provides that
such amnesty or such pardon shall no longer
be received as the evidence of his loyalty. It
is for the Senate to determine whether they
will retract the step which they took in declar-
ing that rebels in the Court of Claims shall not
stand on a better footing than the loyal men.
Thai is simply the question presented.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask my honor-
able friend from Pennsylvania if this new law
U> which he refers does not make the fact that
the party took the benefit of the amnesty proc-
lamation conclusive evidence that he did par-
ticipate in the rebellion?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. SCOTT. I believe it does.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the point to which
many loyal men in the southern States, as I
understand, object. Many of them took the
benefit of the amnesty proclamation who had
not participated in the rebellion, and the fact
itself may now be pleaded as conclusive against
them. If it were made to read ''prima facie
evidence," allowing them to set it aside by
positive proof, it would be right, probably.
Mr. SCOTT. But the amendment offered
by the Senator from Delaware puts them back
in their original position that they had by the
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
a pardon.
Mr. DRAKE. It sweeps away the whole
thing.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will modify the amendment so as to
make the pardon prima facie evidence, but
giving, them a right to prove their loyalty.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer a substitute for the
pending amendment, which perhaps will suit
the views of gentlemen :
That the acceptance of any pardon heretofore
granted by the President of the United States shall
not he received as evidence that any person to whom
tho same was granted did take part in and give aid
and comfort to the late rebellion, or that such per-
son did not maintain true allegiance to. or constantly
adhere to the United States during the late rebel-
lion; and all Jaws or parts of laws inconsistent here-
with are horeby repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. That is worse, if anything,
than its piedeeessor. A pardon recites that the
man has been engaged in acts of rebellion, and
be is pardoned for those acts ; and notwith-
standing his acceptance of that pardon, it is
asked of Congress to declare that the pardon
shall be no evidence of his participation in
rebellion. Sir, it is au invitation to stultify
ourselves.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this ques-
tion was somewhat discussed in connection
with the amendment which the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] succeeded in fastening
upon a bill of a different character before the
Senate. I must confess I am unable to under-
stand the grounds, whether of argument or of
policy, upon which that measure was then
rested, and upon which it is now sought to be
sustained, as against the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware.
In the opinion of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morkill] there is no harm, no injustice
done by the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri as formerly adopted. He puts it
upon the ground that the amendment does not
take away a.right of property. lie concedes,
for he cannot deny, that it takes away the only
remedy whereby that right of property can be
asserted. If that is not a distinction without
a difference I am unable to understand the
meaning of the phrase. What is the value of
a right of property when you take away tho
only remedy by which the right can be as-
serted? When you take away the sole rem-
edy, do you not virtually take away the right
of property ? That seems to me to be too plain
for argument.  
In the next place, the Senator from Maine
argues that because the law of 1803 affixed dis-
abilities upon a certain class of persons so as
to restrain them from prosecuting their rights,
real or supposed, in the Court of Claims, and
that law was prior in point of time to the law
allowing the proclamation of amnesty—the
amnesty, the pardon given by virtue of that
subsequent law, does not operate to remove the
disabilities created by the prior existing law.
1 hope I have staled the argument of my friend
from Maine precisely as it was put.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I meant
to say was that tho parties who received the
pardon did so with a knowledge of the previous
law excluding all persons in their situation
from the Court of Claims.
Mr. CASS.ERLY. That is simply another
way of stating the same proposition. In other
words, you will observe when the amnesty was
granted, in 1804 or 1805, whenever it was, one of
the disabilities on which that amnesty operated
was the disability provided in the act of 1803;
that is, a disability to prosecute his claims in
the Court of Claims. Now, it is perfectly well
settled that the effect of a pardon, for instance,
granted by the executive department is to place
the person receiving the pardon precisely as he
was before the crime was committed; in other
words, it remits him to his original state of
innocence before the law. It purges liiin
not merely of the crime committed, but of all
disabilities consequent thereon.
Now, sir, I can understand how on a law
imposing new disabilities subsequent to the law
allowing amnesty, or subsequent to the act of
pardon, some argument might be made that
the pardon did not wipe out the subsequent
disabilities, although I could not concede the
justice of it, because the power of granting a
pardon, so far as it is an executive pardon, is
a high constitutional prerogative, just as high
and as perfect in itself as the veto power. It
is one upon which Congress has not the slight-
est power to trench. There is no authority in
Congress to interfere with it, to cut it down, or
to limit it in the slightest degree. The pardon
is something which is absolute in its effects.
It wipes out whatever offense or disability
preceded it; and it leaves it totally out of the
power of Congress either to restore the original
offense or any of the disabilities originally con-
nected with that offense, or to create new dis-
abilities as a consequencc of that offense. But
there is no room for an argument that the par-
don docs not wipe out all existing liabilities.
Ilenec, it seems to mo entirely plain so far
as the argument of my friend, the Senator from
Maine, is concerned—an argument which he
presented with that candor and fairness which
1 may be allowed to say uniformly characterise
his discussions of questions—it is not,a souud
one. The disabilities of the act of 1863, of
which this was one, namely, the refusal of the
right to sue in the Courtof Claims, were wiped
out, with the offense itself, by the subsequent
amnesty and by the subsequent pardon.
The Seuator from Pennsylvania thinks that
this is a mere rule of evidence. True, sir, in one
sense it is ajule of evidence; but the question
is whether it is a constitutional rule of evidence.
You might make a rule of evidence whereby
that which was no crime, no offense when the
act was committed, might be made' a capital
offense; so that by a rule of evidence a man
might be hanged for an act which was innocent
when he performed it. Could that be justified
on the ground that it was a rule of evidence?
When a rule of evidence interferes with the
constitutional effect-of a constitutional po wer
it must fall; and it will not do for any Senator
to say that because it is a rule of evidence,
therefore it can be sustained. What you have
to look at is the effect of it.
But the Senator says further that the conse-
quence of the decision of the court in passing
upon the amnesty or the pardon was to put "par-
doned rebels" upon a better footing than loyal
men. I hope the time will come when we shall
have done with these, discussions about "reb-
els" and "loyal men;" when we shall be able to
forget most of the rancors, most of the ignoble
passions which have grown up since the war.
While the war lasted the high, dominating,
overwhelming passion which sustained it and
carried it along had something noble in it, be-
cause it was a passion that involved the high-
est emotions of our human nature, the sub-
limest and the grandest. But after the war
ceased, and since, the rancors, the petty spites,
the jnalice which can be gratified in perfect
safety, without risking either life or limb or
property on the part of those who vent them
on a helpless, broken, and subjugated people,
are entitled to no respect. I hope that the
time will come when we shall be able to say
that we have seen the last of them.
Now, I beg my friend, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to bear with me a moment while
I argue his view with him. He is a gentle-
man with whom it is satisfactory to argue, be-
cause he is open to argument. .He has a mind
which is logical. He is also a trained lawyer.
I ask him, taking his own ground that this is a
rule of evidence, in what respect, is the rebel
any better than the loyal man by reason of the
construction put upon the act of pardon ? In
both cases both parties are obliged to prove
their loyalty. The man who was always loyal
proves it as he proves any other fact in the
case. The pardoned rebel proves it by his
pardon. It is simply a diffeieuce in the mode
of proof, in which neither has any advantage
over the other, if I understand it, except per-
haps in the greater facility of the record proof
over the parol proof to be resorted to by the
loyal man. _ But, sir, is that such a difference
as to make it worth while for us to institute a
policy which, in my judgment, is a violation
of the good faith, of the justice, of the magna-
nimity, and of the wisdom of the American
people?
I know nothing, or very little, of the money-
question involved; how much is to be taken
out of the Treasury. From the former discus-
sion I inferred that be the sum to be paid out
much or little it comes out of money which is
the result of property taken in the South dur-
ing the war, which was sold and the proceeds
deposited in the Treasury as a fund. If I am
wrong, of course I can be corrected ; I speak
only from what 1 have heard in this body.
Now, sir, that money is not tho property of the
United States. It is not money of the Treasury.
It is simply a special fund, the proceeds of
property of private persons during the war and
left in the Treasury to be applied for a specific
purpose, and to this purpose among the rest.
It that bo so, it seems to me that instead of
obstructing the enforcement of Iho claims of
