1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
757
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
W. Parsons, of Grayson county ; J. T. Pret-
lan, Southampton county; John L. Pairo and
D. II. Pannill, of Pittsylvania county; B. C.
Peters, Prince Edward county; B. G. Patter-
son, Rockingham county; Wm, T. Patten,
' Stafford county ; Warren W. Puckett, Frank-
lin county; William D. Pemberton, John
Pearce, and James F. Pendleton, of Henrico
county; W. W. Phelps, Wytheville; A. B.
Paris, Prince Edward county; David.L. Pierce,
Wythe couuty; Charles I. Preston, Roanoke
county; Doctor George E. Rives, Prince George
county ; P. C. Reid, Page county ; Samuel A.
llegensburg and J. B. Robinson, of Essex
county; Augustus W. Bobbins,Gloueestercoun-
ty; Dr. E. C. Robinson, Norfolk; William
llison, Pittsylvania county; Edwin S. Redd,
Prince Edward county; E. C. Randolph,
Lynchburg; Corbin M. Reynolds, Botetourt
county ; E. C. Randolph, Campbell county;
P. N. Redd, Charlotte county; Joseph P.
Ryan, Clarke county ; G. W. Richardson, Han-
over county ; John M. Rexrode, Alexandria
county; Powhatan Roberts, Henrico county;
John H. Reed, Henry county ; William P.
Regnault and John P. Regnault, of Henrico
county; John J. Robinson, Madison county;
W. L. ltiddick, of Nansemond county; Wil-
liam H. Rodefer, Rockingham county ; Eras-
mus Pinker, Shenandoah county ; E. C. Rowe
and L. B. Rose, of Spottsylvania county;
Thomas M.Roxvlett, Petersburg; Daniel Rug-
gles, Fredericksburg, Spottsylvania county;
S. S. Reeder, Russell county ; Williamson
Simmons, Prince George county ; W. T. Suth-
erlin, Danville ; Johnson Sands, Henrico coun-
ty ; John A. Simpkin?, Northampton county ;
Samuel L. Stranghan, Northumberland county;
W. K. Saunders, Buckingham county; Rich-
ard Stokes, Prince Edward county ; Jacob H.
Robinson, Campbell county; John A. Shaw,
Rockbridge county ; William C. Staples, Pat-
rick county; B. M.Seabrook, Henrico county;
H. Snowden, Alexandriacounty; DoctorF. W.
Shelton and James H. Smith, of Augusta coun-
ty; Charles W. Statham, Campbell county ; W.
E. Scott, Charlotte county; William Spears
and William E. Spears, of Chesterfield county;
William R. Sims and William T. Sims, of
Greene county; Jacob L. Slmmale, AYilliam
31. Somers, and James M. Sieg, junior, of
Alexandria couuty; Abram Shepard, junior,
Fluvanna county; William L. Smith, Essex
county ; R. T. Seal and G. F. Strother, of Hen-
rico county ; Samuel J. Stewart, Lexington ;
James H. Shoemaker, Loudown county; R. B.
Sullivan, Madison county; William Smith,
Montgomery county; Nelson Sprinkel and A.
S. C. Spriiskcl, Rockingham county; James
W. Smoot, Shenandoah county; William Scrog-
gins and Green B. Samuels, of Warren county ;
James L. Shoemaker, Scott county; R. Turk
and A. L. Turk, of Augusta county; James
M. Smith, William II. Terrill, Bath county;
George C. Turner, Franklin county; A. J.
Taylor, of Fluvanna county; Henry W. Thomas,
Fairfax county ; F. P. Turner, Henrico county;
George Turner, Louisa county; James W.
Tyman, Madison county; Mahlon Ihonias,
Loudon co[unty:] JohnT. Taylor, Lynchburg;
William Terry, Wythe co[unty;] James W.
Twyman, J. B. Tucker, A. Talor. and J. W .
Troyman, of Madison county; Uilham li.
Vaughan, Middlesex county ; B. B. Vaughan,
Petersburg; P. C. Van Buslurk, Loudon
co[unty;] George W.Wilson, senior, Botetourt
county ; 1'. T. Yf oodward, Middlesex county ;
John c.Woodson, Rockingham county; G.A.
Wingfield, Bedford county ; A. M. Vutt, Nel-
son county; Joel "W  Wotnac find jbrancis xn.
Wat kins, of Prince Edward couniv ; Thomas
H. Williams. Henrico county; Edward A.
Wvatt, Petersburg; William R. Wills, Hamp-
ton county; J. W. Watson and W. i. Young,
of Pa^c county; John L. WToolfolk, Orange
county; W. H. Wilkerson and James L.White,
of Prince Edward Edward county ; F.Woltz,
Roanoke county; B. B. Wilkes, Brunswick
county; R. F.Walker, Henrico county; Thomas
Wood,Charlotteville; David Williamson, Alle-
ghany county ; John A. Wallace and Richard
D. Wills, of Amelia county; Charles D.Wor-
sham, of Chesterfield county; C. R. Wood-
son, Goochland county; B. B. W'oodson, Dr.
Richard P.Walton, Cumberland county : John
Tyler Williams, Dinwiddie county; ICennon
Whiting, Elizabeth City county : Z. Wade,
Franklin county; William ll.Willis, Elizabeth
City county; John W. Wright, William n.
Webb, and F. H. Watkins, of Henrico county;
R. J. Wells, of Henry county; B. T. White
and E. G. Wayland, of Madison county; II.
F. Woodward, of Middlesex county: E. II.
Williams, Norfolk county; Lewis B. Williams,
Orange county; William McK. Wartmann,
Rockingham county ; Sterling T. Watts, Taze-
well county; Robert Wright, Washington
county; William H. Yerby and W. B. Yager,
of Madison county ; S. M. Yost, Rockingham
county; Thomas W. Upsher, Richmond.
west virginia.
Samuel Woods, John Brannou, Benjamin
W. Byrne, and J. W. Davis, Alpheus P. Hay-
mond, Kenner B. Stephenson, Thomas B.
Swan, Charles Baldwin, Monroe county ; P.
C. Van Buskirk.
Approved, March 7, 1870.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act for the Reliefof Polly
Hunt, administratrix, and George W. Hunt,
administrator, of the estate of Walter Hunt,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Patents be, and he is hereby, authorized to
rehear and determine the application of Polly
Hunt, administratrix, and George W. Hunt,
administrator, of the estate of Walter Hunt,
deceased, for the extension of certain reissues
of a patent for the manufacture of paper col-
lars, issued oil the twenty-fifth day of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, which said
reissues are dated and numbered as follows,
namely: November twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, number eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight; February ^seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, number eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven ; April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, number nineteen hun-
dred and twenty-six ; July tenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, number twenty-three hun-
dred and six ; and J uiy twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, number twenty-three
hundred and seven, upon the evidence, in the
same manner and with tne same effect as it it
were an original application, made within the
time prescribed by law for said extensions,
before the Commissioner of Patents, and as
if no hearing thereof had ever occurred: Fro-
vided, That in case'said extension shall be
granted, neither the said administratrix or
administrator, nor any person or persons claim-
ing under them or either of them, shall recover
damages for infringements thereof betweenthe
date of the expiration of the original patent
and the date ot such extensions.
Approved, March 15, 1870.
leave to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of the letters-
patent granted to Thomas Thompson for an
improved machine for folding paper, on the
twelfth day of February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, for fourteen years, in the same man-
ner as if the petition for said extension had
been filed at least ninety days before the expi-
ration of said patent; and that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days
prior to the expiration of said patent, and with
the same effect as ifit had been regularly filed
and acted upou under exisiing laws: Provided,
That any such extension of said patent shall not
affect the right to continue to use said machine
of any person who since the twelfth day of
February, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
prior to the approval of this act, may have pro-
cured and at the time of such approval shall b®
using said machine.
Approvkb, March 23, 1870.
Chap. XXXVII. —An Act to enable John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thomp-
son, deceased, to make application for the
extension of Letters-Patent for an improved
JIachiue for Folding Papers.
Be it enacted by th" Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, that John Ihompson,
executor of 1 homasTnompson, deceased, ha\ e
Cuap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
William Mont Storm.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That William Mont Storm
have leave to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of the let-
ters-patent issued to him for improvement in
revolving lire-arms, for the term of fourteen
years from the eleventh day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, said letters-patent bear-
ing date the eleventh day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, in the same manner as
if the petition for said extension had been filed
at least ninety days before the expiration of
said patent; and that the Commissioner be
authorized to consider and determine said ap-
plication in the same manner as if it had been
filed ninety days before the expiration of said
patent.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of the Sure-
ties of Israel T. Canby, late Receiver of
Public Moneys at Urawfordsville, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sureties of" Israel
T. Canby, late receiver of public moneys at the
land office at Crawfordsviile, Indiana, be, and
they are hereby, released from all liability aris-
ing from any defalcation, omission, or miscon-
duct of the said Israel T. Canby, assuch
receiver, and the proper officers of the Treas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized and directed to dismiss any and all
suits and actions that may have been instituted
against said sureties, and to entei the proper
discharge on the books of the Department.
Approved, March 31, 1870.
Chap. XLL—An Act for the Relief of the
Owners of the Brig Ocean Belle.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Thuseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of tlie
Treasury be, and he is hereby.authorized and
directed to pay to the owners of the brig Ocean
Belle, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of two thou-
sand nine hundred and seventy-two dollars,
in full for damage to the said brig from worm-
ing while under impressment from the twelfth
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
when ordered from New Orleans to Galveston,
to the fifth of September following, when dis-
charged the service.
Approved, March 31, 1870.
