1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 55, not vot-
ing 40, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood. Ayer, Banks, Boaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bingham.Blair,Boles.Booker, Bowen.Boyd,George
\f Brooks, Buc-k, Buckley, Buflinton, Burchard,
Biirdett, Benjamin F." Butler, Roderick 11. Butler,
Cake Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Cobtim, Cook, Conger, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Ferriss,
Fecry.Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan. Halo, j
Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Ilay, Ileaton, Ilellin, i
Hill Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, f
JeDckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Julian, KcUey,
Kellogg, Keteham. Iinapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawronoe,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynoh, McCarthy, MeCrary,
McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim 11. Moore, J esse II.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P Morrill. Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield,
Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith. Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong. Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Cad-
waiader C. Washburn, Willia m B. Wash burn, Wei ker,
Wheeler.Wilkinson.Willard, Williams, John T.Wil-
son.Winans, and Witcher—125.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bird. Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Getz, Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman. Hambleton, Haniill, Hawkins, Holraan,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
May ham, McCormick, McNeely, Milnes, Niblack, :
Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Kico, Rogers,
Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum. Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone. Strader. Swann.Tanner, Trimble,Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bailey,
Bar num. Bennett, Benton, James Brooks, Covode,
Cowles, Dixon. Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Gibson. Hays, Kelsey, Maynard, McGrew, Mch.ee,
Morgan. Morphis, Morrissev, Mungcn, Palmer,
Perce, Peters. Poland, Porter, Ridgway, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph b. Smith, Wo-
vens, Sweeney, Taffe. Van Wyck, Ward, and AVin-
chester—10.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MAYNARD said: Last evening I paired
on the passage of this bill with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Mukken.] I understood at
the time that the pair was to apply only to
yesterday. But I learn that he has leave of
absence ; and he may have gone away, and
perhaps did, under the impression that the
pair was to continue. Therefore I do not vote
on this question.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken. Before mov-
ing to lay that motion on the table, I wish to
state the reason why I have moved to recon-
sider, and why I shall move to lay the motion
on the table. I have voted for this bill, and
I have no doubt that many of those who have
voted with me have been actuated by the same
reasons, simply because I desire the ratifica-
tion of the fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. I desire to throw
no obstacle in the way of the reconstruction
of the southern States, although that recon-
struction may not be accomplished in the way
which I think best. Another reason why I
have voted for the bill is, that I am unwilling
to be found voting on political questions with
the Democrats on this floor. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr, COX. I rise tq a point of order. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts can indulge
in debate, I want-an opportunity to answer liim.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had the right to debate the question
of reconsideration.
Mr. COX. How did he get that right?
The SPEAKER. The bill was not passed
under the operation of "the previous question.
The previous question exhausted itself on the
third reading of the bill.
Mr. COX. I would like to respond to the
gentleman. ,
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
DRAWINGS FOR PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a joiut resolution (II. R. No.
188) providing for publishing specifications
and drawings of Patent Office; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the publication of the abstracts of specifi-
cations and of the engravings heretofore ac-
companying the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents be discontinued after the pub- ,
lication of the report for 18G9 ; and that, in lieu
thereof,, the Commissioner be authorized to
have printed for gratuitous distribution, not to
exceed one hundred copies, of the complete
specifications and drawings of each patent, one
copy to be placed for free public inspection in
each capitol of every State and Territory, one
for the like purpose in the clerk's office of the
district court of each judicial district, except
when such libraries are located in State or ter-
ritorial capitols, and one in the Library of Con- i
gress, which copies shall be taken and received ij
in all courts as evidence as if the same were ,j
certified to under the hand of the Commissioner
and seal of the Patent Office, said copies not
to be taken from said depositories for any pur-
pose except as evidence in a court of justice,
and the Commissioner of Patents is authorized .
and directed to have printed such additional
numbers of copies of specifications and draw-
ings for sale as may be warranted by the actual
demand for the same. All contracts for making ,
copies of drawings are to be made under the :
following provision of chapter one hundred ^
and fifty-five, section nine, of act of Congress
approved June 25, 18(54: j,
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all litho- \
graphing and engraving, where the probable total :
' cost of the maps or plates illustrating or accompany- ;
ing any one work exceeds $250, shall be awarded
to the lowest and best bidder for the interests of the
Government, due regard being paid to the cxccu-
I tion of the work, alter duo advertisement by the
I Superintendent- of Public Printing, under the direc-
: tion'of the joint Committee on Printing: Provided,
That the joint Committee on Public Printing beau- ,
1 thorized to empower the Superintendent of Public j
! Printing to make immediate contracts for engrav-
ing, whenever, in their opinion, the exigencies of the
j; public service will not justify waiting for advertise- ,
; j ment and award."
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, if the House
has given its attention, though I fear it has not,
to the joint resolution coming from the Com-
mittee on Printing just read at the Clerk's desk
it will be apparent that it involves total and
radical change in the manner of publishing the
reports ofthd Patent Office. It is so radical,
so totally dissimilar from the method hereto-
fore employed in the publication of these re-
ports that I feel perfectly justified at this time,
weary though it tnay be with a long debate, to
ask that the attention of the House should be
given for a few moments to the explanation I
shall endeavor to make touching the nature
and effect of this resolution. And right here
I beg to remark if any member of the House
desires to. follow me in what I shall present,
and wishes to have a copy of the joint resolu-
tion, that such copy can be found at the desk
of the Doorkeeper.
Mr. Speaker, early in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress the attention of the Committee on Print-
ing was directed to the very extravagant expense
in connection with the Government Printing
Office, and among the very first items that
attracted their attention was that in connection
with the so-called Patent Office report. It was
found that the House of Representatives ordered
for itself thirty thousand copies of these Patent
Office reports, and an examination into the
expense connected with that report convinced
us that it was the duty of the House, if it did
not entirely stop, at least to curtail the publica-
tion of this report. Accordingly, as chairman
of the committee, I had the honor on the 21st
of March, 1866, to present a resolution to the
House reducing the number of copies hereto-
fore ordered of that report from thirty to fifteen
thousand, making a reduction of fifty per cent.
In referring to the debate that took place on
that occasion I am glad to see that I announced
to the House that the passage of that resolu-
tion even for that year alone would save this
Government $128,700. It not only applied to
the resolution requiring the printing of books
for that year, but it was retrospective in its
character and applied to the books for the years
1863 and 1864.
Andnow,justat this time, in connection with
the recommendation of the committee I may
say to the House that the recommendation of
the committee was wise, and the action on the
part of the House was also wise in conforming
to that recommendation. I beg leave to call
attention to the cost of that report as existing
by the record of that time. Mind, you were
printing at that time thirty thousand copies of
the Patent Office reports at an expense of
$90,092 42. The House did the committee the
honor to sanction this recommendation, and
reduced that fifty per cent., so that, except
one year when we increased the number two
thousand, the House has ever since agreed to
the recommendation of the committee; until
now we find on comparison with the number
printed in 1862 with the number printed in 1806
a reduction of fully one hundred and fifty per
cent. And in order that the House may see
the economy, the wisdom, the policy there was
in this recommendation I beg leave to call
attention to the significant fact that while at
that time we were printing one hundred per
cent, more copies than to-day, the expense
being $90,092 42, so great has been the increase
' in this book, so enormous the demand upon the
Treasury to print this book, and so great the
increase in the number of patents, that even
with the redaction I have named the report of
, 1867 will cost us over two hundred thousand
dollars. Gentlemen can estimate from this
1 what has been the saving to the Government
by the reduction which the House saw fit to
make at that time, and they can see what
| would have been the largely increased expense
in connection with this book if the House had
not seen fit at that time to reduce the number
; of copies. So much, sir, for the history of the
! reduction recommended by our committee in
1866, and the action of the House from that
time to the present in accordance with the
recommendation of our committee.
I now come to another significant fact to
which I ask the respectful attention of the
House. I find on looking into the report of
the Congressional Printer that of the $440,000
charged for the printing ordered by the House
of Representatives $218,000, or almost one hal f
[ of the whole amount, is to be credited to the
printing of this Patent Office report. Such
being the fact, our attention has been again
i directed to the character and value of this
i report. And just here, lest I should awake
j the jealousies of some of those who prize
: highly, and I trust we all do, the inventive
talent of the country, I beg to say that we are
aware that we owe a debt of obligation to that
talent; and in looking to any reduction in con-
nection with this repdrt we must bear in mind
not only that inventive talent, not only the
interest of individual inventors, but the interest
of the Government also. We have given to
this subject a most careful and thorough invest-
igation, and the data which I shall present to
the House are of the most reliable character.
They have been furnished to me by men of
responsibility, whose vouchers I hold in my
hand.
\ Now, that the House may clearly compre-
! hend what we propose, it may be right that I
j should refer to the manner in which this Patent
5 Office report is now given to the public. We
all know that the chief points embraced in the
: so-called Patent Office report are the speci-
fications and the accompanying illustrations.
1 These, if made full and perfect, convey to the
ji people avast amount of useful and remunera-
!j tive knowledge. There is no doubt of that.
ii The committee recognizes that fact. But when
;i vve look at the report, and when we consider
that it has grown from a pamphlet of thirty-
seven pages in 1843 to four large volumes in
