1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3659
I shall occupy but a mo-
no uecessity for applying a remedy 1 Why, sir,
all the colored voters were excluded in Lou-
isiana. What did they do in Georgia? In
almost every county they did precisely the same
thin#. The same thing is true of portions of
Mississippi. What did they do in Tennessee?
Notwithstanding that by their own constitu-
tion, a constitution which they themselves had
adopted, the negro was entitled to the ballot,
lhey drove him from it last fall en masse.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senator to allow
me one moment.
Mr. STEWART.
inent myself.
Mr. FOWLER. I wished merely to make
one remark. I live in Tennessee ; I -was in
Tennessee last fall, and I know of no such fact
in the history of the State as the Senator from
Nevada here sets forth. I presume he is mis
taken, and that he meant to refer to some
other State.
Mr. S IE WART. I may possibly be mis-
taken; but if one fourth of what is published
from that State is true, if one fourth of the
memorials and reports of investigations from
there, or the one hundredth part of them is
true, it is bad enough. We know this : that
the vote in Tennessee last fall fell off more
than one half.
Sir, the object is to lull us to sleep, to allow
this session to pass by, saying there is no neces-
sity for legislation, so that the Democrats may
obtain possession of the other House by driv-
ing voters from the polls this fall. When the
lil'ieenth amendment was pending I warned you
that if it was not got through at that session it
never would be passed. You passed it, and
T. e have got it. Now, I say that if you do not
pass a law at this session to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment the negro will not get the
ballot for many, many years. Pass this law,
appoint your ageuts under it, make it effect-
ive, and there will be no trouble at all. It will
he submitted to then, and it will cost nothing.
'1 hen; will be no lawsuits when you have the
machinery and the power to enforce it. But
u you allow this session of Congress to pass by
without actiou, and the elections come on next
lull lor members of the other House, you will
lind that House filled without the vote of the
black man. That is the opinion of every
rout hern rnau with whom I have conversed on
this subject. They all agree that that is the
animus.
Now, I wish to reply to one or two criticisms
that have been made upon the bill. It is stated
that the affidavit which the voter is to make
tinder the second section authorizes an arrest.
That is not so. The voter makes his affidavit,
and that entitles him to vote, if he is otherwise
qnali.ied ; but in order to arrest the party who
offends against the law it must be set forth that
the voter has made this affidavit, and be must
show that he was otherwise qualified. It sim-
ply serves the place of registration if he has
been driven from the registration office; it is
to provide then that he shall not be required
lo register. That is all there is about it. That
is fair. I f he is otherwise qualified and a legal
voter, and is driven away from the registration
office, he should not be required to register.
A man should not be required to do an impos-
sible thing, and other parties should not be
allowed by fraud to take from him the oppor-
tunity to register, and thus deprive him of his
vote.
The Senator from California says, or uses
words to that effect, that the parties who are
to enforce this law will be a horde of bad men.
Who are they, and who are to appoint them I
The commissioners are to be appointed by your
circuit judges. I think 1 have heard that Sen-
ator, as I have heard most Senators here, com-
mend the new circuit judges who have been
appointed by the President. Can tbey not be
t rusted to appoint commissioners to execute this
law? Are they all to be bad men? I believe
that a better set of appointments has rarely
ever been made than the circuit judges who
have recently been appointed. The country is
satisfied with them and willing to trust them.
The bill is guarded in that particular. Shall
we not use those instruments?
But Senators tell us it is no use to pass this
legislation. Make a declaration that the negro
ought to vote, but do not have any machinery
whereby that declaration can be put into force.
Sir, I care for no bill unless it secures the vote
to the negro. That is what I am after, and
that is what I propose to do.
But, sir, I rose for the purpose of making a
motion that at five o'clock to-day the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. COLE. And then we can have a short
executive session in the mean time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The Senator from Nevada moves
that the Senate take a recess at five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. THURMAN. That requires unanimous
consent, does it not?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. THURMAN. How is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does re-
quire unanimous consent while another subject
is pending.
Mr. STEWART. If objection is made to
it I shall move to pass over the pending bill
for the purpose of submitting that motion.
Does the Senator object to it?
Mr. THURMAN. I think, under the reso-
lution .we adopted yesterday, we are to have a
night session to-morrow night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That does
not commence until next week.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think the Senator
will object to my motion. We adjourned last
evening to suit the convenience of certain Sen-
ators.
Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. SUMNER. Let
us finish this bill to-night and then adjourn
over.
Mr. THURMAN. If Senators wish to have
a night session I do not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection to entertaining the motion, the
question is on agreeing to the motion of the
Senator from Nevada, that at five o'clock the
Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CANAL. j
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman] some days since introduced a
resolution in regard to the canal in this city.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
have been gathering the best information that
they can to enable them to act intelligently
upon that subject. I hold that evidence in my
hand. I x-eport it from the committee, and
move that it be printed aud again referred to
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. If we are to have a night
session we ought to do that.
Mr. STEWART.' No; I do not think we
ought now to agree to adjourn over. We can
do that some time in the evening if we find
that we can get through with the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; let us do it now.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no objection,
I should be glad to have that motion put.
Mr. STEWART. I object to it now; be-
cause if by any accident we should not get
through with the bill to-night we ought to dis-
pose of it to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. It
will be time enough to settle the question of
of the Senator from California is in order. It
is moved that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At five o'clock the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m.
adjournment over this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
AGRICULTURAL KEP011T.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, transmitting his annual report, for
18G9; which was referred to the Committee oi!
Printing.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 198) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the commissioner of quarantine, or
other proper authorities of the State of New
York, the steamer Illinois, for quarantine pur-
poses ; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and jointresolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 2002) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the ship Nightingale ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2001) to compensate the
officers and crew of the Kearsarge for the
destruction of the rebel piratical vessel Ala-
bama ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 291) for the
relief of Chief Engineers George Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy.
The following House bills were respectively
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 2063) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square No.
37G in the city of Washington ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the pream-
ble of an act in relation to the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved April 22, 1870.
j SIERRA IRON COMPANY.
i Mr. COLE. I dislike to ask action upon
t this bill when the Senate is so thin, but I am
very anxious to have the bill (S. No. 489)
taken up. I will say that if it passes now, in
case there should afterward be any objection
to it I will not then object to a reconsideration.
This is a local bill, and relates to a branch of
industry in my State that needs encourage-
ment, and the persons engaged in it are rather
solicitous about it. They area very worthy com-
pany of gentlemen, and should be encouraged
in this new enterprise for the Pacific coast.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 439)
to grant lands to the Sierra Iron Company was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line six, after " six
hundred" to insert "and forty," and in line
eight to strike out "ten thousand" before
"acres" and insert "three thousand two hun-
dred ;" so that, if amended, tho section would
read:
That there is hereby granted to tho Sierra Iron
Company, of California, the right to purchase of tho
unoccupiod public lands of the United States, in tho
mannerand upontheterms hereinafter expressed, six
hundred and forty aeresin the vicinity of Gold Lake,
Sierra county, California, embracing tho iron ores
now claimed by said company, and three thousand
two hundred acres near the site selected for tho
works and furnaces of said company in Mohawk
valloy, Plumas county, California.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section tlir^e,
motion j; line six, to strike out " $1 2-V
nd
