1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4603
in thirty days after the notification of such
assessment shall have been left at the property
assessed) in front of or adjoining their prop-
erty, when the work so fronting or adjoining
their property shall have been completed to
the satisfaction of the commission and assessed
by them, the said commission shall issue cer-
tificates of indebtedness against the property,
which certificates shall bear interest at the rate
of ten per cent, per annum until paid, and
which, until they are paid, shall remain and be
a lien upon the property on or against which
they are issued; and that if the said certificates
are not paid within one year the said commis-
sion shall, upon the application of the holder
thereof, proceed to sell the property against
which they are issued, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to pay said tax, such sales
to be first duly advertised, daily, for three suc-
cessive weeks, in some newspaper published
in the city of Washington, and to be made at
public auction to the highest bidder; and a
deed given by the commission in pursuance
hereof shall be deemed and held to be a good
and perfect title to any property bought at such
sale hereby authorized; provided that the
owner of said real estate shall have the right
to redeem the property sold by paying the
amount of purchase-money and twenty per cent,
on the amount of the said purchase within one
year from the date of the sale.
The question was on seconding the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading
of the bill.
Mr. COBURN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman who has introduced this bill a single
question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COWLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation of virginia members.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, submitted the
following resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the United
States be, and he hereby is, instructed to pay to each
of the members of this House from the State of /ir-
ginia the same amount of compensation paid to other
members of the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. I)AWES. That is contrary to the law.
The law fixes the compensation.
Mr. ALLISON. Then it ought not to pass.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 45, noes GO; no quorum, voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Mr. Sheldon, of New York,
and Mr. Scofield.
The tellers having taken their places,
Mr. DAWES said: I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sheldon] to allow
the resolution to go to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. If it is against the law, as I have stated
it is, it will only expose the Sergeant-at-Arras
to prosecution.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York. I call the
gentleman to order.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was next on ordering the main
question.
Mr. DAWES. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. platt] consents to the resolution
going to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PLATT. The resolution being in
charge of the gentleman from New York, [Mr,
Sheldon,] I have no right to consent.
The question was taken upon ordering the
main question ; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 49, nays 96, not voting 85: as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Arnell, Atwood. Axtell, Banks,
Barry, Bennett, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Crebs,
Degener, Dixon, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fitch,
Harris, Hays, Heflin. Hoar, Johnson, Kellogg, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCormick, McGrew, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Negley, Newsham,
Peck, Peters, Rice, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober,
Starkweather, Stokes, Strader, Strickland, Taffc,
Van Horn, Wheeler, and Eugene M. Wilson—-49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper,
Bailey, Beainan, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bird,
Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr. Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Duval,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Getz,
Haight, Baldeman, Hamilton, Hay. Hooper, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Knapp, Lafiin, Lawrence. Lewis, Logan,
Marshall, McCrary, McKee, Mc^Neely, Jesse II.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.Morrill,
Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Stiles, Stoughton, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Van Trump, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Williams, and JohnT. Wilson—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Barnum, Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, George M.Brooks, James Brooks,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Conner, Covode,
Davis, Dockery, Dox, Ela, Fldridge, Gibson, Gilfil-
lan, Griswold, Hale, Hamblocon, llamill, Hawkins,
Hawley, Heaton, Hill. Iloge. Ilolman, Hotchkiss,
Alexander H. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lash,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, McICenzie, Mercur,
Milnes, Ehakim H. Moore, Myers, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Schonck,
Schumaker, Shan ks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Worthington
C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson. Stone, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Van Aukcn,
Van Wyck, Voorhees. Wallace, Whitmore, Wilkin-
son. Willard, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, Wood,
and Woodward—S5.
So the House refused to order the main
question.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion, and I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection ; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on the Jfdi-
ciary.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duties on potatoes and fis1i.
Mr. FOX. I offer the following preamble
and resolution, upon which I call the previous
question:
Whereas in a bill that recently passed the House
the duty on live animals has been raised from twenty
to thirty per cent, ad valorem, thereby enhancing
the price of beef and pork to the consumers on the
Atlantic coast; and.whereas the duties on potatoes
and lis-h, the food for the poor, aro now almost or
quite prohibitory: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be directed forthwith to leport a bill reducing
the duties on potatoes and all sorts of fish one halt
or fifty per cent, on the existing rates of duties.
I desire to inquire whether, if the resolution
gives rise to debate, it goes over under the
rules?
The SPEAKER. Yes, unless the previous
question be seconded.
Mr. FOX. I desire to make a test question
on this resolution in behalf of the poor, and I
therefore move that the resolution be laid on
the table; and on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays, and I will state that on that motion
I shall vote "no."
Mr. maynard. Can a gentleman intro-
duce a resolution and then move to lay it upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. He can.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and itwas decided
in the negative-—yeas Co, nays 85, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey. Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles, Buck, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Anasa Cobb, Cowles,
Dawes, Dickey, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Hamilton, Hai-
ris, Hoar, Kelley, Kelsey, knapp, Laflm, Lawrence,
McCarthy, McCormick, McKeo, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Packer,
Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Proseer, Roots, Sawyer, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stouguton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Trimble, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace,
Ward, Whitmore, John T. Wilson, and Witcher—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Atwood, Banks,
Barry,Beainan, Beatty, Benjamin, Bird, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr,
Cessna, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Coburn,Cook, Con-
ger, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth. Ferry, Finkelnburg.Fitch,
Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hay,
Hooper. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones. Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lash, Lo-
gan, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCrary, Mc-
Grew. McNeely. Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Negley, Newsham, Niblack. Orth,
Packard, Peck, Porter, Potter, Randall, Reeves.
Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Sher-
rod, Shober, Slocum, Stiles, Swann, Tyner, Cadwal-
oder C. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Williams, and
Winans—85.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Barnum, Beck, Bigg3, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Conner, Covode, Davis, Degener, Dixon,
Donley, Eldridge, Garfield, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale,
Ilambleton, Hainill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Hea-
ton, Heilin, Hill, Hogc, Holman, Hotchkiss, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Keir, Knott, Lewis, Loughridge,
Lynch, McKenzie, Mercur. Milnes, Eliakim II.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Paine, Perce, Ridgway,
Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Strader, Swee-
ney, Townsend, Twichell, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Van \Vyck, Voorhees, William B. Washburn,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and. Woodward—89.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and on that motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. COX. My point of order is that my
colleague, [Mr. Fox,] who submitted the reso-
lution, should be recognized by the Chair in
preference to any other member.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who offered
the resolution moved that it be laid ou the
table, which motion waslost. The Chair has,
therefore, recognized a member who is opposed
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pox]
who offered the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
motion to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. POX. On that question 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 42,
not voting 76; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Atwood, Axtell.
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Cessna, Churchill,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Don-
ley, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,Finkeln-
burg,Fisher,Garfield,Hamilton, Harris, Hays, II eflin,
Hoar.Hooper,Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lafiin, Lash, Lawrence, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, MeGrew,
McKenzie, Jesse II. Moore. William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,Negley, Newsham, O'Neill,
Packard,Packer,Paine,Palmer, Peek, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Sanford,
Sawyer, ScoScld, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stousbton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe, Tanner, Tavlor, Tillman, Tyner, Ucson, Van
Horn, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Whitmore, Yv llliama,
John f. AV"ilson, and Witcher—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Asper, Bird, James
Brooks, Burr, Sidney Clarke, Conner, Cox, Crobs,
Dickinson, Dox, Fitch, ¥ox, Get®, Haisht, Haldeman,
Hawkins, J ohnson, ThomasL. Jones, Marshall, May-
ham, McNeely, Morgan, Morrissey, Niblack, Orth,
Potter, Randall, Beeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, William J. Smith, Stiles,
Swann, Eugene k. Wilson, Winans, and Wmches-
Q2,
NOT* VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Barnum, Barry, Beckt>Biggs, Lingham,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Back, Benjamin 1. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, William 1. Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Deeoner, Duval, Bl-
dridge.Gifisoi), Gilfillan, Griswold, Hale, ilambleton,
