1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
Mr. WARNER. In order to give me the op-
portunity to say what I desire to say, I move
that the Virginia resolution be postponed and
that we take up the resolution of the Senator
from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama moves that the pending
joint resolution be postponed, with a view of
resuming the discussion which was interrupted
by the expiration of the time fixed for the
resumption of the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. That discus-
sion can be finished some other time. The
resolution of the Senator from California is
still on the table, and has not been disposed of.
Mr. WARNER. I simply desire to make
one remark, and I have submitted this motion
for the purpose of making it. I deem it due
to a friend. The character of General Cowen
has been assailed, and I simply desire to say
that I have known him long, and I know that
his character among those who know him is
above reproach for honesty and integrity. I
now withdraw my motion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn, and the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 85) declaring Virginia entitled to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from West Virginia
to the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to speak on that
amendment, and not on the whisky ques-
tion, although I take an interest in it, I confess.
[Laughter.] The substantial effect of the
amendment of my friend from West Virginia
is to admit Senators and Representatives from
the State of Virginia at once under this resolu-
tion, and to require the members of its Legis-
lature and the officers of its government to
take the test-oath, in conformity to_ the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, after-
ward. Now, it seems to me upon principle,
and a principle that ought to prevail in our
action when we are dealing with one of these
States, that whatever we think it fit should be
done (as we all agree, I believe, that it is fit
we should know whether that Legislature is
composed of persons obnoxious to that amend-
mend or not) should be done before the final
act of restoration is completed. It is one thing
to require that these people shall ascertain
what their composition is under the Constitu-
tion of the United States after they are'com-
pletely restored, and another thing to require
them to ascertain what that composition is
under the Constitution before you receive their
Senators into this Chamber and their Repre-
sentatives into the other; and there is the dif-
ference.
It does seem to me that Senators ought not
to be in such haste to see the two Senators from
Virginia here, and this act entirely completed
in every respect, as to make them jump over
a principle which it seems to me all must agree
is salutary, in requiring whatever is to be done,
if it is fit to be done at all, in respect to know-
ing what the condition of that Legislature and
that government is, before the final act of re-
ceiving them is accomplished; because once
received, there is much difficulty in dealing
with the subject, if it should require action
afterwards, even if it should turn out that the
whole of these bodies are persons who cannot
take this oath. There is the difficulty. I hope,
therefore, that Senators will not find it expedi-
ent to take the step of declaring that her Sen-
ators shall be received, until in a few days we
can know the condition of that people and their
purposes and motives, by applying this test to
them, which they can take or reject as they
please.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Vermont whether in his opinion the elec-
tion of United States Senators by the Legis-
lature of Virginia is a valid and legal election,
one which we shall be bound to recognize in
case this resolution shall pass? If I under-
stand it rightly the Legislature of Virginia had
no authority to enter upon the election of Uni-
ted States Senators at all. The whole extent
of their duty was to pass upon the fifteenth
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is undoubtedly the
law.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; then there is
no election of Senators, and no occasion to
admit them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not necessarily
follow. Undoubtedly the election of Senators
in Virginia as it stands at this moment is, as
it respects the Constitution of the United States
and as it respects this body, which under the
Constitution is the sole judge of it, totally
ineffectual, or as it would be said of a will in a
technical sense, totally inofficious. It has no
legal effect; but it will have legal effect breathed
into it if we choose to ratify it and treat it as a
valid election. There is the form; and it is
only in analogy to elections that have taken
place in various of the other States, to elec-
tions that have taken place in what were really
Territories about to form themselves into
States in anticipation of their admission here.
I must admit to my friend from Michigan that
I do not think it is a good practice ; but it has
been the practice for a great many years, and
has been acquiesced in. Of course we can re-
verse the practice; but it is questionable whether
we ought to reverse the practice as to any par-
ticular case, unless there is some very good
reason indeed for doing so.
Then, Mr. President, speaking again of this
amendment and of the propriety of having
what is to be done done before they are admit-
ted, we must not forget that among our own
political friends, men whose feelings and whose
judgments we ought to have respect for, there
is extreme doubt, extreme solicitude as to the
propriety of this measure at all, upon the ground
that they feel and they see, as they think, that
it is only to enhance the danger to the people
of that State that exists now, that they are to
be in a worse condition than they are now.
Let us, as far as we can, endeavor to harmon-
ize views by imposing some sort of test which
shall be applied to the members of that Legis-
lature and to the members of that government
before they are admitted which shall induce
them to say upon the record and under oath
that they belong to a class of persons who are
entitled to administer that government, and
thus give us some little proof of their good faith
and of the way in which they are to administer
it. I am sure Senators ought not to object to
that.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that the
Senator from Vermont does not entertain, and
therefore does not appreciate the real objec-
tion to his amendment, which objection is the
recommendation of the amendment offered by
the Senator from West Virginia. It was said
yesterday that this amendment was to provide
a mere idle ceremony—I borrow the language
of some Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not I that said it.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I think it was not the
Senator from Vermont. If that be so, of course
the fate of this amendment in either form is
immaterial; but I submit to the Senate that the
reverse is true. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Mortox] pointed out that a single man
might defeat the taking effect of this resolu-
tion, and the Senator from Vermont modified
his amendment so as to obviate that objection.
Now, I take it—and I ask him to attend to
the suggestion which I endeavored yesterday
morning to make to him—I take it as he now
understands it, and as doubtless it has come
to be by the modification which he has made.
Then my objection to it is this: that it deposits
with twenty men in Virginia, no matter who
they may be, the power to say whether this
resolution shall take effect, whether the fif-
teenth amendment of the Constitution shall be
adopted as regards Virginia, and whether the
election of United States Senators shall or
shall not cease to be inofficious, as the honor-
able Senator said, and come to be valid.
Why do I say this ? By the constitution of
Virginia the number of the members of the
senate of that State is forty, A majority is
necessary to do business. Now, if twenty
men, for reasons no matter how conflicting,
no matter how heterodox, made up frohi no
matter how many different directions, choose
simply to resort to abstinence, what is the re-
sult ? First, this resolution takes noeffect; the
State of Virginia does not come 'in. Very
well. Many Senators think it would be better
if the State should not come in. Thus I con-
sider upon that point that the argument
would be, as the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Summer] by nodding his head indicates
he thinks it is, in favor of the amendment.
Let us admit that. But what else is to follow?
The ratification of Virginia of the fifteenth
amendment falls, does it not ? Now, the hon-
orable Senator shakes his head ; I suppose
partly because he does not listen to the ques-
tion or apprehend what it is. Does that Sen-
ator mean to say that the ratification of Vir-
ginia would be good if Virginia were not read-
mitted to the Union ; that before she comes
back, and without her coming back, she has
power to speak in ratification of a constitu-
tional amendment? Surely he does not mean
that. If he does I shall wait to be set right.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean simply that a loyal
Legislature would at once give a loyal ratifica-
tion to the constitutional amendment, so that
we should have a ratification that was not
merely formal, but substantial.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
see the error into which I fell by supposing
that the Senator from Massachusetts could be
Saying attention to the debate. [Laughter.]
[is mind, as the Senate sees, is somewhere
else; it is roving at large in that immense
domain which it occupies. [Laughter.]
I was submitting to the Senate that if twenty
men abstained from taking this oath there would
be no Legislature at all. That is a matter of
course ; we all agree upon that; and therefore
it will be seen by the Senator, if he will now
observe it, that the ratification of the amend-
ment in futuro by this Legislature could not
happen, because the very point is that if twenty
men fail to take the oath there would not be a
Legislature. There would be a Legislature in
fieri, but not in fact.
The Senate will see, then, that if twenty
men, should the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont be adopted, were to fail to take
this oath, not only would Virginia not be recog-
nized—which I will admit now, for the sake
of argument, would be advantageous—but two
other things would follow: first, the fifteenth
amendment would not be ratified as to Vir-
finia. Now, test this one moment practically,
'he honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr,
Drake] held the Senate for three days in grave
consideration of an amendment the great rec-
ommendation of which was that were Virginia
now recognized within ten days a majority of
that Legislature would be found to rescind the
ratification of this amendment. And yet the
proposition is to deposit with twenty men the
power to secure that same result. If there be,
as Senators have argued here, a majority m
the Legislature of Virginia fatally bent on mis-
chief, a majority determined to strike down the
fifteenth amendment, why should we deposit
with twenty men the power thus to strike it
down ? And yet upon any construction that
must be one of the results. So with the elec-
tion of United States Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is to prevent those
same twenty men from to-day striking it down
by a simple act of resignation, if it is to have
that effect ? They are only then out of office.
Mr. CONKLING. Why, Mr. President,
