5548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July>13,
he has omitted to do what scarcely one Senator
- —- —   iwiuiuioouun manes
the recitals of that pardon conclusive evidence
against him of a falsehood, of a state of facts
• io It not exist Is that just? Is that
right? Upon what principle of government,
of policy7 can that be justified? I know of none
whatever.
The Senatorfrom Pennsylvaniaassumes that
because by the law establishing the Court of
Claims the cjaimant must at some stage of the
case prove his loyalty, therefore it is no injus-
tice to a man who was once disloyal to let
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
remain a part of the law of the land. His argu-
ment, so far as I understood it—and if I aid
not understand it I shall be very glad to be
corrected—was to this effect: that the fact of
loyalty was a fact necessary to be made out in
proof in the progress of the cause, like any
other essential to the case ; that it was a fact
independent of any pardon, and consequently
no pardon could affect that fact one way or the
other. Now, is that correct ? Can it be cor-
rect?
If I am right in supposing that the legal con-
stitutional effect of a pardon is to wipe out all
that has happened, and to remit the person
receiving it to a state of original innocence, as
though he never had done any criminal act
before!the law, then it seems to me that such
a pardon establishes the fact of loyalty beyond
any doubt or contestation ; and the fact of loy-
alty is just as much established by the produc-
tion of the pardon as it would be by the pro-
duction of parol proof on the part of one who
never was obliged to receive a pardon.
I shall not delay the Senate under the cir-
cumstances, the lateness of the hour and the
short period remaining of this session. I have
said what I have said not merely as a matter
of justice to these claimants, with respect to
whom I know but very little, but as something
which I felt to be due from me to the honor,
the policy, the good sense, and the good faith
of the American Government.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Delaware'.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD. I call for a division.
Mr. CASSERL1. I ask to have the amend-
ment read. Senators may not understand it.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that amendment sub-
ject to amendment at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend it by
striking out the word "not," so that it will
read that the pardon shall be received as prima
facie evidence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read as it will
stand then.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the amendment will read:
That the acceptance of any pardon heretofore
granted by the President of the United States shall
be received as prima facie evidence that any person
to whom the same was granted did take part in and
give aid and comfort to the late rebellion, or that
such person did not maintain true allegiance to or
constantly adhere to the United States during the
late rebellion; and all laws or parts of laws incon-
sistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. Every lawyer in the Senate
knows that there is a principle of law, which
is universal in its application, to this effect:
that whoever claims any right or title under
any instrument of writing which contains any
recitals whatever is bound and concluded by
those recitals, and is estopped from denying
their truth. That is the universal principle of
law; And now, sir, the Senator from Oregon
desires that the Senate shall go back upon
that principle of law, and go back upon its
own recorded judgment as now embodied in
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, and declare that that which we
heretofore, in accordance with well-established
principles of law, did declare should be the
effect of a pardon shall now not be the effect
of it. The result of it is here, at a time when
the Senate has barely a quorum, to induce the
Senate to reverse the action which it took
before, when it was full, by a vote of two to
one. Sir, I protest against such a movement.
I protest against this attempt to throw down
the barriers which exclude rebels from suing
the Government of the United States in the
Court of Claims, the Government that they
sought to overthrow and destroy, and to put
them in a better condition this day than the
loyal men of the South who never raised their
hands_ against the Government. I cannot con-
ceive it possible that the Senate would do such
an act as that.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Missouri states the case, I think, more
strongly than the facts would justify. It is
not to enable citizens to sue the Government
of the United States generally.; but we have
provided that where the United States has
taken the private property of a citizen under
certain circumstances, as trustee, and has con-
verted that property and turned the proceeds
of its sale into the Treasury, and provided th'at
the owner shall have the opportunity to go into
court and show his loyalty and recover back
the proceeds—it is to enable such a party as
that to go into court, not to sue the Govern-
ment generally on a claim against the Govern-
ment, but to recover back the proceeds of the
sale of his own property on proof that he was
not a rebel. The law that we enacted a few
weeks since declares that such an individual,
having accepted a pardon, is barred from going
into court and showing that he did not partici-
pate in the rebellion, proving the negative,
which has always been understood to be quite
as hard a thing as you have-a right to require
of a citizen of the United States. But this
law will not permit him to prove a negative.
If he has accepted a pardon, the law declares
that that shall be conclusive against him. Now,
if this proposition should be amended as the
honorable Senator from Oregon proposes, ac-
cepting the pardon will be merely prima facie
evidence that he participated in the rebellion,
and will still give him the opportunity to show
affirmatively that he did not participate in it;
that he was not a rebel; and, if not a rebel,
then he would have the right to recover the
proceeds of the sales of his own property now
held by the Government of the United States
in trust for him if he is not a rebel. It does
not belong to the Government if he were a
loyal man. It is only confiscated conditionally.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. You say it should be regarded
as prima facie evidence. How is he going to
get into court with that prima facie evidence
against him ?
Mr. HARLAN. By rebutting it.
Mr. NYE. But he cannot rebut it until he
gets in, and there is no way of testing the ques-
tion until you come to trial.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand that it
debars the individual from appearing in court.
I do not understand that it prevents him from
bringing his action.
Mr. NYE. I have understood that, accord-
ing to the law as it now stands, he cannot bring
an action.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not.
Mr. NYE. It must be so, because the law
says expressly that he shall not.
Mr. HARLAN. That he shall not bring a
suit?
Mr. WILLIAMS. He must be a loyal man
to bring a suit; that is all.
Mr. HARLAN. That fact will have to
appear in evidence before the court. He must
be in court before it can be shown.
Mr. NYE. Let me ask another question. I
want to be right on this subject. Here is a
man who is pardoned for a felony; for instance,
for grand larceny. He loses his right of citi-
zenship upon conviction and punishment in the
penitentiary. He receives a pardon, but not a
pardon restoring him to citizenship. In all
courts where I have practiced that has been
regarded as positive proof of his conviction and
of his being a felon. You might just as well
open the doors and say that he could test that
question and try the case de novo, upon which
a judgment has been made, as to open it in
this way and try it in reference to an individ-
ual who, at his own request, has received a
pardon with a recitation in it that he has been
guilty of an offense. The pardon carries with
it the fact that the man has committed an
offense.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not enter into a
discussion of the supposed special pleadings
to which the honorable Senator refers. I will
leave that for the lawyers of this body, if it is
deemed to be necessary.' I am referring to the
case itself, to the honesty that is developed in
this case, the propriety of such a law ; and I
repeat* the Government of the United States,
under a statute enacted some years since, in
1862, I believe, provided that certain aban-
doned property taken possession of by the
officers of the Treasury Department or of the
Army should be converted into money, and
the money covered into the Treasury of the
United States, with the express provision that
if the owner or party from whom it was taken
should prove that, he was not disloyal, prove a
negative, prove that he was not a rebel, he
should recover the net proceeds of the sales.
Now, that is right. The property never be-
longed to the Government. It proposed to
confiscate it, however, if the individual should
be proven to be a rebel, if he could not prove
that he was not a rebel. But we have passed
a law during this session providing that if he
has accepted a pardon that shall be conclusive
evidence that he was a rebel, and consequently
that he shall not be permitted to recover the
proceeds of the sales of his own property,
although he might be able to prove to the
satisfaction of any court that he never did
participate in the rebellion. It would be right,
as it seems to me, to permit the Government
to plead against him the pardon as prima facie
evidence that he did participate in the rebel-
lion ; but he surely ought to have the oppor-
tunity to set that aside by positive testimony.
Mr. DRAKE. May I ask the honorable
Senator from Iowa one question right there?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
_ Mr. DRAKE. It will be found upon invest-
igation that no pardon was ever issued to a
single person who did not apply for it; and
shall ho, after applying for a pardon and get-
ting it, be allowed to prove his innocence of
crime by the very pardon he asked for?
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all; but by other
testimony. And why not? We have had a
case here before the Senate during this session
connected with the reorganization of the State
of Georgia, where it was asserted, and I am
not sure but by the honorable Senator from
Missouri himself, that members of the Legis-
lature of Georgia were inveigled into an appli-
cation for pardon in order that the pardon
might be pleaded against them afterward for
the purpose of showing their ineligibility to
seats in that body.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator will excuse me
tor interrupting and correcting him.
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make the point
or order on my honorable friend from Mis-
souri. I can find no better man.
Mr. BRAKE. What is the point of order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to any
person speaking more than twice on this sub-
ject.
