4604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20, j
Tfamill, Hawle.v, liny, Ileaton, Ilill, Iloge, Ilolmtm,
llolehkiss, Alexander II. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketoliain. Knott, Lewis, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch,
MeKce, Mcrcur. Milnos, Blinkim 11.Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mnngcn, Force, Kidgway,ltoots, Sargent,
Schenck, Joseph S. Smith, Worfchington 0. Smith,
Steven?, Stevenson, Sinne, Strader, Sweeney, Town-
send, Trimble. Twicholl, Van Aulten, Van Trump,
Van Wyek, Voorhees. Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Willard, Wood, and Woodward—70.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
. The latter motion Was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rule&'be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the annual fortifi-
cation appropriation bill.
Mr. JUDD. I move that'the House now
proceed to the consideration of business upon
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. 'The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Sir. Dawes] will
take preference.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will withdraw my motion
for the present, for the purpose of yielding to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.-neg-
l.ui',] who desires to offer a resolution.
cuba.
Mr. NEGLHY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following lesolution for consid-
eration at this time:
li'e-iolvcd hii the lhws<>, (the Senate concurring,)
That a joint comimltee, to consist of three members
of the House and two mumbeis of the Senate, shall
bo appoinled by the Presiding Ollieers of the two
Houses, to whom all question* relating to Cuba shall
be referred; and the said commiftceshall have power
1 o send for poisons and papers when necessary to fur-
ther their investigations: and the snid joint speeial
committee shall have authority to report at any timo.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. NEGLI5Y. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of considering and
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What reason has the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. NEClJiv]
for desiring to take this matter away from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to know that
mysel f.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. NEGLEY. I call for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
loss of the oneida.
Mr. RANDALL. I introduced a bill this
morning in relation to the loss of'the United
States vessel of war Oneida, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. As
it is not probable that that committee will
again be reached this session in the regular
call of committees, I ask unanimous consent
for leave to be granted to that committee to
report that bill at any time.
No objection being made, leave wa3 accord-
ingly granted.
ikdtan appe0p1uat10h bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to report back
to this House the amendments of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 11G9, making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations (so called) with various) fndian
tiibes for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, with a recommendation that
sundry of the amendments beeoneurred in, and
that others be non-concurred in. I ask unani-
mous consent that these amendments be printed
and be considered in the House as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, on Thursday next, after the
morning hour: and that after general debate
for forty minutes the discussion shall be carried
on under the five-mimites rule.!
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
order 01? business. '
Mr. DAWES. I now l'eiiew the motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the fortification
appropriation bill. And allow me to say to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] that
by reference to the proceedings of Saturday, as
published in the Globe, it will bo found that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scuekck] gave
notice that on Wednesday next, immediately
after the morning hour, ho should move to go
to business upon the Speaker's table. On the
strength of that notice,' the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] the chairmafi of
the Commitee on the Pacific Railroad, has gone
home. lie telegraphed mo yesterday in refer-
ence to the matter, and 1 teifegraphed him in
reply the notice which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Soiiekck] has given. And it Would
hardly be fair to liirn to _go to business on the
Speaker's table before Wednesday next.
Mr. JUDD. My object is to reach the Sen-
ate amendment to the House bill relating to
apportionment. As to the other business on
the Speaker's table, T have no objection to its
going over till next Wednesday.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I insist on
the regular order. The appropriation bills fire
of more importance than anything else.
Mr. DAWES. 1 have an assurance from the
Senate that unless we consent to devote this
week to the appropriation bills it will be abso-
lutely necessary to extend the timo fixed for
the close of the session. They wantto receive
these appropriation bills this Week ; and, with
the consent of the House, I propose that we
shall devote this whole week to these bills that
they may go to the other branch,
Mr. JUDD. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether it is in
order at this time to move to go to the Speak-
er'stable to take up a particular bill?
The SPEAKER. To take up any particular
bill on tho Speaker's table out of ils order re-
quires a suspension of'the rules. At anytime
after the morning hour it is in order to move
to go to the business on the Speaker's table
generally ; but pending that motion it is in
order to move to go into Committee of the
Whole. If the House should refuse to go into
Committee of the Whole the question would
recur on the motion to go to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. JUDD. Then I make the motion to go
to business on the Speaker's table generally.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if the
House should proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, will not Sen-
ate amendments to House bills lie the first
business reached ?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
would be executive communications ; the next
would be House bills with Senate amend-
ments. The pending question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] that the House now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole to proceed
to the consideration of the fortification bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that when the
House shall resolve itself/into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to con-
sider the fortification appropriation bill all
general debate shall terminate in thirty min-
utes.
The motion of Mr. Niblack. was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole to proceed with
the consideration of the fortification appro-
priation bill, the motion was agreed to; there
being—ayes 80, noes 30.
fortification appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of liic Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Orth in the chair,) and
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R.'i
No. 1883) making appropriations for the coa-:1
structlon, preservation, and repairs of certain;-
fortifications and other works of defense tot *
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18?1. I
Mr. NIBLACK rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gehtlemair
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly. ;
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ah _ ike memhe?
of the Committee on Appropriations having'
chargc of this bill, I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana, who has investigated this'
subject, whether the interests of the Govern-
ment would be prejudiced, and if so how
much, if wo do not appropriate one cent for
these fortifications this year? Will any harra
come to the Government?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is a questioii I shall
not. attempt to answer mow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope we shall hatfe
the question answered before tho bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, theamOiint
proposed to be appropriated by this bill is
comparatively so small that 1 do not feel justi-'
fied in asking the attention of the House for
any great length of time in general debate upon
it. But this matter of our coast defenses hav-
ing been assigned to me by tho Committee on
Appropriations it is proper I should submit
some remarks explanatory of the views of the
committee in reporting this particular bill, and
of the general policy of the Government in
ils system of national defenses.
The plan and construction of the fortifica-
tions of our sea-coasts are intrusted, under the
Secretary nf War, to the chief of engineers,
(that position now being filled by Brigadier
and Brevet Major General Andrew A. Hum-
phreys,) and a branch of the Army under his
command, known as the corps of engineers.
Tho necessity for fortifying any particular
point having been determined either by the
commercial importance of the place or its
strategic importance in the event of war, the
matter, with the necessary instructions1, is kid
before a board of engineer officers of rank and
experience, constituted for that purpose, who
have associated with them the local engineer
in charge of that particular section of the coast,
and' the necessary works arc, after careful
study of the position, planned and located.
The board of engineers for fortifications con-
sists at present of Brevet Msjor General J. G.
Barnard, eoloncl of engineers ; Brevet Major
General G. W. Cullum, colonel of engineers ;
Brevet Major General Z. B. Tower, lieutenant
colonel of engineers ; and Brevet Major Gen-
eral II. G. Wright, lieutenant colonel of engi-
neers. All projects devised by the board of
engineers for fortifications are submitted to the
chief of engineers for his consideration and
action thereon, and then by him to the Secre-
tary of War for final determination. Thus it
will be seen that the estimates submitted to
us from time to time for this branch of the pub-
lic service are revised and verified by the Sec-
retary of War, and that he is thus responsible
to the House and the country for them.
A great change has taken place during the
past eight or nine years in the size and power of
cannon, and the projectiles thrown by them, and
in the construction of ships of war, by the intro-
duction and use ofiron platingupon such vessels.
To meet these formidable armaments, and to
successfully oppose these armored-ships, some
modifications were needed in the details of
fortifications formerly used with the lighter arm •
aments in Wooden vessels and exactly what
these modifications should be, excepting as to
the application and use of iron, has been de-
termined to a great extent during the past two
years, so that the engineers have now, as they
believe, definite and efficient plans and modi-
fications for works to meet the present and
prospective emergencies.
For the last two years appropriations have
