*58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 20,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
Chap. XLII.—An Act to relieve certain Per-
sona therein named from Legal and Polit-
ical Disabilities imposed by the Fourteenth
Amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, be, and they hereby are, removed
from the following persons, namely: Henry B.
Harnsburger, Rockingham county; Nicholas
K. Trout, Augusta county; and J. W. Ware,
of Clarke county, in the State of Virginia.
Approved, April 1, 1870.
Chap. XLI1I.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain Phelps Paine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Captain Phelps Paine the
sum of two thousand and thirty dollars and
thirty cents, in full payment for services ren-
dered as sergeant major in the months of No-
vember and December, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and as first lieutenant and aide-de-
camp from the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to the twenty filth day
of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, April 1, 18*70.
Chap. XLIV.— An Act to facilitate the admin-
istration of Justice in the State of Texas.
Whereas the present incumbent of the office
of district^ judge for the eastern district of the
State of Texas is incapacitated by sickness and
paralysis from performing the duties of his of
fice, and has remained so incapacitated for a
long period, which incapacity is believed to be
permanent, by reason of which the Govern-
ment and citizens of the United States have
been unable to have their business transacted
in that court, and have suffered great loss and
inconvenience therefrom : Therefore,
Be it enacted^ by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the resignation of
the district judge ot the eastern district of the
State ot Texas being tendered and accepted
by the President of the United Stages, the sal-
ary now received by said judge shall be con-
tinued to him during his natural life, payable
iu the same manner and form as if he actually
performed the duties of his office.
Approved, April f>, 1870.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act for the Relief of Alexander 1.
Atocha," approved fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and sixty live.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep -
tesentativesof the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Alexander I. Atocha
shall be, and_ is hereby, authorized, in the
prosecution of his claim referred to the Court
or Claims by the act to which this is an amend-
ment, to use such portions of the evidence
taj-.en in pursuance of the rules and regulations
or the commission established under the fif-
teenth section of the treaty of Guadalupe
rtiaalgo, and laid before said commission, as
consists of the evidence of persons since de-
ceased; and the Government, in defending
against said claim, shall have like rights. And
such evidence shall be received by the court,
so far as the subject-matter thereof is com-
petent testimony; and the court shall give it
such weight as in their judgment under all the
circumstances it ought to have.
Approved, April 5, 1870.
Chap. XLVIIt.—An Act for the Relief of R.
P. Parrott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentativesofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to li. P. Parrott the sum of
twelve thousand one hundred and ninety-eight
dollars and thirty-live cents, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full payment 1'or building an iron light-house
at Cape Canaveral, in the State of Florida.
Approved, April 6, 1870.
Citap. XLIX.'—An Act to authorize the Ac-
counting Officers of the Treasury to adjust
the Accounts of Ezra Carter, junior, late
Collector of Customs at Portland, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America 'in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and hereby are, authorized to settle and adjust
the accounts of Ezra Carter, junior, late col-
lector of customs at Portland, Maine, in which
the vouchers have been destroyed by fire, upon
equitable principles, and allow such credits as
shall seem just and reasonable from the best
evidence the nature of the case will admit:
Provided, That the sum so allowed shall not
exceed the sum of eight hundred and seventy-
five dollars and ninety cents, by reason of the
loss and destruction of his vouchers.
Approved, April G, 1870.
Chap. L.—An Act for the Relief of Tobias J.
Kindleberger.
Be it, enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That Tobias J. Kindle-
berger, or his assigns, have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of the letters-patent, for an
improvement in cider-mills, issued to said
Tobias J. Kindleberger for the term of four-
teen years from the twenty ninth day of May,
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and
reissued August twenty-fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, in the same manner as if
the petition for said extension had been filed
at least ninety days prior to the expiration of
said patent, and that the Commissioner be au-
thorized to consider and determine said appli-
cation in the same manner as if it had been
filed ninety days before the expiration of said
patent: Provided, That in ease said extension
shall be granted,_ no person shall be held liable
for damages for infringement of said patent or
for sale or use of said improvement, between
the date of the expiration of the original patent
and the date of such extension.
Approved, April 0, 1870.
Chap. LI.—An Act to remove Political Dis-
abilities from Francis E. Shober, of North
Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the legal arid
political disabilities imposed by the United
States upon Francis E. Shober, of North Caro-
lina, in consequence of his having held office
under a pretended government or authority in
hostility to the United States, be, and the same
are hereby, removed. And the said Shober,
on entering upon the discharge of the duties
of any office to which he has been or may here-
after be elected or appointed, instead of the
oath prescribed by the act of July two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, shall take and
subscribe the following oath: "I, Francis E.
Shober, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
will support and defend the Constitution of the
United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that i will bear true faith and alle-
giance to the same ; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or pur-
pose of evasion; and that I will faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office upon which I
am about to enter, so help me God."
Approved, April 12, 1870.
CnAP. LII.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel
F. Butterworth and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Samuel F. Butter-
worth, and the heirs and representatives of
Arnold Harris, sureties of William G. Ken-
dall, formerly deputy postmaster of New
Orleans, Louisiana, be, and they hereby are,
released from all claim which the United
States may have against them as such sureties;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
directed to cause any judgment now or here-
after rendered, which affects said Butterworth,
or said heirs and representatives of Arnold
Harris, as sureties on the bond of said Ken-
dall, to be canceled and satisfied, of record ;
and any such judgment is hereby satisfied and
discharged.
Approved, April 12, 1870.
Chap. LIII.—An Act to compensate Mrs.
Fannie Kelly for important services.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Mrs. Fannie Kelly, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of five thousand dollars, for valuable services
rendered the Government in eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, by giving information to Cap-
tain James L. Fisk, in charge of a train cross-
ing the plains, and to Major House, in com-
mand of Fort Sully, of the evil designs of
hostile Sioux Indians while she was held in
captivity by them ; which sum shall be taken
from any appropriation which may be hereafter
made for the benefit of said Indians.
Approved, April 12, 1870.
Chap. L\III.—An Act to relieve C. B. Sabin,
of Harris county, Texas, from Legal and
Political Disabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth Amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
by reason of participation in the late rebellion,
be, and they are hereby, removed from the fol-
lowing-named person: C. B. Sabin, Harris
county, Texas.
Approved, April 20, 1870.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Col-
onel Samuel V. Price, of the Twenty-First
Kentucky Volunteers.
jjC it enacied by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the L'nited States of America in 1
Congress assembled, That the Secretaries of
v\ ar and Ireasury Departments be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed to cause to
be certified and paid to Samuel W. Price, for
military service rendered as colonel of the
twenty-first regiment of Kentucky volunteer
