3660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
''$•2 SO;" so as to mako the rate to be paid
bv the company " $'J 50" per acre, insip id
of "$l "2-V
Mr. .COLE. Unless tho chairman of the
committee is tenacious about that, I do not
think the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee agreed
to 50 an acre.
Mr. COLE. These parties only wish the
timber on the land. They cannot enter on
their expensive iron mining operations unless
th^v have a certainty of getting the timber.
Mr. POMEROY. They can well afford to
pay $2 50 an acre for timber.
Mr. COLE. If the committee are rigid
about this amendment, I will not persist in my
opposition to it.
Mr. POMEROY. We are very rigid on that
point.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments wero concurred in
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any limit within
which the selection is to be made?
Mr. POMEROY. The amount is limited.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there ought to
be a limit within five or ten miles. They may
go one hundred miles off for aught I see.
Mr. POMEROY. They can only get tho
timber at a certain point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is no harm
in putting in a limitation.
Mr. COLE. I think the timber is not within
five miles of the mine.
Mr. POMEROY. The tract they want to
reach is about ten miles off.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then Bay "within five
or ten miles."
Mr. STEWART. I think it would be better
to say that the selectiou shall be ''as near as
practicable to the mine, under "the direction
of th3 Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an extraordi-
nary bill, and I think it ought to be carefully
guarded.
Mr. POMEROY. It is an extraordinary
bill, and it is an extraordinary place to start a
foundery for the manufacture of iron. The
parties asked for ten thousand acres, but the
Committee thought it better to limit them to
three thousand two hundred acres, to be selected
from the nearest practicable tract.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Ohio to move to amend
the bill by inserting a limitation that the land
shall be selected within a distance not exceed-
ing ten miles from either of the points named
in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say fifteen miles.
Mr. COLE. I understand that they have to
make a tram-road, a sort of railroad, to get the
timbe# to the mine. How far off it is I do not
know. The maps are among the papers that
were in the hands of the committee. I think
the distance is quite a number of miles. Two
valleys are designated in the bill, Gold Lake
and Mohawk valleys, in Plumas county, so that
there can be no great varying from those places.
I think that is a sufficient designation.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 insist on my amend-
ment, to limit the selection of the land to within
fifteen miles from either of the points named
in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
land district in kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I reported this morning a
bill providing for an additional land district in
the State of Kansas, which the settlers there
are very anxious to have passed. My colleague
introduced the bill the other day, and I reported
it this morning; and there is such a demand
for settlement in that part of the State that I
ask to have the bill passed now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 80S)
to establish an additional land district in Kan-
sas, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It providesthat all that portion of the
western district land district created by the act
approved March 8, 1857, entitled "An act to
establish three additional land districts in the
Territory of Kansas," which is situated north
of the township line dividing townships ten and
eleven south in said State, shall constitute
a new land district, to be called the Repub-
lican landdistrict. The President is authorized,
whenever the public interests shall require, to ,
appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, or during the recess thereof, and
until the end of tho next session of Congress
after such appointment, a register and a re-
ceiver for tho district hereby created, who shall
respectively be requited to reside at the site of
their offices, have the same powers, respons- I
ibilities, and emoluments, and be subject to the J
same acts and penalties, which are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to other land offi-
cers of the United States in said State.
The bill was reported to the Senato without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
enforcement op fifteenth amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce
the right of citizens of the United States to
vote in the several States of this Unioh who
have hitherto been denied that right on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude. That bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. warner] to the amendineut of the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment be
stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is in section two, line fifteen,
I of the substitute, to strike out the words," to
, tho person aggrieved thereby," and in lieu
thereof to insert " to any person who shall sue
for the same."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
| .recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
i ator from Nevada as a substitute for the House
bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, before this
debate closes I wish to say a few words in reply
to some remarks made during my temporary
absence, and I may as well embrace the pres-
ent opportunity. The Senator from Michigan
who cits nearest me took occasion yesterday
to use the following language in reference to
myself:
"The honorable Senator from South Carolina the
other day, in the ardor and xeal of his friendship for
the late rebels, asked us whether wo were not eoinsr
to forget the war."
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say a few
words on this remark of my distinguished
friend from Michigan. And first I say that I
used the words "forget the war" in the re-
marks I had the honor to submit to the Sen-
ate not at all in the full sense of an oblivion
of the sufferings, the sacrifices, the crimes,
and the follies of the war. I was then, and
am now, fully aware that there are no Lethean
waters sufficient to drown such events as those
which convulsed this country during the tre-
mendous struggle of the rebellion and to efface
the painful impressionsthey have left. Tbs
human mind is so constituted that no such
oblivion is possible while reason sits on her
throne. But, Mr. President, the time must
come when in dealing with the people of the
South, in our relations with those vast multi-
tudes who were engaged in hostility to the
United States, we must treat them as citizens
of our common country, as bound to the na-
tional Government by all those ties which bind
to it good citizens everywhere. It is true they
made war against the life of the nation; it is
true that that war was often waged in a spirit
which we must consider a spirit of barbarism ;
it is true that every evil passion found a place
in the hearts of some of the rebels and an
expression in deeds which disgraced their cause
and would disgrace any cause. I remember
all this; I can never forget it.
But, as I said before, in our practical rela-
tions with the masses of white men in the
States lately in rebellion we must look at them
as they now stand, and by the light of present
events, rather than by the terrible glare of the
fires of the great struggle through which we
have passed. We must, in brief, "letby-gones
be by-gones." I would never for a moment
1 forget the misery caused by the rebellion. I
would never for a moment cease to discrim-
inate between the patriotism which led mighty
hosts to offer up their lives to the cause of the
Union and the disloyalty which led other hosts
\ to wage war against that Union. Let the
t honors of the Republic ever follow those brave
and loyal men who saved the nation; let our
1 children and children's children learn to speak
the praises of the patriots who in the halls
of legislation, on a thousand battle-fields on
river, lake, and ocean; gave their minds, their
energies, and their lives to the holy cause of
national integrity.
But, Mr. President, the question on which I
was speaking is a question of how to deal with
a great practical subject of statesmanship; how
we shall best reincorporate into practical and
harmonious relations with the Federal Govern-
ment the masses of the white men of the South;
how soonest we shall make them enter into
and share our own faith in the beneficence of
this Government; how soonest to weaken the
strength of their attachment to a "lost cause
how in the most complete way to imbue them
with a conviction that "the United States is
their country as well as ours, and that to it
j they must look as their chief object of loyalty
rather than to the section whose cause was
■ lost.
• On this question it is my misfortune to differ
with my distinguished friend from Michigan
as to what is the true policy. On this question
I do not seek a guide for my steps in the bit-
terness, the acrimony, the hatreds begotten by
the rebellion. No Senator on this floor has
loss cause to be personally favorable to rebels,
as such, than myself. I come here by no rebel
support. The vote of no man who took part
in the rebellion was cast for me. Though for
more than eleven years a citizen of South Car-
j olina, there have never been opened to me the
i doors of a dozen men who were implicated in
! the rebellion. No bribe of social favor among
men who were rebels has ever tempted me to
show the "ardor and zeal of friendship" for
the enemies of my country. But as a Senator
from South Carolina, when I allow personal
considerations of this character to control or
determine my conduct, I shall have forgotten
the principles which have governed my life.
I am unfortunate in having made the im-
pression upon the mind of the Senator from
Michigan that I took the position against the
test-oath and against the continuancc of the
disabilities imposed bjf the fourteenth amend-
ment from "the ardor and zeal of my friend-
ship for the late rebels." I have carefully
read the remarks I made on the subject, and
I am at a loss to see what sentence, what line,
what word contained therein indicates any such
motive. I am a friend, I trust, to all the peo-
ple of the State which has honored me with a
seat in this body; but, Mr. President, I am
not a friend to them as "rebels" or "late
rebels." I am a friend to them, as I would
do the offices of true friendship; and I rejoice
that when I take the position of an advocate
of the repeal of the test-oath I am acting s
i a friend to the whole people of my State,
