760
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of their duty, under orders from their superior
officers, and to defray the costs of defending
the suits at law in which such judgment was
recovered.
Approved, May 6, 1870.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Anna B. Snider.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hejs hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Anna B. Snider, mother
of Henry Snider, late a private in company
], tenth Ohio cavalry, at the rate of eight
dollars per month from and after the passage
of this act.
Approved, May 11, 1870.
Chap. C.—Au Act to confirm the Title of
Wifliam M. Garvey to a certain Tract of
Land.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title of William
M. Garvey to the east half of the northeast
quarter of section eighteen, township sixty-
nine north, range twenty-six west, in the dis-
trict of lands subject to sale atDes Moines, in
the State of Iowa, containing eighty acres, be,
and is hereby, confirmed, and that the State
of Iowa is hereby authorized to select in lieu
of said tract an equal amount of land from
the unsold public lands within the limits of
said State, subject to sale at one dollar and
twenty five cents peraere: Provided, That the
State of Iowa, through her constituted author-
ities, shall first, relinquish to the United States
all right, title, or interest acquired by said
State by virtueof the act of Congress of March
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, enti-
tled'"An act to confirm to the several States
the swamp and overflowed lands selected under
the act of September twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and fifty, and the act of the second
March, eighteen hundred and lbrty-ninc."
Approved, May 11, 1870.
Chap. CI.—An Act for the Relief of Soule and
Company.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of 'Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and ho is hereby, authorized to
ascertain, in such manner as may be satis-
factory to him, the facts connected with the
importation of certain pork, flour, fish, and
other supplies, valued at one thousand five
hundred and thirty dollars and forty cents, in
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, by Soule
and Company, at Moose river, in the collec-
lion district of Bath, in the State of Maine;
and if he shall be satisfied that the said arti-
cles are, as alleged, of the produce, growth, or
manufacture of the United States, in the same
condition as when exported therefrom, the
said Secretary is hereby further authorized to
remit or refund the duties accruing on the
importation of the same.
Approved, May 11, 1870.
Chap. CIII.—An Act increasing the Pension
of John Coonan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he i3 hereby, authorized and
directed to increase the pension of John Coo-
nan, late sergeant in company A in the eight-
eenth regiment of New York cavalry, from
eight dollars to fifteen dollars per month from
the date of the passage of this act.
Approveb, May 17, 1870.
Chap. CIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Minor Children of Sylvester Dreyer.
Beit&nactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to transfer the pension granted to
Catherine Dreyer, widow of Sylvester Dreyer,
late a private of company H, tenth regiment
of Minnesota volunteers, by an act approved
March first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
to the minor children of the same, subject to
the provisions of the pension laws.
Approved, May 17, 1870.
Chap. CV.—An Act granting a Pension to
John C. Abererombie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of John C. Aber-
erombie, late lieutenant colonel of the eleventh
regiment of Iowa infantry volunteers, on the
pension-roli, at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, from and after the date of the passage
of this act.
ApprvOVEn, May 17, 1870.
Chap. CVII.—An Act for tho Belief of Cap-
tain George Henry Preble, of the Navy of
the United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be, and they hereby
are, authorized and directed, in settling the
accounts of George Henry Preble, a captain
in the Navy of the United States, to allow him
sea pay as a commander from the fifth day of
August, to the twelfth day of October, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, and leave pay as
a commander from the last-named date to the
twenty-first day of February, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three; deducting therefrom any pay
he may have received for the periods aforesaid.
Approved, May 18, 1870.
Chap. CXII.—An Act for the Belief of Abbott
Q. Ross.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to Abbott Q. Boss, of Cleves,
Ohio, out of any money in tho Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of five thou-
sand dollars, as compensation for the past and
future use in the United States Navy of his
invention for using hot water and steam as a
weapon in naval warfare, for extinguishing
fires, and other purposes.
Approved, May 26, 1870.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act for the Relief of the
Officers and Crew of the Ship "Nightin-
gale."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay, from any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Abel Tomsen, Thomas
Orcastle, James Hopper, Severrin Haaverson,
John Peter Force, and James Henderson,
seventy-two dollars and forty cents each, and
to Henry J. G. Wichelii, forty-one dollars and
sixty-six cents, in full for their services on
board the ship "Nightingale," in her late
voyage from Liverpool to the coast of Africa.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That chap-
ter iorty-one of the laws of Congress passed Feb-
ruary nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, be, and the same is hereby, amended,
by striking out the name "Brent" and insert-
ing "Brand."
Approved, June 1, 1870.
Chap. CXX.—An Act for the Relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated to Otis N. Cutler the
sum of fifty thousand dollars, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, in full compensation for two hundred
and sixty-eight bales of cotton seized by order
of General Grant, at Lake Providence, Louisi-
ana, the property of said Cutler, used for mil-
itary purposes in equipping the steamer Tigress
for running the blockade of the Mississippi
river at Vicksburg, on the night of April twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
destroyed.
Approved, June 1, 1870.
Chap. C5XI.—An Act. granting a Pension to
J. It. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of J. R. Callahan, of Char-
iton, Iowa, who was a volunteer serving with
the first regiment of Ohio volunteers in the
war of eighteen hundred and twelve, and to
pay him a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and
to continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 2, 1870.
Chap. CXX1I.—An Act granting a Pension to
Clark Hall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to place the name of Clark Hall, late
a member of Captain William Gregory's com-
pany, attached to the fourth regiment Virginia
volunteers in the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve, upon the pension-rolls of the United
State?, at the race of eight dollars per month,
from the date of the passage of this act.
Apfhoved, June 2, 1870.
Chap. CXLIIi.—An Act for the Relief of
Captain John A. Wilcox.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ingofficersin settlingandadjustingthe accounts
of John A. Wilcox, captain fourth regiment of
United States cavalry, are hereby directed to
credit said Wilcox with the sum of seven hun-
dred and sixty-four dollars and ten cents, being
the amount of Government funds which were
stolen from him, without his default, at ornear
Fort Clark, Texas, on the fourteenth day of
February, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Ciiap. CXLTV,—An Act for the Relief of
Reuben Grindle.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and Ilonsc of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That tho Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue to Reuben Grindle, of Castine,
Hancock county, Maine, three new five per
centum United States bonds, two of one hun-
