3662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The framers of the Constitution never ima-
gined for a moment that the prohibition upon
the States to coin money gave Congress a right
to punish even counterfeiters of the coin; and
hence the power is expressly given to Congress
in so many words to punish counterfeiters of the
securities and coin of the United States.
But, sir, let ns go a little further:
"No Stato shall hare power to emit bills of credit."
Does that operate upon individuals? If so,
all your banking institutions that are created
by the States are unconstitutional. Every one
of them that derives its power from a State is
unconstitutional if this provision that no State
shall emit bills of credit has application to
individuals.
But, sir, that is not all. Let us go a step
further:
"No Stato shall, without tho consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of
war in timo of poaeev"
Cannot an individual build a ship of war?
And can he not keep it until he can sell it, or
until it rots down ? Have we not plenty of
instances of that being done? Have we not
ship-builders, and do they not build ships of
war? Did not Mr. Stevens build one which
has been brought to the notice of the Senate
within this very week? Who has ever denied
the right of an individual to build a ship of
war ? Again:
"No State shall, withont the consent of Congress"
* * * * "enter into any agreement or com-
pact with another State, or with a foreign Power."
Is that a prohibition upon individuals? Is
not a contract made by an individual in one
State with another State a good contract ? Are
not such contracts made every day ? Do not
individuals make contracts with States to build
railroads, to build canals, to build docks, to
perform services of all sorts and descriptions,
to furnish articles of merchandise of every
kind? Who has ever denied that right ? Sir,
all these prohibitions operate upon the States,
and not upon individuals. The principle of
this bill would therefore go to the extent of
saying that if any man made an agreement—
for that is the very language of the Constitu-
tion—with any other State than that in which
he resided he might be liable to punishment,
to fine and imprisonment, for making such an
agreement.
But, sir, I need not follow it further. Lan-
guage cannot be plainer. This is no strict con-
struction at all. I am not running into any
doctrine of the strict constructionists. There
never was a party, the most latitudinarian in
this country, that ever gave to these provisions
of the Constitution any effect whatever except
upon the States as States. It is not the strict
construction of the Virginia school, although
I think that is the true construction, for which
I am contending. It is the construction of
plain common sense, of the plain language of
the Constitution, and that construction which
has been put upon similar clauses ever since
the Constitution had an existence.
But now what is proposed to be done? Now
you propose to seize hold of a mere idler; now
you propose to seize hold of a mere ruffian;
now you propose to seize hold of some man
who is simply a cheater at the election; all of
whom are punishable under the State law; and
under the pretense of restricting the power of
the State, which declares the very acts com-
plained of to be unlawful, and punishes those
acts, you take the individual from under the
State law, send him before the Federal court,
and punish him in virtue of an act of Con-
gress.
Why, sir, if you can do this", if this is to be
the interpretation of the fifteenth amendment
and the right to pass appropriate legislation
in support of it, then you may go the whole
length. It is only a question, then, of discre-
tion with you. You are foolish to talk about
such a bill as this if this interpretation is right.
Why not go the whole length at once? Why
not take all the elections in your own hands?
Why not provide by Federal law for the whole
registration? Why not provide Federal judges
of election, Federal boards of canvassers, and
Federal machinery for the whole of the pro-
cess of election from the time the voter goes
to register until the time that the successful
candidate is inaugurated into his office? You
can do that just as constitutionally as you can
pass this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my colleague
if he has any doubt about the power of Con-
gress to prescribe the mode and manner, &c.,
of electing members of Congress, and all elec-
tions growing out of the national Government ?
Mr. THURMAN. I have not the least
doubt in the world of the power of Congress
to provide the mode and manner of electing
members of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the punishment for
offenses committed in consequence of the
election?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly that might
be so. But let us see what that is. Is that
this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is yielding
the whole matter.
Mr. THURMAN. Is this bill limited to the
election of members of Congress? No, sir ;
it extends to all elections, from the highest office
in this country, the President of the United
States, down to the lowest office in the coun-
try, to a fence-viewer. It includes every single
elective office in the country, either under
Federal authority or the authority of a State,
and therefore it derives no aid whatsoever from
the power given to Congress to regulate the
mode and the manner of electing members of
Congress.
But I have something to say on that subject,
as ray colleague has called my attention to it.
That provision to regulate the mode and man-
ner of elections never was construed to author-
ize Congress to tix the qualifications of elect-
ors. If such had been its interpretation you
would not have needed your fifteenth amend--
ment, so far as the election of members of
Congress is concerned. Neither was it ever
interpreted to take away from the States the
right of providing officers of election and the
mere machinery of elections. But the mode
of that election, for instance, whether it should
be by ballot or whether it should be viva voce,
and the manner of that election, Congress is
authorized to prescribe. But that provision
was never intended in the world to dispense
with the agency of the States, and substitute
an agency provided by the Congress of the
United States.
And yet it is barely possible ; I have often
thought of it. I have often thought there was
in that provision something of a safeguard for
the Union. I have often thought that perhaps
it was in the minds of the men who framed
the Constitution that if the authorities of a
State should refuse to elect members of Con-
gress, should repeal all State laws providing
for the election of members of Congress, then,
owing to the necessities of the case, Congress
might intervene and pass laws under which
elections could take place in such recusant
States. Perhaps that may be so; but l am
not going to argue that question now, for it is
not necessary.
We are not now considering a bill that re-
lates merely to the election of members of
Congress; but we are considering a bill, as I
said before, that reaches elections for all offi-
cers, from the President of the Republic down
to the humblest township or town officer that
can be found in the United States; that reaches
the election of school directors in the humblest
hamlet of the country as amply as it reaches
the election of Governors of the States, the
judges of courts, and the President and Vice
President of the United States. That is this
bill, which goes to every popular election held
in the States and says that under a provision
which simply makes State laws void, which
simply operates on the State as a State, which
simply renders void all provisions in the con-
stitution and laws of a State contrary to this
fifteenth amendment, under a provision which
goes no further than that, which does not
reach to individual infractions of the law done
under no color of State authority whatsoever,
it is proposed to take the whole subject of
elections in a State for State officers, county
officers, township, city, and town officers into
the hands of Congress. I say again, if you
can do that, if you can pass this bill, you have
just as much right to wipe out the whole State
machinery of elections and supplant them by
officers of your own.
But, sir, I have said enough. In fact I owe
an apology to the Senate and an apology to my
friend from California, [Mr. Casserly,] who
presented this matter so clearly to-day, for
having added these remarks to what needed no
addition.
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator-allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. With pleasure.
Mr. POOL. I desire to ask the Senator, for
whose opinion I have very great respect, this
question: suppose a State should pass a law
that no- registrar or poll-keeper should be pun-
ished for declining to register a colored man or
to receive his vote, by what legislation should
we reach that case ?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, let us suppose
that the State passes no law to punish any mau
for'failing to register any one 
Mr. POOL. That was not the case I put. I
said suppose a State passes a law that no regis-
trar or poll-keeper shall be punished for re-
fusing to register a colored man or refusing to
receive his vote?
Mr. THUIIMAN. I once more say suppose
the State provides that no man shall be pun-
ished for failing to register anybody. Let us
go further, and suppose that the State will not
pass a registry law at all—suppose the State
will not pass any law for elections at al 1, Dons
that give you any authority to provide by act
of Congress for the election of State otliccra in
the Slate ? Suppose a State does not pass any
law to elect any State officers whatever, does
that give Congress any right over the subject
because of that omission of duty on the part of
the State?
But let me say to my friend, who is a law-
yer, that he makes nothing in the world by
supposing cases so improbable that they come,
under that well-known axiom of the law, that
nothing is proved by extreme cases. You are
not at liberty to suppose that any State will
pass a law in direct violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. If you cau do that
in respect to this provision you can do it in
respect to any other provision. You may say
that you will assume that a State will pass a
law that no man shall be punished for coun-
terfeiting, or no man shall be punished for
coining money, or the like. You may go on
with the whole series of cases in which there
are prohibitions on the States, or any other
matter that would be unconstitutional, and
suppose that a State is going to do it. It is a
thing not to be supposed.
Mr. POOL. But if the Senator will allow
me, I think that very thing is supposed in the
fifteenth amendment. It declares that this
right shall not be denied or abridged by auy
State, and that it shall be enforced by appro-
priate legislation by Congress. What is the
need of appropriate legislation unless it was
supposed that a State might either by positive
act, as I have named, or by omission, fail to
carry out and perfect this right?
While I am up I will say to the Senator that
if I had received a plain answer to my first
question it was my purpose to put another.
If he had told me how you could reach a case
where a State, by positive enactment, said one
of these officers should not be punished lor
hindering a colored man from exercising his
right of suffrage, I should then have asked
him, what will you do in a case where a S'.Ve
