462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
homes, so much the better; let them go; they
belong not to a legislative body, but elsewhere.
Now, sir, if two only of this class were elected
to the Legislature of Virginia, as thus far dis-
covered, we may presume that others were also
elected; and I think, as a matter of precau-
tion and security against such persons inter-
meddling with the legislation of this country,
we ought at least to require this oath of them
before they participate in the business of legis-
lation. That,seems, under the present circum-
stances, to be all the security we can no w obtain
for the future.
I do not agree to the statement so often made
here by Senators that our faith is pledged to
Virginia or any other of the recently rebel
States, to admit them absolutely and uncondi-
tionally on their complying with such and such
terms. There is no such pledge given in the
law itself. The honorable Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] knows that as well as I
do. On the other hand, the law declares ex-
pressly that the power of Congress shall be
complete and plenary over all these rebel States
until they are finally readmitted as States into
the Union. We can do with them as we please
and do to them what we please without any
violation of plighted faith. That was my un-
derstanding of the law at the time it was passed;
and if the honorable Senator from Connecticut
who has insisted so strongly upon this pledge
had given his attention to the bills that were
before us, he I think could have come to no
other conclusion.
I am not frightened at the bugbear—I can
give it no other name—started by the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut. He says that
thetime is coming upon us when we are likely
to inaugurate an immense central imperial-
ism by which the authorities of the States are
to be ingulfed, and all State lines and State
jurisdiction obliterated. Sir, I beg to say to
the honorable Senator from Connecticut that
this is the argument which we have heard in
this body for the last eight years, not from our
side of the Chamber, but from the other. This
has been the staple of the Democratic speeches
made here ever since the commencement of
of the war. We were accused from the start
of an endeavor to convert the Government of
the United States into a central imperialism,
when we had nothing in view but the vigorous,
constant, and successful prosecution of the
war against the rebellion ; and it seems to me
a little odd that so good a Republican as the
Senator from Connecticut should get up in the
the Senate and repeat this Democratic argu-
ment which has been rung in our ears so often,
with a view to terrify us into the instantaneous,
unconditional admission of Virginia. Sir, Vir-
ginia is not suffering; Virginia is to-day more
prosperous probably than she has been at any
time during the last twenty years ; and I see
nothing in her condition to require us to forego
such precautions aud safeguards as prudence
requires at our hands.
I shall vote, sir, cheerfully for the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia, and
then I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont as thus amended; and
I shall speak thus to Virginia: " Come back
into the Union; return to the ancient fold; take
the seals once occupied by your distinguished
ancestors in these Halls,_ and endeavor hence-
forth to be true to the Union, true to those great
prineiples of nationality and freedom which
once so distinguished your forefathers." I
shall undertake to read her no homily further
than that. I will not say to her, in the eloquent
language of my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,]
" Come, let us reason together ; though your
sins be as scarlet they shall be white as snow,
though they be rod like crimson they shall be
as wool." _ I shall leave this whole matter to
Virginia; if she sees fit to retain her sins, the
scarlet color, she is welcome to do so and make
the best of it. But she has learned one lesson,
I think ; that war against the Union which she
did so much to establish has not been a paying
enterprise. The folly of that once glorious,
ancient Commonwealth was best exhibitedat
the close of the war in a soil trampled to a mire
in the blood of her citizens and in the almost
universal desolation which pervaded her terri-
tory. I say to Virginia and to every other rebel
State, '' If you repeat this experiment again we
will not leave even a soil under you."
Let her come back. She has been dread-
fully dealt with by the hand of time. Time
was when old Virginia, the grandest of the
American Republics, stretched her territorial
dominions from the Atlantic so as to include
not only Virginia proper and West Virginia,
but Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, Wisconsin—a region of almost boundless
extent. Of that she has been by degrees shorn,
until finally, poshed by her local madness into
rebellion against the United States, her pro-
portions have been still further cut down to
that little rim of territory which now remains
to her and retains her name. But, after all,
let her come back, sir. Her history is glori-
ous. Her statesmen have been among the
most distinguished of the land. She was the
cradle of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and
scores of others whose names will go down in
history among the brightest upon this conti-
nent. Let her come back ; let her endeavor
henceforth to be true to the Union, true to the
nation, true to herself.
I shall not make any complaints if she sends
back to these Halls members who belong to a
political party different from that to which I
am attached. It is no matter of mine if she
sends back arrant rebels here to partake in our
legislation. The consequences will be as much
upon her as upon us. But I am willing to
admit her back, though I am in no hurry about
it. I am not so anxious to get Virginia back
into the Union as to turn around and accuse
my party of attempting to establish a grand cen-
tral imperialism of political power which shall
absorb all State rights and all the functions of
the States into the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment. I am not so anxious to please Vir-
ginia as to assert upon, this floor as a reason for
her readmission the same argument which has
been so often rung in our ears from the Dem-
ocratic opposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. WILLEY. It has been suggested to
me that there is perhaps an ambiguity in the
structure of my amendment, and that the word
"thereof" intheclause "any officer thereof"
has as its antecedent the Legislature of said
State." To avoid that ambiguity I desire with
the leave of the Senate to modify my amend-
ment so as to insert in place of the word
"thereof" the words "of said State."
Mr. EDMUNDS. How will it read then ?
Mr. WILLEY. It will then read' " pro-
vided, that before any member of the Legisla-
ture of said State shall resume his seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon the
duties of his office." &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me suggest to my
friend from West Virginia that some of the
officers have, in a certain way , entered upon
their duties, and would it not be better, there-
fore, to say 1' proceed with the duties of his
office ?"
Mr. STEWART. There are none who have
entered upon their duties. The Governor is
acting as such because he was appointed by
General Canby as provisional governor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; butthe officers
of the Legislature must have entered upon
their duties.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to insert the words
"take or" before "resume." There may be
some who have not taken their seats, and that
will cover every case.
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be modified accord-
ingly. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is upon the amendment.as amended; and upon
this question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That before any member of the Legis-
lature of said State shall take or resume Ms seat, or
any officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, he shall take, subscribe, and file in the
office of the secretary of state of Virginia for per-
manent preservation an oath in the form following:
" i, , do solemnly swear that I hare never
taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as an
officer of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
offioer of any State, to support the Constitution' of the
United States, and afterward engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof; so help me God;" or
such person shall in like manner take, subscribe, and
file the following oath: "X, , do solemnly
swear that I have by act of Congress of the United
States been relieved from the disabilities imposed
upon me by the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States; so help me God;"
which oaths shall be taken before and certified by
any officer lawfully authorized to administer oaths.
And any person who shall knowingly swear falsely
in taking either of such oaths shall be deemed guilty
of perjury, and shall be punished therefor by im-
prisonment not less than one year and not more than
ten years, and shall be fined not less than 81,000 and
not more than $10,000. And in all trials for any vio-
lation of this resolution the certificate of the taking
of either of said oaths, with proof of the signature of
the party accused shall be taken and held as conclu-
sive evidence that such oath was regularly and law-
fully administered by competent authority; And
provided further, That every person who shall neglect
fortheperiodof thirty days next after the passage of
this resolution to take, subscribe, and file such oath
as aforesaid shall bedeemed and taken, to all in tents
and purposes, to have vacated his office.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to solicit the at-
tention of the Senator from Vermont to the
twenty-ninth line of his amendment, as to
whether there should not be some qualifying
word inserted in connection with the word
" person." It now reads " that every person
who shall neglect," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a misprint. It
should read "every such person."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified by inserting the word
" such" before "person."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of a law
that shall punish persons who hold or attempt
to hold office in contravention of the fourteenth
amendment, and have introduced a bill, which
is upon the Calendar, for that purpose; but
I would have it a general law, not only apply-
ing to Virginia but everywhere else. Now, if
I understand the provision of this amendment
as it has been amended on the suggestion of
the Senator from West Virginia, it applies not
only to members of the Legislature, but to all
State officers who may be hereafter, at any
time, elected in the State of Virginia, and will
be a peculiar law to that State. If it is under-
stood, as it is suggested to me, that it applies
only to the Legislature and the officers of the
Legislature already elected, then the remarks
I am making would have no application; but
I thought it had been extended so as to apply-
to anybody who should be appointed to office
in Virginia at any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not bear that con-
struction, though it looks a little like it, I ad-
mit. The last clause, however, shows that it
does not mean that.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not intended to
give it that scope the phraseology had best be
changed. If it is intended to give it that scope
it will be covered by the general law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you pass a general law
this will not have effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we shall have two
laws. The penalties in the general law would
be different probably.
