1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5551
is made; and if there be no farther petitions and
memorials reports of committees are in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back a large num-
ber of petitions, memorials, and resolutions of
various kinds, and to move that the committee
be discharged from their further consideration.
Most of them have been embraced in various
bills that have been passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from "the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolutions, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be indefinitely postponed; which was
agreed to : .
A bill (H. R. No. 1538) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2167) to authorize the
refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 444) supplementary to an act
to provide a national currency, secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3, 1864;
A bill (S. No. 179) to prohibit secret sales
of purchases of gold or bonds oa account of the
United States, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. li. No. 13) to-prohibit
sales of gold belonging to the Treasury of the
United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) relative to
furnishing safes to collectors of internal rev-
enue;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 186) in aid of
the manufacture of American cotton yarn for
export;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 193) to admit
round logs aud dressed ship-timber free of
duty; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 224) concern-
ing telegraph companies.
He. also, from the same committee, who
were, by a resolution of the Senate of January
10, 1870, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of enacting a law whereby the national
banks shall be compelled hereafter to retain
semi-annually the gold interest paid them upon
their bonds held by the Government, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be indefinitely postponed; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the samecommittee, to whom
was referred the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating a report of John Jay
Knox in relation to a revision of the laws per-
taining to the mint and coinage of the United
States asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
importation of a road locomotive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the im-
portation of a common road steam locomotive
free of duty, to report it back without amend-
ment. It is a bill of only three or four lines,
and I ask that it be read and passed now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes G. W. Dick, of Butler
county, Ohio, to import, free of duty, from
Scotland, a common road steam locomotive for
experimental purposes, under such instructions
as maybe given by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
captain beatv's scouts.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
1899. It will only take a minute to dispose
of it.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beaty's company ofindependent
scouts. The preamble recites that David Beaty,
of Fentress county, Tennessee, on the 25th day
of January, 1862, organized a* company of
independent scouts, numbering one hundred
and two men, including himself as captain,
and his first and second lieutenants ; that the
company was on continuous duty engaged in
the work of suppressing the rebellion from
the date of its organization until the 1st of
June, 1865, serving under the orders of the
commander of the Army in Tennessee; that
the company was never legally mustered into
the service of the United Statgs by any prop-
erly organized mustering officer, and neither
officers nor privates have ever received any
compensation for their services from the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The bill there-
fore recognizes the organization aa a part of
the military force of the United States en-
gaged in suppressing the recent rebellion, and
the members thereof, on making proof of
actual service, are declared to be entitled to
the same pay, pensions, as though they had
beeu regularly mustered into the service of
the United-States as cavalry; but there is to
be filed in the War Department a roll of the
company, which is to be sworn to by the cap-
tain and two lieutenants of the company, and
each soldier upon applying for payment under
this act is to be required to make oath as to
the length of his service in the company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
agricultural report.
Mr.ANTH0NY,(Mr.PoMEROTin the chair.)
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution from the
House of Representatives for printing extra
copies of the agricultural report, to report it
back with an amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolvedly the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Thatthero be printed of the annual
report o.f the Commissioner of Agriculture for 18G9,
two hundred andseventy-five thousand extra copies;
two hundred and thirty thousand of which shall be
for the use of the Houso of Representatives, twenty
thousand for the ue of the Senate, and twenty-five
thousand for distribution by the Commissioner of
Agriculture.
The Committee on Printing reported the res-
olution with an amendment, to strike out all
after " 1869 " and to insert:
Two hundred and twenty-five thousand extra
copies; one hundred and eighty thousand of which
shall be for the use of the House, twenty thousand
for the use of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand
for distribution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment is a
reduction from the number asked for by the
House and is the same number that was ordered
last year. My own impression is that the num-
ber is very much too large ; but I know the
strong feeling on the part of the House in favor
of this document. I have not been able here-
tofore to get the Senate to consent to a reduc-
tion ; but at the next session I mean to pro-
pose that this document shall be cut down. I
should be very glad to have it done now, but I
suppose it is impossible to go into a debate on
the subject.
Mr. ITIAYER. What document is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. The agricultural report.
We nov/ print an enormous number of copies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if that
does not give each member of the House a very
much larger number of copies than is given to
each Senator ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It does. The members
of the House have always had many more
copies of this document than the members of
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
The colloquy between the Senator from Ore-
gon and the Senator from Rhode Island is
not in order. I desire to make a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the resolution has been agreed to, but
the resolution itself has not yet been concurred
in. The question is upon the resolution as
amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have been indulging
in no colloquy; I have been addressing the
Chair, although in reply to a question put by
the Senator from Oregon to the Chair, and I
think that is perfectly in order. The Senator
from Oregon asked a question of the Chair,
and I will inform the Chair—I hope that will
be satisfactory to my friend from Kentucky—
that it has always been the practice for the
members of the House of Representatives to
have a much larger number of these books
than the members of the Senate. In former
times each House ordered as many copies as it
saw fit, and the House saw fit to order many
more than the Senate did. But now that it
requires a concurrent resolution to order print-
ing of this kind, we have followed the tradi-
tions of the two Houses. There are some doc-
uments of which Senators receive a larger
number per capita than the members of the
House ; but of this document the members of
the House have always received very much
more than the members of the Senate; and I
should not wish to cut down the number given
to the House without cutting down the number
given to the Senate also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolution, as amended.
The resolution, asamended, was concurred in.
patent office printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was also laid upon
the table yesterday a joint resolution providing
for lithographing the Patent Office reports,
which I should like to have acted upon. It is
House joint resolution No. 187, to provide for
publishing specifications and drawings of the
Patent Office.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say something
on that subject if it ia to be taken up now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, 1 desire to
make a report from the Committee orf Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has been recognized by
the Chair as having a report.
reports of committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Louisa
Kearney, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1066) for the benefit
of Louisa Kearney.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the samecommittee, to whom
was referred the petition of Fernando J.
Moreno, late United States marshal of the
southern district of Florida, praying remuner-
ation for the support of certain Africans cap-
tured from Cuban slave-traders by vessels of
the United States Navy in the year 1860 upon
the high seas and delivered into his custody,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Caroline Hart, sis-
ter of Charles Reynolds,deceased, praying com-
pensation for certain bricks furnished for the
use of the Army by said Reynolds at Natchez,
Mississippi, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. While I am on the floor, I
ask the Seriate to take up House joint resolu-
tion No. 224.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution indicated by him. Is there
objection? The Chair bears none.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. While the
Secretary is hunting up that bill I ask the Sen-
