1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
468
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it would supersede
this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is special. I would
not upon this bill make that general provision,
and I do not know that the Senator from West
Virginia desires to do that. The Senator from
Vermont did not. Had it not best be limited
to the Legislature and the officers of the Legis-
lature, as it was first limited ? If you are going
to make a general provision ou that subject,
and provide for it also in this bill, you will have
one law in reference to it in Virginia, and we
shall very likely pass a different law to apply
generally, as I liope we shall. There is such
a bill reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, making it a penal offense for a person
anywhere in the United States to take and hold
an office in contravention of the fourteenth
amendment. I do not see the propriety of put-
ting it on to this special bill.
Mr. WILLEY. The amendment lias passed
beyond my control now, and is within the prov-
ince of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not any trouble
about it. It does not bear that construction.
The general law will supersede it, at any rate,
if pfisssd
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not leave the word
"thereof" as it was before?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because it was plain that
that only applied to the Legislature.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " The Legislature and
officers thereof." It is easy to make it apply
that far.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 45, nays 13; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Penton, Ferry,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Kice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman. Spencer, Sumner, Thaler, Xipton, Warner,
Y\7illev, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—45.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, lowlor,
Hamilton. MeCroery, Norton, Saulsbury, Stewart,
' Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,
Gilbert, Pool, Ross, and Spragae—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move as an additional
amendment the following:
And provided further. That the State of Virginia is
hereby entitled to representation in Congress as a
State of the Union upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of said State shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote or hold office in said State who are enti-
tled to vote or hold office by said constitution, except
as a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been duly
convicted under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State; or to prevent any person
on account of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude from serving as a juror, or participating
equally in tho school fund or school privileges pro-
vided for in said constitution: Provided, That any
alteration of said constitution equally applicable to
all the voters of said State may be made with regard
to the time and place of residence of said voters.
Mr. STEWART. I think that I have a pretty
strong argument to show that that amendment
is not ncccssary, and it is contained in the dis-
patch which I send to the Chair and ask to have
read for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the following dispatch
Columbus, Ohio, January 14, 1870.
Hon. Jons Sitekji-O:, Wwldnoton :
The senate has ratified the fifteenth amendment.
R. B. HAYES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Give us another for the
house.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I have it I will.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is the worst "argu-
ment" I ever heard in the Senate Chamber.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not
propose after this long debate to take up any
considerable time of the Senate in advocating
the amendment I have offered. _ I think it a
very plain and simple proposition. I know
that there are those who deny the force of these
fundamental conditions, but we have applied
them, and they have at least a moral power
and weight. Now, it cannot be disguised that
there are many in and out of Virginia who are
exceedingly anxious in regard to her future.
I trust, therefore, that this amendment will be
adopted without any opposition, and I think if
it is adopted it will have, at auy rate, a moral
power and influence that will do good, and I
have no doubt that it will have legal -efficacy.
Certainly some oue of the most eminent law-
yers and statesmen in our country have so held.
At any rate, it will show tho anxiety, the feel-
ing, tho purpose, and intention of Congress,
and I trust it will receive the support of the
Senate. I am sure it will have an excellent in-
fluence in the country. There is no disguising
the fact that there are seventy or eighty thouand
men in Virginia to-day who feel anxious over
our action who have doubts about it. I have
great hope and confidence in the future of Vir-
ginia ; but in all that we do here in aiding this
work it is important to us to do all that we can
to strengthen the patriotic sentimentof the loyal
people of that State and of all other States, and
throw around them every possible security.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FERRY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this condi-
tion differs very essentially from the one em-
braced in the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] the other day.
By the amendment offered by theSenatorfrom
Missouri it was contemplated and intended that
in case the State of Virginia should violate the
condition mentioned in it she should cease to
be a State in the Union and should be remanded
to the condition in which she now is. I opposed
that condition because it was entirely incom-
patible with the very nature and essence of a
State of the Union. It was an attempt to
retain in Congress a power to drive a State out
of the Union, and to turn her out by reason of
her violation of a condition-subsequent to her
admission. Of course I regarded that as en-
tirely inadmissible as a principle of law.
This present amendment presents to us the
question whether, in case Virginia by her Le-
gislature, or by any act of a convention which
she might call, should violate any one of these
conditions her action would be valid under the
Constitution. I take it, the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts gives it this construction:
in case the Legislature of Virginia should pass
an act inconsistent with any one of those con-
ditions, whether the State act itself would be
valid or invalid. I suppose his expectation is
that such an act would be simply invalid and
inoperative as being inconsistent with this act;
but certainly he does not contemplate that the
State would therefore be remanded into the
military condition which she now occupies.
I feel some hesitancy, I confess, in attempt-
ing to annex conditions-subsequent to the ad-
mission of a State into the Union. I am by no
means sure that Congress have any authority
to annex conditions-subsequent to the admis-
sion of a State into the Union, because, as I
apprehend, when a State has taken her place
in the Union she is invested with all the priv-
ileges and franchises properly belonging to a
State, and she may exercise them. But it is a
question which I believe has never been adju-
dicated. I am not aware that any question has
ever been brought before the courts involving
an inquiry into the legality or constitutionality
of such a condition in an act of Congress. I
am willing, however, to try the experiment in
this case. Certainly the conditions mentioned
in this amendment, the principles set forth in
it, are of the most vital importance to the pros-
perity not only of Virginia but of all other
States of the Union, in reference to the rights
and privileges of citizens, the rights of educa-
tion, &c.; and if Virginia is that loyal State
which she is held up to be now, which she pro-
fesses to be, I do not think it is very likely she
will ever undertake to violate any of those con-
ditions or to pass any act inconsistent with them.
I hope not; I pray not, for her own interest,
for her own reputation, and for her success and
prosperity in the long future which is before
her, and which, I trust, will be as glorious as
her past once was. I shall vote for this amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING-. Assuming, Mr. Presi-
dent, that we have the power to adopt the
amendment and enforce it, it would be well
that we know what it means before we vote
for or against it; and therefore I will ask, if I
may, the attention of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts who introduced it, as it
has not been printed, that I may see whether
I apprehend it aright. I wish to enumerate
some of its effects as I suppose they are. It
prohibits Virginia, by the action of all her peo-
ple, from ever making intelligence a test of the
qualification to vote. It prohibits her making
education, the ability to read and write, a qual-
ification of franchise. It prohibits her saying
that habitual drunkenness shall be a.disqualifi-
cation in a voter.
Mr. FERRY. Or for holding office.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a separate thing;
I am now on the subject of franchise. I call
the attention of the Senate to the fact, if my
interpretation be right, and if not I wish the
Senator from Massachusetts would correct me,
that by adopting this amendment we are about
to impose upon Virginia a perpetual prohibi-
tion, albeit her whole people might concur in
the desired change, against excluding habitual
drunkards from the polls, or idiots from the
polls, if they are not excluded, or persons
wholly illiterate, or wholly vicious by reason
of destitution of moral character. So much as
to the franchise.
Again, if I understand it aright, the people
of Virginia by no organic change shall be per-
mitted to say hereafter that drunkards shall not
sit on juries, or persons of infamous character,
or persons wholly illiterate, incapable of sub-
scribing their name to an oath to true deliver-
ance make between the people and the prisoner
at the bar.
Again, if I understand the amendment., and
I refer to that part of it which relates to
schools, not even by constitutional provision
may persons of different colors be separated,
but they must commingle, nolens volens, so far
as the constitution is concerned, in a common
and identical participation in the privileges of
schools.
There are other things to which I might refer;
holding office, for example. As I understand,
were this amendment law, assuming that it
has the effect as well as the name of law, Vir-
ginia might not say that any of the classes of
persons to whom I have referred should not
hold office within that Commonwealth.
I do not mean to argue, I do not mean to
be tempted into a discussion of the power to
impose lasting conditions upon the State of
Virginia which shall survive restoration : I will
not even argue the merits of that proposition ;
but I wish to know whether I am right in the
effect of the amendment, as it has not been
printed, and as we have not had an opportunity
to read it. If I am right I humbly submit to
the Senate of the United States whether it is
ready, and ready this morning, to determine
perpetually for the State of Virginia police reg-
ulations, conventionalities, local usages, such
as these entering so intimately into the social
condition, and pertaining so essentially to the
local discretion of the people to whom they
are to apply.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that at half
past four o'clock the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HOWARD. We shall probably get
through before that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves that at half past four
