762
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the passage of this act, during her nat-
ural life.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLXII.—An Act.granting a Pension
to Betsey Arlin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Betsey Arlin, mother
of John Arlin. late a private in company G,
sixty-first Massachusetts volunteers, from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Jacob Gates.
lie it enaetcd by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed t.o place
on the pension-roll of the United States the
name of Jacob Gates, who served in a com-
pany commanded by Captain John A. Burd,
second regiment light dragoons, Pennsylvania
inilitia, during the war of eighteen hundred
and twelve, the said Jacob Gates to receive a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from and after the passage of this act, during
his natural life.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLXXir.—An Act granting a Pension
to Amanda M. Ritchey.
Be it enacieil by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, arid he is hereby, authorized and
directed lo placo the name of Amanda M.
Uitcliey, widow of Powers Ritchey, late a con-
tract, surgeon in the UnitedStales Army, upon
the pension-rolls, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of seventeen dollars per month from
mid after the passage of this act.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXXIII,—An Act granting a Pension
to Surah E. Stubbs.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations'of the pension
laws, the name of Sarah E. Stubbs, widow of
Martin D. Stubbs, late a private in company
G, eleventh regiment Iowa volunteers, and to
pay her a pension from and after the passage
of this aet during her widowhood.
Approved, June 20, 1870.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Aet for the Relief of
Commodore S. 1!. Bissell and Commodore
John C. Carter.
Jleit enacted by the Senate anil House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cong) ess ai^embled, That from the thirteenth
d-iy of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, to the fourteenth of January, eighteen hun-
dred a ad fifty-eight, Commodore S. B. Bissell
and Commodore John C. Carter&hall be allowed
t he difference between the pay thatthey received
and the_ pay of a commander in the United
States Navy.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act for the Benefit of
Margaret Kiddle, widow and executrix of
George Read Riddle.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is here-
by, appropriated to Margaret Riddle, widow
and executrix of George Read Riddle, deceased,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, two thousand dollars, in full
satisfaction for supplies for the Army of the
United States taken from the said Riddle
during the late rebellion.
Approved, June 80, 1870.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to John W. Salyers, a Soldier of the
War of 1812.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of John W. Salyers, of Indi-
ana, a soldier of the war of eighteen hundred
and twelve, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on Feb-
ruary ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
Ciiap. CLXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
James C. Strong.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to recognize James C.
Strong as colonel of the thirty-eighth (consol-
idated) regiment of New York volunteers, from
November sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to June twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three ; and the Paymaster
General is hereby directed to pay to said James
C. Strong the full pay and allowances of a
colonel for said period.
Approved, June 80, 1870.
Chap. CCI.—An Act granting a Peusiou to
Henry C. Weatherby.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Henry C. Weath-
erby, father of Henry K. Weatherby, late a
private in company I of the second Iowa cav-
alry, upon the pension-rolls, and pay him a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the twenty-second day of February, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. ^CCII.—An Act to confirm the Title of
the Heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to
certain Lands in the Territory of Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant to Gerva-
cio Nolan, late of the valley of Taos, deceased,
approved by the surveyor general of New
Mexico October eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and designated as numherfory-eight
in the transcript of private land claims in New
Mexico, transmitted to Congress by the Secre-
tary of the Interior on the twelfth day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, but being now
within the limits of the Territory of Colorado,
is hereby confirmed to the extent of eleven
square leagues.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
exterior lines of said claim of eleven leagues
as confirmed by this act shall be adjusted ac-
cording to lines of the public surveys as near
as practicable, but in a compact form, and the
claims of all actual settlers falling within the
limits of the located claim above referred to
shall be adjusted to the extent which will em-
brace their several settlements upon their sev-
eral claims being established either as preemp-
tions or homesteads according to law. and for
the aggregate of the arears [areas] of claims
so established under the preemption or home-
stead acts, the heirs of said Nolan, or then-
legal representatives, shall be entitled to locate
a like quantity of public lands, not mineral,
according to the lines of the public surveys, and
not to exceed one hundred and sixty acres
in one section : Provided, That such location
shall be made within the bounds of the original
grant by the order of Cornelio Vigil to Ger-
vacio Nolan.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to cause the lines of the
public surveys to be run in the regions where
a proper location would place the said Nolan
claim, and the expense of the same shall be
paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; but before the con-
firmation provided for by this act shall become
legally effective, the heiis of the said Gervacio
Nolan, or their legal representatives, shall pay
the cost of so much of said surveys as inures to
their benefit respectively, and that all actual
settlers whose claims may be adjusted as valid
shall have a right to enter their improvements
by a strict compliance with the preemption or
homestead laws.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That upon
the adjustment of said claim of the heirs of
Gervacio Nolan, according to the provisions
of this act, it shall be the duty of the surveyor
general of the district to furnish properly ap-
proved plats of said claimants, or their legal
representatives, which shall be evidence of
title, the same to be done according to such
instructions as may be given by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office : Provided,
however, That when said lands are so confirmed
surveyed, and patented, they shall be held and
taken to be in full satisfaction of all further
claims or demands against the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That im-
mediately upon running the lines provided foria
the second section of this act the surveyor gen-
eral of the district shall notify the said heiis of
Gervacio Nolan, or their legal representatives,
of the fact of such survey being made, and said
claimants shall, within three months after notice
of such survey, select and locate their said
claims according to the provisions of this act,
and,shall, within said time furnish the surveyor
general with a description of such location,
specifying the lines of the same, and the party
failing to make such selection and location in
such manner and within such time shall be
deemed and held to have abandoned their claim,
and their rights and equities under this act shall
cease and terminate.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act for the settlement of
the Account of Captain E. M. Buchanan,
late Commissary of Subsistence of Volun-
teers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
C,oj3i7r<?ssasse«i6/cc?,'J,hattheacconntingofficers
in the Third Auditor's office of the Treasury
Department be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to settle the account of Captain E. M.
Buchanan, late commissary of subsistence of
volunteers, as theyshall believe to be just and
equitable upon all testimony that may be sub-
mitted, claiming credit for the sum of one thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-six dollars and
eighty-nine cents, the amount which is alleged
to have been upon his body when murdered
