3664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
stitutional question, or invade the right of any
State. I
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to offer my amendment and have it
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
proposes an amendment to the amendment,
which will be read for the information of the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may state to Senators
who desire to see the sections in print, that
they can be found on the files. The number
of the House bill is 477.
Mr. C ASSERLY. I think a shorter way to
accomplish the purpose would be to bring in
an amendment that none but members of the
dominant party shall ever be elected from any
district in the city of New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be a
very good thing if the people there could have
an opportunity to elect one of the right kind ;
but they have never yet had that opportunity,
and cannot have it now.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 am surprised to hear
the gentleman make a statement which is so
inconsistent with all the history of politics in
that city. The lirst time there ever was a regis-
tration in the city of New York was in 1840.
At that election the registration law passed by
the Whigs was in full operation, and the city,
which had been carried by the Whigs for two
or three years, was at that election lost by
them and carried by the opposite party by
very considerable majorities. The Senator is
mistaken if he supposes that by any contriv-
ance short, of that which I have suggested to
him lie will be able to destroy or whittle away
the Democratic majorities in the congressional
districts of New York. I wish the gentleman
could ho there himself to hold a fair election.
He would be satisfied, in spite of the frauds
which he alleges, and which may exist, for
aught I know, to some extent—they are apt to
exist in large cities, and I think they do in
all to some extent—ho would understand that
after making nil deductions for frauds and false
voting there is no district in the city of New
York that is otherwise than anti-Republican.
That great city is too large in her ideas to bo
bound down to the narrow dogmas of Radi-
calism.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I
desire to reply to my honorable friend until
the amendment is read which I have sent up
to be read as a part of my speech. But per-
haps I might as well say now, in reply to him,
that at, the last election for President of the
United States in the city of New York, as was
shown hy an oflicial examination in the House
of Representatives, there were thousands and
tens of thousands of illegal votes, and liberty
and law were subverted. Sir, if the result of
that election had depended on the vote of New
York we should have had war and revolution
growing out of this state of things in New York.
1 am surprised that my honorable friend, living
away off on the Pacific coast, should deny a
Btate of things that is known. Why, sir, only
the other day in the election in the city of New
York, if we can believe the journals, the only
source of information we have without going
into an oflicial examination, there were whole-
sale frauds.
Now, sir, I am not so much a partisan as to
desire to see these frauds committed on the
Republican side; and I believe as a general
rule they are not committed on tho Republican
side. The strength of the Republican party
in this country is in the masses of the country
people, the farmers, the mechanics, the labor-
ers of the country. The strength of the Dem-
ocratic party for years during the war and since
has been in the pest houses of the cities, where
vice breeds. In the city of New York, 1 think
it is true, as the gentleman says, that every
congressional district is Democratic for the
„very reason I have stated. But when that vote
interferes with or controls the great body of the !
masses of the people of New York, the farm-
ers and laboring men living out in the coun-
try, then it becomes a national evil so great,
so dangerous, and so alarming in character,
that it is the duty of Congress to protect itself
and the people from the danger arising from
these great frauds.
Bu*, as the Senator will see when he hears
the amendment read, it does not assume a party
aspect at all. My impression is that these sec-
tions, as prepared, have been agreed to by at
least some of the Democratic members of that
committee; but of that I am not sure. I know
the proposition has been handed to me by the
gentleman who reported it, himself a good
lawyer. The Senator will see that by the
very language of it there is nothing of a party
character in it; nothing that will protect a fraud-
ulent Republican any more than a fraudulent
Democrat. I ask that the amendment may be
read as a part of my remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
amendment read, and then I propose to say'
something in reply to the Senator from Ohio.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to add as additional sections
the following:
And be it farther enacted. That if at any election for
Representative or Delegate in the Congress of the
United States, or for electors of President and Vice
President of tho United States, any person shall
knowingly personate and vote, or attempt to vote, in
the name of any other porson, whether living, dead,
or fictitious; or vote inoro than once at the same
election for any candidate for the same office; or vote
atr a place where ho may not bo lawfully entitled to
vote; or voto without having a lawful rightto vote;
or do any unlawful act to secure a right or an oppor-
tunity to vote for himself or any other person; or by
force, threat, menace, intimidation, bribery, reward,
or offer, or promise thereof, or otherwiso unlawfully
prevent any qualified voter of any Statoof the Uni-
ted States of America, or of any Territory thereof,
from freely exercising tho right of suffrage, or by any
such means induce any voter to refuse to exercise
such right; or compel or induce by any such means,
or otherwise, any officer of an election in any such
State or Territory to receive a vote from a person not
legally qualified or entitled to vote; orinterfero in
any manner with any otlicerof Said elections in tho
discharge of his duties: or by any of such means or
otherwise induce any officer of an election, or officer
whose duty it is to ascertain, announce, or declare
the result of any such election, or givo or make any
certificate, document, or evidence in relation thereto,
to violate or refuse to comply with his duty or any
law regulating tho same; or knowingly and willfully
receive tho vote of any person not entitled to vote,
or rofuse to reccive the vote of any person entitled
to vote; or aid,counsel, procure, or advise any such
votor, person, or officer to do any act hereby made a
crimo, or to omit to do any duty tho omission of
which is hereby made a crime, or attempt to do so,
evory such person shall be deemed guilty of a crimo,
and shall for such crimo be liable to indictment in
any court of tho United States of competent juris-
diction, and on conviction thereof shall be punished
by a lino not exceeding $600, or by imprisonment for
a term not exceeding tlireo years, or both, in the
discretion of tho court, aud shall pay the cost3 of
prosecution.
And bt it further enacted, That if at any registra-
tion of voters for an election for Representative or
Dolegato in tho Congress of tho United States, or for
electors of President and Vico President of the Uni-
ted States, any person shall knowingly porsonato or
register, or attempt to register in the name of any
other porson whether living, dead, or fictitious, or
attempt to register at a place whero ho shall not bo
lawful ly entitled to register, or register or attempt
to register not having a lawful right so to do. or
do any unlawful act to securo registration for him-
solf or any other person, or by force, throat, menace,
intimidation, bribery, roward, or offer, or promise
thereof, or otherwise, unlawfully prevent or hinder
any porson liavinn a lawful rklit to register troui
duly exorcising such right; or compel or induco by
any Bucti moans or otherwiso any otneor of registra-
tion to admit to registration any person not legally
entitled thereto; or interfere in any manner with
any officer of registration in the dischargo of his
duties; or by any such moans or otherwise induce
any otnoer of registration to violate or refuse to com-
ply with his duty or any law regulating tho same;
or knowingly and willfully receive tho voto of any
person not entitled to vote, or refuse to receivo tho
voto of any person eutitled to voto, or aid, counsel,
procure, or advise any such voter, person, or officer
to do any act hereby made a crime, or to omit any
act tho omission of which is made a crime, every
such person shall bo deemed guilty of a crim,-, and
shall beliablo to indictment and punishment there-
for, as provided in tho first section of thi* net fivr
persons guilty of any of the eriiues therein specified.
^lat/ be 11 further enacted, Tii.tt it any person shall,
by force, threat, menace, intimidation, or otherwise,
unlawfully proven t any cit ui'ii or citizen^ fi'im asscm-
| bling in public meeting, to freely discuss or heardis-
cussed the claims or merite of any candidate for tho
office of President or Vice President or elector thereof,
or Iteprescntative or Delegate in Congress, or of any
officer of the Government of the United States: or the
laws or measures of Congress, or any measure exist-
ing, pending, or proposed, affecting the Government
of the United States, or any department or officer
thereof; or if any person shall by any such means
break up, disperse, or molest any suen assemblage,
or molest any citizen in or of such assemblage, every
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a crime,
and shall be liable to indictment and punishment
therefor, as provided in the first section of this act lor
persons guilty of any of the crimes therein specified.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a commentary upon
the recent election in New York, I will ask the
Secretary to read an extract from the New
York Sun, which supported the Democratic
ticket in the recent election there.
Mr. CASSERLY. The New York Sun!
Mr. SHERMAN. It supported Mr. Church,
who was the candidate of the Democratic party.
Its hostility to General Grant and the Admin-
istration I suppose is pretty well known. I ask
that the extract be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
Ohio proceeds, I suggest to him that a portion
of the amendment which he has offered is man-
ifestly without the least authority in the Con-
stitution—that part of it, as the Senator will
see at once, which proposes to provide for the
election of electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident. That is a matter expressly left to the
States. Congress has no power whatever over
the election of presidential electors. The Legis-
lature of the State may do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment in elec-
tions for officers of the national Government
we can prescribe, under the Constitution, the
mode and manner and qualification of voters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senatormean
to say that Congress can prescribe the mode of
electing electors of President? The Constitu-
tion is express on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator
after awhile.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed it was an
inadvertence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I think there
is not one word in the sections that is not
expressly authorized by the language of the
Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In very words tho Con-
stitution of the United States says that elect-
ors of President and Vice President shall be
appointed in the manner each State shall
1 provide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read the clause.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have thi> floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I had the floor and yielded
for an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky was entitled to the flour, and
yielded it to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had sent up a paper to
be read at the desk; it was not read when the
Senator from Kentucky rose.
.Mr. DAVIS. I will not make any question
with the honorable Senator from Ohio, but I
was recognized. I am willing to yield to him,
however.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that that extract
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th o extract
will be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer that the honorable
Seuator from Ohio should occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate at this time if he wishes.
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as that is read I
will give way.
Mr. DAVIS. Speak as long as you please.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give way then.
1 Mr. DAVIS. I defer to the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. As soon as
that is read I will not delay my frieud from
Kentucky.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should desire to .--.sy
something on the amendment the S-mi i <>r
from Ohio has offered. I ask for its re-i-im.;
