464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
o'clock the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
recess.
Mr. STEWART. I hope there will be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not a de-
batable motion. It partakes of the same char-
acter as a motion to adjourn.
_Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish the bill now
without a recess.
Mr. STEWART. There is no way of get-
ting it through except by taking this recess.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 24, noes 28.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. I want to test the sense of the Senate
on this matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This motion evidently
involves the question whether we shall pass
the bill—
Mr. EDWARDS. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let us vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cat-
tell, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Pen-
ton, Ferry. Fowler, Hamilton, Hamlin, Howe, Me-
Creery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Pratt, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, 'l'rumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Williams—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Boreman,
Brownlow, Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn, Patterson,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Sumner. Thayer, Viekers, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Mossrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Gilbert, Kellogg, Pomcroy, Pool, Sprague, and
Tipton—9.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Drake, Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pom-
croy, Pratt, Ramsey, Riee, Robertson, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler. Hamilton, Kellogg,
McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekers, Warner, Willey, and Williams—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler,
(filbert. Pool, Schurz, and Sprague—7.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer an amendment, to
insert the following as an additional proviso :
And provided further, That the said State is enti-
tled to representation in Congress upon the following
further fundamental condition: that the Legislature
thereof shall have no power to pass any act or joint
resolution purporting to rescind, annul, or retract
its ratification of any amendment to the Constitution
heretofore ratified by it.
Mr. _ President, I offer this amendment as
obviating an objection which was very strongly
urged against a previous amendment that I
offered, to wit, that if adopted it by terms
authorized the exclusion of that State from
Congress. This does not. It simply declares
that the Legislature of that State shall have
no power to pass any act or joint resolution
purporting to rescind, annul, or retract its rati-
fication of any constitutional amendment. I
hope the Senate will see that in changing the
character of it, while guarding the amendment
upon which that Legislature has acted hereto-
fore, there is that presented which will com-
mend itself to adoption in this body.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. Suppose some future Con-
gress should propose an amendment to the
existing Constitution by which some of these
amendments that we have made would be
repealed or rescinded, does this proposition
deny to Virginia the right to act under that
proposed amendment ?
Mr. DRAKE. Not at all. It only denies
to her the right to pass any act or joint reso-
lution purporting to rescind, annul, or retract
the previous ratification made by her, a ratifi-
cation made before the passage of this act. If
we should propose other amendments to the
Constitution hereafter, the question that would
come up before the Legislature of Virginia
would be simply whether it would ratify that
amendment then before it. It would not be a
question of rescinding, annulling, or retractinw
a ratification which it had made prior to the
date of the passage of this bill. The honor-
able Senator from Oregon will see that in a
moment, I think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I know
that the patience of the Senate is exhausted,
and I do not propose to say anything on this
question more than to express my conviction,
as I have heretofore done, that the Congress
of the United States has no power under the
Constitution to impose a fundamental condi
tion upon a State which deprives it to any con-
siderable extent of its State sovereignty as an
equal in the Union of the States. Now, sir,
it is proposed by this amendment to take from
the State of Virginia that power which the
State of Massachusetts may exercise or the
State of New York may exercise; and for all
future time, no matter what contingencies may
occur, no matter how universal or imperative
the demand may be by the American people
for a change in the Constitution of the United
States, this proposed fundamental condition is
to bind the State of Virginia. So far as I am
concerned I do not believe that this condition,
as it is called, has any validity whatever, and
that any act of the State of Virginia when she
is fully restored to her relations to the Federal
Union will be invalid because in conflict with
this fundamental condition.
Now, sir, how is obedience on the part of
the State of Virginia to this fundamental con-
dition to be enforced? Suppose we attach
this fundamental condition and Virginia dis-
regards it, how is the State of Virginia to be
punished for that act ? Is there any power in
the Government to arraign a State and punish
it for a violation of a law of Congress, or for
any other act that does not amount to insur-
rection or treason against the Government ?
It may be that this will have no legal force or
effect; it may only produce a moral effect upon
the people of the country; but I think the
Senate of the United States, supposed, to con-
sist of men who know something about the
Constitution and the mode of enacting laws,
should not put its judgment upon record for
the purpose of producing a moral effect in the
country when the probabilities are that that
judgment will be condemned as unconstitu-
tional and void. The Senate should be sup-
posed to be governed by the requirements of
the Constitution and by its correct interpreta-
tion, without regard particularly or exclus-
ively to the moral effect of its legislation.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted, and that we shall take the
vote upon it at once. It has been discussed a
long time. It is the same admission, that a
State may withdraw its ratification, which the
Senator before proposed. It can possibly do
no good, and it may do much harm. It is a
simple declaration of the opinion of Congress.
Let us vote upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would very
respectfully intimate to the honorable Senator
from Nevada that he has pressed the Senate
far enough upon this bill. He has succeeded
in getting the Senate to order a recess to press
the consideration of this bill into the night ;
and now I take leave to say for one that I shall
offer just such amendments to this bill as I
please to offer, and shall accompany them with
just such an amount of remarks as I please
to make, and that I shall not be at all pre-
vented by the urgency of the Senator from
Nevada in taking this course.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Oregon
objects to fundamental conditions. I would
inquire of that honorable Senator if he voted
for the bill for the admission of Arkansas into
the Union ? That contained a fundamental
condition which is to bind that State forever if
any fundamental condition can bind a State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator desire
an answer?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I expect to vote for the
admission of the State of Virginia if the Sen-
ate should attach this amendment to the bill,
but the amendment is contrary to my judg-
ment. I have uniformly from the beginning of
the work of reconstruction opposed these fund-
amental conditions; but whenever they have
been attached I have voted for the bills. I do
not expect that a bill will always conform in
every particular, to my wishes; but when a
great end is to be accomplished I am willing to
submit to the judgment of the Senate upon
incidental matters. I shall vote for the admis-
sion of the State of Virginia, no matter what
conditions are attached; but I would prefer
to admit her without condition. That is my
position.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood the Senator from
Oregon to say, moreover, that it was not ex-
pedient for us to put a judgment upon record
here that was to be subsequently condemned.
Now, I should like to know, if the honorable
Senator will tell me, as he did not say, by whom
or by what authority that judgment is to be
condemned? What was in his mind as to the
condemning power that was to visit our judg-
ment of this description with condemnation ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator wish an
iswer ?
Mr. DRAKE. I do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, Mr. President, I
think it is possible that the judgment of the
Senate, if affirmed in favor of these funda-
mental conditions, may be condemned by the
people of the United States at some subsequent
time ; and it is possible that som.e State n ay
legislate in conflictwith these so-called funda-
mental conditions ; and the question may arise
before the judicial tribunals of the country as
to whether the State law is valid or not, and
the courts may decide that these fundamental
conditions are invalid, as I believe they would
decide.
If the State of Virginia, after she is fully
restored, passes a law clearly within her juris-
diction as a State, and not in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States or any of
the laws of Congress, I believe that the courts
would hold that that law would be valid and
against these fundamental conditions. I do not
understand when I speak of a law that these
fundamental conditions are in the nature of a
law. They are rather in the nature of a com-
pact, in the shape of an agreement between
Congress and the State of Virginia, that such
things as are prohibited in these fundamental
conditions shall not occur. I regard all fund-
amental conditions as more in the nature of
an agreement; they are propositions made by
Congress to Virginia. " You maybe admitted
on these terms if you agree to them." That
cannot be said to be a law of Congress in any
sense, because it takes the joint action of the
State_ of Virginia and_ Congress to make it
effective; and so I distinguish this from legis-
lation by Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there is drawn
from the Senator from Oregon just what I sup-
posed would be: that here in the Senate of
the United States time and again we are to
have held up before us in terrorem the judg-
ment of another tribunal in a coordinate depart-
ment of this Government; and, sir, I deem it
ml duty against this thing, in all the forms in
which it may come up at any time, to enter my
protest. I say that we are sent here to judge
of the constitutionality of our measures, and
that there is no tribunal outside that has a
right to overthrow our judgment on that point
except the people of the United States.
