1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Virginia, praying an appropriation of money
or of land to reimburse the college for the
destruction in 1862,1863, and 1864 of its build-
ings, inclosures, and other college property;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of R. C.
Anderson, Prince Edward county, Virginia;
and of W. S. Coons, Culpepper county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition from the
delegation of the Cherokee Indians, asking for
payment of their expenses while in Washing-
ton city on business for their nation or tribe ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Sarah Gas-
nell, widow of Wyley Gasnell, deceased, who
•was a private of the first Tennessee cavalry,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. OSBORN presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Florida, asking that a mail
route be established from Oghesee, in Calhoun
county, to Marianna, in Jackson county ; also
from Marianna, Jackson county, to Abe
Springs, Calhoun county; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Florida, asking that a mail
route be established from Lake City, Columbia
county, to Waldo, in Alachua county; also
from Sopschopsy, in Wakulla county, to the
residence of Henry Anderson, in the same
county; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Florida, asking that a mail
route be established between Pilatka, Putnam
county, and Dunn's Lake, Putnam county,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WARNER presented the petitions of
Thomas H. Herndon, Levi W. Lawler, C. E.
Thames, and L. Gibbons, of Mobile, Alabama,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of sixty-
three persons, inhabitants of Lewiston, in
Niagara county, New York, remonstrating
against the construction of a bridge across the
Niagara river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Elijah A. Swearingen, of Texas, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. McDONALD presented a petition of
citizens of Arkansas, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present, and do it as a duty, a
remonstrance, which is said to contain the
names of over two thousand citizens of the
District of Columbia, against Senate bill No.
602, purporting to regulate the sale of intox-
icating liquors in the District of Columbia. I
shall vote myself for a bill for the suppression
of drinking-houses here at any time and at all
times ; but I present this remonstrance because
I feel it to be a duty. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the memorial
of John G. Pressley, a citizen formerly of
South Carolina, now of California, asking that
his disabilities be removed. The memorial is
indorsed by the Governor and Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of the State of California, and by the
presiding officer of the house of Assembly. I
move that it be referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Sarah A. Greeves, praying compens-
ation for property destroyed by United States
troops in 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
On motion of Mr. McDONALD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of delegates of the
Creek nation of Indians, remonstrating against the
organization of a territorial government for the
Indian territory, be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 569) to provide for
the disposition of useless military reservations be
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 179) to extend the time for
withdrawal of distilled spirits now in bond in dis-
tillery warehouses, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. BAYARD. Representing the minority
of the Committee on Finance, I should say that
I disagree to this report; and although the joint
resolution will go upon the Calendar with the
recommendation of the majority of the com-
mittee that it do not pass, still I trust such will
not be found to be the sense of the Senate when
the matter comes up for discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 446) to amend an act entitled '' An
act for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha,"
approved 14th February, 1865, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred joint resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Tennessee,
and also the petition of the Governor and mem-
bers of the senate and house of representa-
tives of that State, praying Congress to pass
some special act for the relief of Captain
George E. Grisham, and also the bill (H. R.
No. 268) for the relief of Captain George E.
Grisham, of Tennessee, reported the bill with
an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of J. H.
Merrill, praying compensation for services ren-
dered in the Army during the rebellion, and at
San Francisco in 1849, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ethan A. Sawyers,
praying compensation for services rendered to
the United States during the war of the rebel-
lion, and for property taken and used by the
Army of the United States, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, have instructed me to report it back
with a statement that the conditions or pro-
visos annexed to the bill, excepting the first,
are the same which were annexed to the bills
recognizing Virginia and Mississippi as enti-
tled to representation, and which the Senate
has twice adopted. Therefore, the committee
consider it unnecessary that it should make
any recommendation in reference to those con-
ditions. The first proviso to the bill is in ac-
cordance with the opinion of the committee
as already expressed in the report which it
submitted to the Senate Bome days ago and
which has been printed, and therefore it recom-
mends its adoption. The committee report
back the bill without amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
or any member of that committee who can
answerthe question, if there is a minority report
on the bill from the House for the admission
of Georgia?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. Committees
never make minority reports. I do not know
that there is any minority making any report.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose of course the
majority of the committee do not make a
minority report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When a report is made
it is understood to be the report of the com-
mittee. Unless some member of the commit-
tee dissents, and asks leave to present his
dissenting views, the Senate takes it as the
report of the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
understood that several members of the com-
mittee do dissent, and will at the proper time
make known their dissent.
Mr. THAYER. I have accomplished my
object in bringing out the fact in that respect.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1467) to construe certain acts therein cited in
relation to pensions, approved July 27, 1868 ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
I
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
| sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
! 645) to establish certain post roads in Indiana ;
j \ which was read twice by its title, referred to
i the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for the payment
of the expenses of the delegation of the east-
ern Cherokees, which I desire to have referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that propositions drawing money out
of the Treasury by parliamentary usage should
be bills, not joint resolutions. This will be
changed to a bill if the Senator has no objec-
tion.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 646) providing for
the payment of the expenses of the delegation
of the eastern Cherokees; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
j Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous con-
| sent to introduce a bill, and in doing so I
; desire to state that the bill conforms substan-
| tially with the suggestion contained in the re-
| port made by the Louisville convention in
i regard to the proposed route to the Pacific
| denominated the southern Pacific route, and
■ also the suggestions contained in reports of
i several commercial conventions held during
the summer in the Mississippi valley; and I
shall ask speedy action upon it by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 647) to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, California,
with branches and connections; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 152) in relation to the
conduct of the Spanish Government in its
treatment of captured Cuban insurgents;
j which was read at length, aa follows:
Retolved, See., That the conduct of the Spanish
, Government in Cuba, in its treatment of captured
insurgents and of persons suspected of sympathy
; with the insurgents, in mutilating the dead and in
I disregard of age, sex, and condition, is cruel, inhu-
| man, and barbarous, and deserves the reprobation
j of the Christian world.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
' tion of that resolution now.
