lBfO.
THB OONGRBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
177t
Tbe VICE PRESIDE NT. Its considera-
t!on is not desired now.
Mr. POME ROY. I do not desire its con-
sideration. It relates simply to the treatment
bv the Spanish Government of their captured
prisoners. I ask to have it read the second
time, printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The Senator should lay before us any
evidence ob that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I have evidence, which
I propose to lay before the Senate hereafter.
Mf. SUMNER. At the same time it might
be well to have evidence of the conduct on the
other side. I have a statement here that nearly
seven hundred Spaniards were shot by the
other side. I do not know how true it is; bat
I understand it is on the authority of General
Qnesada.
Mr. POMEROY.- I have some evidence on
the subject which I should be glad to submit
to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER.: Do I understand thai this
is a joint resolution ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a joint resolution,
which I ask may be printed and laid on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
second reading.
The joint resolution was read the second
time, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed. ' ■
STATE OF GE0R8IA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of the bill
to admit the State of Georgia. I hope we may
have unanimous consent to do so. ft is desir-
able for many reasons that we should dispose
of this matter. The Senate knows that the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee has already
been expressed in opposition to these fund-
amental conditions; but we did not think it
proper, after repeated decisions of the Senate,
to make a report to strike them out. We have
therefore reported the bill back to the Senate,
and if it meets the views of the Senate I hope
we shall take up the bill "and dispose of it now,
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to-day.
Ml- TRUMBULL. Can. we not dispose of
it without much debate?
Mr. SHERMAN. If you can pass it with-
out debate I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope so.
Mr. MORTON. That is impossible,
Mr. SHERMAN,. Senators around roe say
it is impossible.
Mr. BOREMAN. .1 object to the present
consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A'single objec-
tion prevents its being considered to-day. ■
HENKY ETTING,
Mr. SCOTT. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 488, to attthoriae the officers of the Treas-
ury Department to enter a credit «pon the
account of Henry Etting, paymaster in the
Navy. It will take bttt a few moments.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a privileged
question. It is in reference to. the resolution
to amend the rules of the &ensrte> reported yes-
terday; bat if the Senator desires to pass the
bill, and it leads to no debate, I will* not press
the privileged question at this time. '
Mr. SCOTT. I hope this bill
wilted to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oh the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 488) to authorize the officers of the Treas-
ury Department to enter a credit upon the
aecoant of Henry Etting, paymaster in the
Navy, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole- By it the
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
are directed to credit Henry Etting, paymaster
to the United States Navy, with the sum of
*$1,098 61, paid by him to Lieutenant J. C.
Rich in 1848,1844, and 1846, for services as
41st Con . 2d Sess.—No. 112.
will jtef*
judge advocate of courts-martial ordered by
Commodore Perry, commanding the United
States naval forces On the west coast of Africa.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. G. KENDALL'3 SURETIES.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider thp report of the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Rules made yes-
terday.
Mr. THURMAN, Will my friend from
Kansas allow me for one. moment to ask the
Senate to take up a bill that has twice passed
the Senate unanimously, and that every com-
mittee that has considered it in this House and
in the other House says is.right ?
Mr. POMEROY. , I am, willing that this
report should be kid, aside iafojrnjaliy until
the Clerk can find it. I give the floor to the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN*. It is Senate bill No,, 349.
for the relief of Saqinel F. Butterworth and
others. It has twice passed the Senate unani-
mously, and has heen reported on unanimously
by every committee that hae considered it. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed toand the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S-,Nq; 349) fof the relief of
Samuel F. Butterworth and others. . ,,
. The Committee on Post.Offices and Po^t
Roads reported amendments to the bill, so as
to make it read :
Be it enatUd, &o.. That Samuel P. Butterworth and
the heirsand representatievs of Arnold Harris, sure-
ties of William G. Kendall, formerly deputy postmas-
ter of New Orleans, Louisiana, be, and they hereby
are, released from all olaisi which the United States
may have against them as such sureties ;aud the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is here by directed to cause any
judgment now or.hereafter Tendered which affects
said jButtorworth or said hejrs and, representatives
of Arnold Harris, as sureties on the bond of said
Kendall, to be canceled and satisfied of record; and
any suoh judgment is hereby satisfied and dis-
charged.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to> ask the
Senator to state briefly the grounds On which
these persons are to be discharged. I do faot
wish to discuss the subject, but I simply ask
for information. •> t. • 1 .<• ,
■ Mr. THURMAN. They aek tobe discharged
on this gro*md:tb«yfWrOthe syrettes of one
KencWI; postmaster at New Orleans. Hebe-
came a defaulter. ■ The Government made up
the aecount against him, finding hhn to be a
defaulter in the sum of ten-thousand and some
hundreds of dollars. The sureties thereupon
immediately paid the amount without waiting
to be sned upon their bond. The Government
had commenced a prosecution again at Kendall
on the charge of embezzling publie money.
After the payment of this money by the sure-
ties the Government dismissed that prose-
cution, -and the Government suffered' hita to
depart from the country and go tt> Mexico,where
be ever afterward remained. He had at the
time property from which the claim Of the Gov-
ernment would have been in the end realized
if the Government had sold the property; Imt
the Government abandoned any claim against
him, discharged his propertyfrom thelien, and
it was sold to bona fide purchaser* for a val-
uable consideration and passed out of their
hands. Years after that th« Department claimed
that the: account of the balance against him
3fad been improperly made out; that it ought
to have been about five thousand dollars more:
and it is to be relieved against the payment of
that $&,©00-that this bill provides, on the ground
that the Government had made up its account
against him, that that had been liquidated bjr
the sureties and full payment made, and the
Government had suffered the property upon
which tbe Government bad a lien to become
discharged fromthatlien, so that the very secur-
ity whicte would have made these sureties on
the bond perf ectly whole was-lost to thetti.
Thebill has twioepassed the Senate, a 4
been reported favorably in the other House
once, and I believe twice, unanimously. Every
committee has reported favorably upon it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
report of the Committee on the Revision of
the Rules has not been returned from the
printer. I ask that it }ie over until to-morrow.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask permission to give
notice of an amendment which I shall offer
from the Committee on the Judiciary to the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill when it comes up.
i • i&k* MORRILL, of Vermont. I also desire
to give notice, pji behalf of the Committee on
j Public Buildings, and Grounds, to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that we shall offer
ap amendment of $20,000 to the civil and
miscellaneous appropriation bilL
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that these
notices ought to be in writing, under the rule.
Mr.^ MORRILL, of Vermont. I will put
miue in writing.
v IIOU&B CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 182.
Th£ motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
cohsider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 182)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives of the United
States for the fiacalyearending June 30, 1870.
By the resolution the following sums are ap-
propriated: to defray expenses of folding doc-
uments, includipg materials and labor, $37,500;
for pay of three mail'carriers, at $1,095 each,
$3,285: for pay of laborers, $6,125.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I of course know noth-
ingaboutthe contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives; but it seems to me that it
is a very large sum of. money to appropriate as
£ contingency for, folding documents, §37,500,
jand that,- toe, to muka up adeficiesey for fold-
ing documents. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Maine how inuch was appropri-
ated originally for that purpose. I should like
to know what it costs for the current year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
observe that it is something more than folding;
it is "folding documents, including materials
' laid labor." I will state that the Senate have
j no control,' as it is obvious enough, over the
^ contingent expenses of the House of Repre-
| sentatives, and do not desire to exercise aiiy.
My information is that the foL^iog and mate-
rials for the last Iva y«ws «Pl±re House of
Representatives hatfe ° btoiP'afinually about
;«ighty-five theusMMMeiku*. For the current
year the estiftiattfi -were $62,614, being for
folding and materials $50,000, and for labor
$12,614. Thfcrer'Wiw appropriated $46,500,
which in $16,6141iaS th'an wbkt was estiraated
for. This deficiency is now $46,000. So it will
be seen that the appropriations for the current
year were $16,614 less than was estimated for,
sad the deficiency will make the expenditure
of the year something mora thanthe estimates,
but just about in harmony with the expendi-
tures for the last five years. I will say to the
Senator from Illinois, who raises some inquiry
abontit, that for this yAar theesti mates for the
same service ace $112,614, largely in excess,
as will be seen* of those of last year. But the
appropriations aetnally -made by the House in
a bill which is now before the Committee on
Appropriations- are $32,000 for the same ser-
vice, and I understand made upon the supposi-
tion that a great reform is contemplated by
the abolition of the franking privilege, so that
-they will his abler to get along with a much less
eoaa. Theaa are all the facts we have.
