1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4609
The Clerk read as follows:
For forts in Portland harbor, Maine  $75,000
Port Independence, Boston  53 000
Fort Warren, Boston  loo'ooo
Fort Winthrop, Boston  69,000
Fort Hamilton, New York  46000
Fort Schuyler, New York. 80000
Fort on "Willets' point  90',000
Fort Columbus, New York  52000
Fort Wood, New York  1(5*000
Battery Hudson  MO'OOO
Fort Mifflin, Philadelphia  26]7o0
Fort Delaware, Delaware river  18,500
Battery at Finn's point  33 500
Fort at Fort point, San Francisco  100,000
Fort at Lime point. San Francisco  100,000
Fort at Aleatraz Island. San Francisco  50,000
Preservation and repairs  150,000
Sea-coast mortar batter: es  75^000
Surveys for military defenses  100,000
Total..
-SI,261,750
Mr. LAWRENCE. The appropriations con-
templated by this bill, Mr. Chairman, are do-
signed for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications described in it
and enumerated in the statement just read.
They are all for fortifications of brick and
stone.
Mr. DICKEY. Not one of them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What are they?
_ Mr. DICKEY. The appropriations are de-
signedly earth-works to be mounted with heavy
guns.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, Mr. Chairman,
I think it is not the understanding of the offi-
cers having charge of the expenditure of this
money that it is to be appropriated for the
erection of earth-work fortifications. But if
so, that fact only famishes additional consid-
erations against the bill. There is no necessity
for erecting earth-work forts now. They will
go to decay before they will be needed. When
they shall be needed they can be constructed
in a day or a week, just wherever they may be
required.
Mr. DICKEY. Was the gentleman present
in the committee when the engineers were
before us in reference to this particular bill?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have attended as
many meetings of the Committee on Appro-
priations as any other member.
Mr. DICKEY. That is not an answer to my
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I believe that every
appropriation in this bill, unless it be for the
repair and preservation of existing works, is
utterly unnecessary—an absolute waste of the
public money, for which the country ought to
call this Congress to an account, and will call
it to an account if the bill should be passed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope my time may
be extended.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the gentleman
be allowed five minutes more.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, this bill
provides for the "construction, preservation,
and repair of certain fortifications and other
works of defense," and among these are the
existing stone and brick forts, and new ones
of the same materials. I submit to the com-
mittee and the country that the time for forts
of masonry has long since passed. Expe-
rience has proved that they are worthless for all
purposes of coast defense. That fact was
abundantly proved at Sebastopol during the
Crimean war. One regiment of soldiers in a
single night can throw up earth-works which
will have tenfold greater power to resist the
attack of an enemy than any fori, save_ only
Fortress Monroe, now owned by the United
States, or any fort that will be erected from
any appropriation made by this bill. The first
objection, therefore, which I make to this bill
is that its proposed appropriations for the con-
struction of new forts are utterly useless—an
absolute waste of money, whether the forts be
of stone, brick, or earth.
Now, sir, it may be said that these appro-
priations are necessary to coast defense. I say
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 289.
to the committee that if this be the object,
$25,000,000 will not accomplish it. Why, sir,
where are the forts to be erected under the
provisions of this bill ? Money is appropriated
for a fort in Boston harbor, represented in
part by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] Money ia to be appropriated in
San Francisco harbor, represented in part by
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
my colleague on the committee. An appro-
priation is made for Port Mifflin, some ten
miles below Philadelphia, on the Pennsylvania
side of the river, in a State represented in part
by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dicker,]
also a member of the committee.
Mr. DICKEY. I live at a safe distance
from any point liable to naval attack.
Mr. LAWRENCE. According to my in-
formation, an armed vessel of an enemy could
not reach within twenty miles of Fort Mifflin;
hence J say it is an utter waste of public money
to appropriate it for any such purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman state
what would prevent an armed vessel from
reaching Fort Mifflin?
Mr. LAWRENCB. It is sufficient that such
is the fact; I have not heard it contradicted.
I have not time to go into a statement of all
the reasons. The depth of water is not suffi-
cient to admit the approach of a hostile vessel
of sufficient size to be dangerous.
Mr. KELLEY. It is not the fact that the
largest class of armed vessels cannot reach
Fort Mifflin.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My information was
otherwise; but I concede that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has the means of knowing
the facts, and I take it for granted he is right.
But even then the appropriation for the con-
struction of a fort is utterly unnecessary. If it
is to be of stone and brick it will be of no value
for defense. Military experience and science
have proved that. If it is to be an earth-work
fort we can afford to wait until such a work
shall be needed for defense, or at least until
danger is threatened.
I object to this bill again because it is inef-
fectual to secure our coast defenses. The
appropriations proposed are not for the places
where they are most needed. In the present
state of our national finances itis not expedient
to establish perfect coast defenses.
Mr. Chairman, three out of the six forts in
Maine get nothing at all. From Portland to
Boston all is left unprotected. The whole New
J ersey coastis left unprotected. From Fortress
Monroe, in Virginia, to St. Philip, in Louisiana,
nothing at all is appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. State to the House what the
chief of engineers says.
Mr. LAWRENCE. No ; his speech is too
long and my time is too short. 1 propose to
state what I think myself, from the best sources
of information I couid consult. From Chesa-
peake bay to the Rio Grande, Mr. Chairman,
all is left open ; not a dollar is appropriated.
Along the entire line of our northern frontier,
along the great lakes and the St. Lawrence,
not one dollar is appropriated. Yet every man
knows, if we are to have a war with Great
Britain, we are liable to be attacked on the St.
Lawrence and the great lakes much more than
on the sea-coast. Is the great West, the center
and heart of the nation, to be left unprotected
while we squander a million and more on the
Atlantic and one point on the Pacific ?
Mr. BUTLlilt, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question V
Mr. LAWRENCE. If I had time I would,
but in my limited time itis impossible. We
do not need any stone or brick forts upon our
northern frontier. Our soldiers can erect
earth-works when danger is threatened, and
when the enemy conies we will "greet them
with bloody hands to hospitable graves and
all the people will say, amen—so mote it be.
There is not the least necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill, and I hope it will be defeated.
The best defense the nation can have will
always be found in a just cause and the patri-
otism of the people.
"Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just."
With justice on our side the footstep of the
invader will never reach our shore. In any
event no hostile foot from a foreign land wili
ever press our soil. Millions of freemen will
ever be ready and able to defend it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, there was no
necessity for the gentleman from Ohio to assert
his bravery. We all know it.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. Is there any question
before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. There is a motion pend-
ing, to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. DICKEY. If the gentleman from Ohio,
had attended the meetings of the Committee
on Appropriations in reference to this bill he
might have spoken more knowingly than lie
does.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does the gentleman say
that I was not there?
Mr. DICKEY. I do most decidedly. The
engineer departmentof this Government—and
the Committee on Appropriations have been
to some extent led by them—have deemed it
important to put in a defensible condition the
forts guarding our large cities; not for the Jer-
sey coast along Barnegat, but for the protec-
tion of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
the great commercial centers of the Atlantic
coast. The Committee on Appropriationspro-
pose to bring up the fortifications guarding our
great cities to the improvements of modern
warfare. They propose to convert stone-works
into earth-works, and they propose to mount
on them guns of the heaviest caliber. They
are now defended by fifty, sixty, or eighty
pounders, and it is proposed to mount on them
guns of the heaviest caliber, three, four, five,
or six hundred pounders. It is not to be done
in a day. Proper defense cannot be impro-
vised in an hour. We propose, for the defense
of Portland, Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
and the great towns on the Atlantic sea-board,
and for San Francisco on the Pacific coast, to
appropriate only what we are told is absolutely
indispensable to secure the safety and protec-
tion of those great commercial ports.
I, like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] "live at a safe distance from these sea-
ports ; and, like that gentleman, I propose to
wait there until the British come. The great
city of New York being taken and destroyed,
and its shipping burned, would be a national
calamity. It is not a question of the State of
New Yrork or of the city of New York, but it
is a question which affects the whole Union;
and the engineers of the Government tell us
that it is necessary for the defense of New
York and the sea-board that guns should be
mounted in these forts to beequalto theimprove-
raents in modern warfare. When such is the
case it is the duty of the American Congress
to vote the necessary appropriations. We do
not appropriate a dollar to build a stone forti-
fication. We merely make the forts indicated
conform to improvements in modern gunnery
and the improvements in modern warfare for
the better defense of our sea-ports.
Sir, the engineer department of the Gov-
ernment says that with the proper armament
mounted in these forts they could blow off the
turrets of any iron-clads assailing them. I do
not know that that is true, but such istheauthor-
ity of General Humphreys.
I am not, like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] learned in military matters. But
I believe this to be necessary for the protection
of those great commercial centers. The gen-
tleman says that clear from New York to Bos-
ton we do not propose to erect forts, that clear
from New York to Philadelphia we do notpro-
pose to erect forts. But nobody is likely to
invade this country at those points.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BEAMAN. I withdraw my motion, to
