1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
No man could object to that. You required
further that the debt incurred for the purpose
of pensioning the soldiers who had conquered
them should be made sacred. Perhaps that
was very reasonable and might have been car-
ried. You went a step further, and you re-
quired that any debt which they had incurred
in what many of them believed from the bot-
tom of their hearts honestly to be a holy cause
sb ould never be recognized by the United States.
That was reasonable and to be expected. You
went further. You said it never should be
recognized by their own States, that they should
never be allowed to recognize it or pay it
themselves, nor any debt incurred in connec-
tion with the struggle which, in the minds of
a large class of white people there, was abso-
lutely sacred. It was not very easy to carry
this through.
And ho w did you propose to have these things
done? By the consent of the Republicans in
those States. I said that without the colored
vote that never could have been done on the
face of this earth, nor with the colored vote
could it ever have been done, if there had
not been found patriotic white men enough to
join with and to lead and direct the colored
voters, to disregard everything that might
appear unjust in the discriminations of your
amendment; to disregard everything that might
appear to be a want of recognition of then-
services. It was necessary that those men
should be found in order that your policy
should succeed, and they were found. The
colored men went into this movement and
supported you from gratitude to the Govern-
ment that had given them their liberty. That
was one of their motives. They supported the
policy because they believed that it was neces-
sary to secure their new rights.
White men supported it, many' of them,
because they believed that universal equality
before the law, as well as politically, was in itself
an inherent right, and upon the high ground
of the justice of the proposition. Others of
tlie whites supported it from a sense of hu-
manity. They Believed that without the ballot
secured to the colored man he would be a more
pitiable slave after his liberty than he was be-
fore. They believed that the only effect of
emancipation would be to take frorn the poor
negro the protecting hand of an interested
master and make him the slave of every vag-
abond and assassin that chose to invade his
rights, if you did not give him the ballot; and
upon a sense of humanity, hundreds of the
white men there supported your policy, turn-
ing their backs upon every other consideration.
Others supported it upon your assurance that
it was neccssary to establish the greatprinciples
which, the war was supposed to have settled,
and to protect the life ot the nation against
future danger. They desired no more seces-
sion, no more rebellion, no more effort to break
down this nation; and the wisdom of Congress
had said that the'se measures were nccessary in
order to attain that end.
Upon the high sentiment of nationality and
general patriotism we found men supporting
these measures. And, sir, I confess that some
supported them under a sting, a recollection
of the wroqgs which the confederate govern-
ment and its officers had inflicted upon them-
selves and their friends, and from a desire
that any security, no matter what, should be
given to them against a repetition of such
scenes. They understood that it was appa-
rently giving much more strength to this Gov-
ernment than it had ever had before. They
were willing to do it. The Union men of 1864
mid 18(55 in those States believed that the
great defect in the Government was that it
either did not have or was not recognised to
have the power of self-protection. Xhey de-
sired a Government hereafter strong enough
not only to protect itself but to protect them
and their'children alter them.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 111.
But, sir, all the white men in those States
who advocated this policy were influenced to
a greater or less degree by the situation ; and
what was that situation ? To the crime of
treason or to the folly of treason, -whichever
you please, the instigators and leaders ,of the
rebellion had added the additional crime or
the additional folly of continuing the struggle
beyond all hope of success; of sacrificing thou-
sands of precious lives on both sides from no
motive higher than that of obstinacy. Instead
of making terms when they had arms in their
hands, and the power to have some word as to
what those terms should be, they continued
the struggle until they reduced those States to
absolute and unconditional subjugation. That
was the condition in which the people were
found under the lead of those who were con-
ducting the policy of the rebellion—absolute
subjugation, entirely at the mercy of the con-
queror, protected by no law save the common
sentiment of mercy entertained by mankind.
The Congress of the United States, under
those circumstances, offered terms. Every-
body who acted under the dictates of justicc
or common sense—many did not—felt that the
terms which wore offered were more mild and
humane, taken altogether, whatever might
have been some objections in detail,' than,
under (he circumstances, could have been rea-
sonably expected. Men doubt to-day whether
pr not more rigid terms and more rigid Meas-
ures on the-part ot'the Government at that
time would not have conduced to its security
and peace. But, sir, those people were in no
condition to dictate terms to the conqueror;
nor were they in any condition to resist any
terms that might he imposed. They had no
right, under the circumstanccs, to have any
say whatever in the terms ; nor had they any
power to resist anything that mighty be put
upon them ; ai>d here came a proposition that
upon certain terms those States might bo ad-
mitted back into the Union, as it was under-
stood, upon an equal footing with all the other
States; that is, that they should be restored
to the high position of States in the Union
under the shield of the Constitution which they
had discarded; not only to all the rights, im-
munities, privileges, and benefits that should
arise from such a connection with thp other
States, but they were to be restored to the
position of co-governors ofthe country.
I was mentioning this partictilar thing to
show what actuated a large nurflberof men to
aid in your vecer.struction measures in those
States, and to show further that notwithstand-
ing the strength of the case which 1 have made
out in favor of your reconstruction policy, there
was still found a large majority of the white
men who set their faces against it with a hatred
and an intensity that can be appreciated by
nobody except by one who^ Jias had actual
experience of it. And, sir, if there has been
any improvement in the public sentiment in
that regard from the day when your reconstruc-
tion policy was first disclosed until now, i have
scarcely been able to perceive it.
Mr. President, I have already spoken longer
than 1 intended to speak when 1 rose; but 1
cannot sit down without expressing my opinion
to some extent on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Dkake.] This
white majority is still determined that your
reconstruction policy, notwithstanding your
constitutional amendments, notwithstanding
the provisions in the State constitutions, not-
withstanding everything that has been done
under your reconstruction proceedings, shall
not in effect be the law of those States'. _ They
are taking the only possible course that is now
left to them of resistance ; and that is to bring
to bear upon the voter upon whose ballot the
whole structure rests, the colored voter and
the white voter who has not high personal
courage, a system of terror and intimidation
to produce such a state of terrorism as to com
pel the people to put the enemies of this recon-
struction policy in poweriri th&se States. They
hope that when that is done, and tho Repub-
lican party there isdefeated, it will be remanded
back to f,he position of a seotional party, hold-
ing-strength only in the northern States; and
when they have accomplished that they sap-
pose theif friends havei enough strength in the
No'rth to join -frith them and form a national
party that will stno,ther out not only the Repub-
lican party but your whole reconstruction pro-
gramme. That'is -the idea; thatis what they
are driving at. The whole thing dpppnds upon
the colored vofe, and they know it; and that
colored vote depends upon having ready to aid
it always, and to organize and direct it, white
men of intelligence and standing.
Mr. President, I wouldnot consent to the
passage of any law that did not have an equal
bearing and equal force in every State of this
Union alike. One of the reasons, one of the
strongest arguments that wa3 urged in favor
of reconstruction under the congressional
programme was that were the States to be
restored to their equal constitutional rights in
the Union. Let any law that is passed be gen-
eral, not special. My objection to the Bing-
ham amendment mainly is that it proposes to
construe the constitution of a State, which
cbnstruction is to be executed after the State;
Shall have been fully admitted to equality in-
the Union; that it makes Congress'sit as a
high couit'of judicature to construe and decide
What tho'raeaning of-the constitution of a State
is, and to have its judgment entered on the
record and enforced after the State shall have
been admitted. My objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] was that it looked much in the same
direction.
The amendment proposed by tho Senator
fro.m Missouri [Mr. Drake] is, in myjadgment,
germane to this G-eorgia question. It is, in my
judgment gertnane to the pending amendment,
because it offers one remedy. I think there are
two ; perhaps the second is of more importance
than this; But this is most necessary as auxil-
iary tq the second. I say it is germane to tho
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
PostEEoy,] because it is que remedy for the
ov'ils' which atb likely to' grow out of the pres-
ent condition of society, public sentiment, feel-
ing, arid .practices in the State of Georgia and
when we have seen how that remedy operates,
when that remedy has improved the condition
of things, it, will be better then, when we have
seen that light, t > admit Georgia^ to a full
equality in this Union, not only in ri^ht but m
powers of government, and much safer than it
is now.
Mr. President, what is the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri? It is au addition
to tho existing laws of this country in but two
particulars. I understood the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, the chairman ot the
Judiciary Committee, [ Mr. Trumbull,] to say
that he thought existing laws were sufficient,
that the evil might be remedied under the laws
as they are. I think not. The addition which
the Senator from Missouri'proposes to make to
existing laws on this subject is to allow tne
President in insurrectionary localities to sus-
pend the habeas corpus and declare martial
law. Another feature is that he allow^ the
levying of contributions upon the citizens of
that locality to pay the expenses Of' the oper-
ation. I have already said that when the State
sent the militia there they would but be a posse
of the sheriff, and I say now, under existing
laws, if you send the forces of the United
States there, when they arrive in the county
they are but a posse of the sherifi. _ If they
arrest a man, what will they do with him?
They must turn him over to the civil authority.
But, sir, the people of those communities
have learned by experience to respect the
strong arm of the Government of the United
