1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
But, sir, the Senator from Oregon says that
if this fundamental condition were adopted it
is no law. Sir, if it is acceded to by Virginia
it is a law between her and the United States;
and if she undertakes to act in contravention
of it she is doing an unlawful act. Mr. Presi
dent, I deem it of the utmost importance that
in some way or other we should tie the hands
of the Legislature of that State in reference to
these constitutional amendments. Therefore
it is that I offer this amendment; and upon it
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 44 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Drake. Howe,
Morton, Osborn, I'omeroy, Rice, Sumner, Thayer,
and Yates—11.
SAYS—Messrs.Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell,
Cole, Conkling, Oorhctt, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds,
I'enton, 1'erry, Fowler, Hamilton, llarlan, Harris,
Howard, McCrecry, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, l\rye, Patterson, Pratt, Kobertson, lioss,
iSaulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—44.
ABSENT — Messrs. Chandler, Gilbert, Ilamlin,
Kellogg, Momll of Vermont, Pool, Hamscy, Spcn-
ecr, Sprague, and Tipton—10,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I now propose, if it be in
order, to offer an amendment in the form of a
preamble to the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana, in pursuance of previous notice, now
offers a preamble to the joint resolution. It
is in order if there are no amendments to the
body of Che resolution to be offered.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the preamble proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and the question on it will
be reserved until amendments to the body of
the joint resolution are disposed of.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed preamble,
as follows:
Whereas the people of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which is
republican; and whereas the Legislature of Virginia
elected under said constitution and in pursuance of
the reconstruction acts of Congress have ratified tho
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments of the Consti-
tution of the United States; and whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith was acon-
dition-precedent to the representation of the State
in Congress; Therefore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves an amendment to the joint res-
olution, which has priority of the motion to
insert a preamble. What is the motion of the
Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. DRAKE. T will send it to the Clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Dbake, as follows:
Add as a proviso ;
Provided further. That tho State of Virginia is ad-
mitted to representation in Congress as one of tho
States of tho Union upon the following fundamental
condition; that the constitution of Virginia shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States oi'the
right to vote who are entitled to vote by the eonsti-
tion herein recognized, except as a punishment for
such crimes as arc now felonies at common law, whore-
of they shall have been duly convicted under laws
equally applicable to all tho inhabitants of said
State : Provided, That any alteration of said consti-
tution prospective in its effect may be made in regard
to tho time and place of residence of voters.
Mr. DRAKE. That is exactly the funda-
mental condition that was imposed upon the
admission of Arkansas into Congress, and I
think that ought to be imposed upon Virginia
as well as upon Arkansas; and therefore I
move it.
Mr. WILSON. It was the condition im-
Eosed upon North Carolina, South Carolina,
ouisiaua, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
also.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Did those acts all say
"felonies at common law?" That would in-
clude stealing a shilling, among other things ;
so that a man could be disqualified for steal-
ing a shilling.
41st Cosa. 2d Sess.—No. 30.
Mr. CAMERON. A man who would steal
a shilling would steal a pound.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri one amendment
to his proposition. It does seem to me that
there will be some misunderstanding about this
matter if it is put in.the bill in this shape at
the present time and under present circum-
stances. I shall vote for it, however; but I
think that we ought to put in the words "or
hold office," because otherwise I think the in-
ference will be drawn from it that they may
not change their constitution as to the right to
vote, but may change it as to the right to hold
office.
Mr. DRAKE. I accept the modification, so
as to read "vote or hold office."
Mr. CONKLING. How is it now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment, as modified.
Mr. STEWART. With a view of getting a
vote between this and five o'clock, I move that
the recess be extended until five o'clock to see
if we can reach a vote in the mean time.
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to tKat proposition?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; no objection.
Mr. THAYER and others. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment; as mod-
ified, reads:
Provided further. That Virginia is admitted to rep-
resentation in tho Congress of the United States as
one of the States of the Union upon the following
fundamental condition: that the constitution of Vir-
ginia shall never be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizens or class of citizens of tho United
States of the right to vote or hold office who are enti-
tled to vote or hold office by the constitution herein
recognized, except as a punishmect for such crimes
as are felonies at common law, whereof they shall
have been duly convicted under laws equally appli-
cable to all the inhabitants of said State: Provided,
That any alteration of said constitution prospective
in its effects may be made in regard to the time and
place of residence of voters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri as modified.
Mr. SA.ULSBQRY. I wishtoinquirewhether
that is not the same amendment which was pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri before and
which has been heretofore rejected?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is changed in
some respects.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time for a
recess having arrived, the Senate now takes a
recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
STATE 03? VIRGINIA.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes its session.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) declaring
Virginia entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] upon which
he demands the yeas and nays. The Secre-
tary will again report it.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the resolution the
following additional proviso:
Provided, further, That the State of Virginia is
admitted to representation in Congress as one of the
States of theXJnion upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of Virginia shall
never be so amend9d or changed as to deprive any
citizen or clats of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote or hold office who are entitled to vote
or hold office by the constitution herein recognized,
except as a punishment for such crimes as are now
felonies at common law, whereof they shall have
been duly convicted under laws which are equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said constitution pros-
pective in its effects may be made in regard to the
time and place of residence of voters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rcceive a message from tho House of Repre-
sentatives.
. A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R, Hp.
78o) to admit the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
in which the concurrence pf the Senate was
requested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is not full;
but I will ask to have the bill that has just come
from the House submitted, that we may see
what it is. I understand that it relate? to Vir-
ginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT, There is, not a
quorum present, but there probably will be in
a few minutes; and if there be no objection
the business before the Senate will be inter-
mitted, and the Chair will lay before the Sen-
ate a bill from the House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 783) to admit the State
of Virginia to representation in the Congress
of the United States was read the first time by
its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have it read at
length, so that we may see what it is.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows;
Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and have In all re-
spects conformed to the requirements of the act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing the submis-
51°n of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi,
and I ex as to a vote of the people, and authorizing
the election of State officers provided by the said
constitutions and members of Congress." approved
AprillO, 1869: Therefore,
^ Be it enacted, &e., That the said State of Virginia
15 entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is not very
full; but if it was I would move that we lay
aside the Senate bill and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill that comes from the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I shall object to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has had
one reading, and if objected to it cannot be
read the second time to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can offer it as an
amendment or substitute to the Senate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true; but I did
not suppose there would be anybody in the
Senate who had any desire to delay Virginia
any further than to have the opportunity to
present his views upon tho subject. I did not
suppose there was any member of the Senate
who desired to interpose a single objection for
the_ purpose of keeping Virginia out of the
Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither did I suppose so;
and so my friend from Illinois and I agree in
that respect entirely. There is not anybody
who interposes a single objection for the pur-
pose of keeping Virginia out of the Union, nor
for the purpose of imputing to a brother Sen-
ator unworthy motives of any kind. We all
agree about that. But I think, inasmuch as
the Senate is thin, as my friend from Illinois
says, that a decent respect for what is called
fair play up North—I do not know what it is
called out West—would require us to preserve
the status quo just as we left it until the Sen-
ate shall be reasonably full. Then it will be
a question for consideration whether we will
put on this bill as an amendment to the Sen-
ate bill, or, by general consent of the Senate,
take up this bill and act upon it; but I re-
spectfully, with deference to my friend from
Illinois, object to the Senate, half full, and
with nobody here hardly but the gentlemen
who have been voting against all amendments,
having anything done by unanimous consent
of that description. I* trust my friend from
Illinois will be satisfied with that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Vermont had listened to what I said perhaps
he would not have been so captious or felt that
he was reflected upon. I prefaced what I had
to say by remarking that if the Senate were
full I should move to lay aside the Senate bill
and take up the bill from the House, and the
Senator from Vermont, as he had a right to
