1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5553
statement of mine as evidence. As the confidential
agent ot' the Government X have had to refuse to
indorse this claim, much to the displeasure of Mrs.
Kobinson. I feel that it is not gallant now to inter-
fere, but I cannot stand by and seo an unmitigated
fraud perpetrated on the Government. Let Congress
pay this or any other like claim, and it will be over-
run by southern loyalists, frvery rebel, with rare
exceptions, will prove up most exaggerated claims,
and too often, 1 am sorry to say, by citizens claiming
to bo loyal, and who, unfortunately, have influence
at Washington. I beg to repeat that the Senate ought
not to pass this claim without a rigid scrutiny."
Under these circumstances what I ask is
that this bill shall be recommitted for further
inquiry. When the committee made their re-
port there was a prima facie case in its favor ;
but when an eminent citizen of Kentucky in
the public service, and formerly in distin-
guished service, as he says in this letter, now
a confidential agent of the Government, bears
his testimony against the claim, it seems to me
we are at least, as he suggests himself, put
upon inquiry. I therefore move that this bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts 
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts who the writer of that letter is ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is an eminent citizen of
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. His name?
Mr. PRATT. I demand the name of that
writer.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not yield to any
demand, I bee; the Senator to take notice.
Mr. PRATT. I submit that it is due to the
Senate that the name of that writer should be
given, and due to the committee who made this
report.
Mr. SUMNER. I will cheerfully hand the
letter to the committee. That is what I desire
to do.
Mr. PRATT. I am authorized to say that
the letter proceeds from an enemy of the
family.
Mr. McCREERY. It occurs to me as a
very remarkable circumstance that after two
committees have investigated this matter, and
the House of Representatives has passed the
bill, a gentleman should come in upon the
strength of an anonymous communication and
ask that the bill be laid over. I hope that the
Senate will proceed and pass it. The House
has acted upon it already ; our Committee on
CliKms have investigated it ; they pursued the
very course suggested by that anonymous com-
munication. I hope the Senate will proceed
at once to act upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this claim will be
recommitted to the committee. The state-
ment contained in the letter which the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has read is
certainly sufficient in my judgment to put the
Senate upon further inquiry respecting the
validity of the claim. We all know very well
that it is not impossible to mislead a commit-
tee of the Senate or House of Representatives
in respect to private claims. It is a thing done
too frequently for the good of the country and
the reputation of claimants. It is within my
recollection, and the recollection of us all,
that the Senate spent some fortnight or three
weeks in disposing of the claim of Sue Murphey,
which at first blush appeared to be a very merit-
orious claim, and found a great many friends
in the Senate ; but just at the close of the dis-
cussion proof happened to come into the pos-
session of the Senate to th'jw that that lady
v/as a decided disloyalist, and in no way enti-
tled to the relief which she asked for.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan allow me to read ail extract from a letter
of Major General George H. Thomas in rela-
tion to this claim? General Thomas, in a cer-
tificate made by him on the 5th day of October,
18G7, refers to the vouchers he caused the
quartermaster to make for the rent of the^
farm during the period he was in command of
the camp, (1 ought to say that this is the
famous camp called Camp Dick Robinson in
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 348.
the central part of Kentucky,) and concludes
as follows:
" I also further certify that the said Richard M.
Robinson was always considered by his neighbors as
a consistent Union man, and from my intercourse
with him while in command of the united States
troops encamped on his farm, and since, I have
always regarded him as a consistent Union man."
There is similar testimony from General Boyle
and other distinguished citizens of Kentucky,
all vouching for the loyalty of Mr. Robinson,
The committee say:
"This claim of Colonel Robinson, supported by
proofs, of which but a brief abstract is given by the
committee, was referred by GeneralThomasSwords,
Assistant Quartermaster General, to Brevet Major E.
B. Whitman, assistant quartermaster, for investiga-
tion and report, on September 31), 18G7.
"On the 9th of December, 1867, that officer made an
elaborate report to Major General Swords, of which
only an abstract can bo given without consuming
too much space."
I will not read that 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will pardon
me; I have but a very few words farther to say,
and of course he will have his day in court as
well as the rest of us on this claim. The letter
read by the Senator from Massachusetts con-
tained a clause to this effect, if I recollect
rightly: that the claimant had himself already
received from the Government, by way of com-
pensation, what was equivalent to the fee-sim-
ple value of the land in question. If he has
been paid, if the Government has compensated
him for the use of his land, then it is clear
that he is entitled to no further compensation,
and that, I imagine, will be the very point into
which the Committee on Claims ought to in-
quire. If the honorable Senator from Indiana
has anything in his report on that subject I
should like to hear it.
Mr. PRATT. I have. I will state that this
camping ground was occupied by the troops
of the United States for three years and ten
months. At the time they took possession of
it in 1861 it was one of the finest farms in cen-
tral Kentucky. The evidence of the witnesses
goes to prove that it v/as worth about eighty
dollars an acre. In relation to the condition
of that farm at the time the Union troops took
possession of it I beg to read a short extract
from the report that I had the honor to submit
to this body:
"The farm consisted of four hundred and twenty
acres of choice land, in an excellent state of cultiva-
tion and in perfect repair. The buildings consisted
of a largo hotel, a large store-house, a blacksmith
shop, one large barn, a mule-shed, and various out-
buildings. The fences were in good condition. The
pride andglory of the place consisted in its beautiful
groves of forestand ornamental trees and itssplendid
blue-grass pasturugo. It is described by some of the
witnesses as sufficient to have pastured one thousand
mules during four months of tho year."
That was the condition of the farm at the
time the Union troops took possession of it.
For four months during the first occupancy of
that place Colonel Robinson was paid. It was
occupied first by General Nelson and second
by Major General George H. Thomas, and
during.the period that they occupied the farm
they paid or caused to be paid to Colonel Rob-
inson for four months the sum of §2,500 as the
just rent of the premises, and that is the only
sum Colonel Robinson ever received, except
under the report which I referred to a short
time since, he received the sum of $7,420.
That report made by Major Whitman allowed
him, in addition to the rent of the place, the
sum of $1,696 80 for post-and-rail fence de-
stroyed, and the sum of $2,500 for timber cut
and consumed. The timber on this place was
entirely destroyed, as it appeared to the com-
mittee, and Major Whitman found tha.t the just
value of the posts and rails destroyed, and of
the timber destroyed, was the sums I have just
named. General Rucker disapproved of these
two items; he was willinscthat the $7,420 should
be paid, but he was not willing that compen-
sation should be made for the destruction ot
the fences and the destruction of the timber,
and those items being disallowed, Mr. Robinson
appealed to Congress for relief; and these are
the two items for which we have reported in
this bill.
I can assure the Senate that this case was
very carefully considered by the committee,
and we came to the conclusion that this was a
very meritorious claim.
Mr. HOWE. The essential facts in this case
I do not very well remember. I remember,
however, to have had some doubt myself in
regard to the proofs and to have differed some-
what as to the weight which should be given to
the evidence from my colleagues on the com-
mittee, so that I do not rise now to take any
special part in the discussion upon the merits
of this bill. I wish to call attention, however,
to the manner iu which these claims are con-
sidered, andlwishtocontrastitwith theeourse
of the Senate upon other matters; and I have
an instance right before my mind.
Last night an appropriation bill was pending;
the Senator from Massachusetts, chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, rose and
moved an amendment appropriating some fifty-
odd thousand dollars to a Peruvian, the amount,
it was said by the Senator, found due him under
a mixed commission. What the claim was
he did not state ; the Senate did not think to
inquire; but they voted the money, fifty-odd
thousand dollars. I thought it was a peculiar
matter, and although I knew nothing about it
at the time I took a little pains afterward to
look it up ; and now, because it illustrates the
difference between the action of the Senate at
one time and at another, I wish to state what
that claim was and what the Senate did about
it, and then to call attention to what the Sen-
ate is doing in reference to the present claim.
That claim, on behalf of a man by the name
of Montano, was this: in 1851 he claims to have
swned a schooner by the name of Eliza ; ho
was running into the bay of San Francisco ; he
took a pilot on board. By the carelessness of
the pilot his vessel was sunk. He sued the
Pilots' Association of San Francisco and re-
covered a judgment of twenty-four thousand
and some hundred dollars. The Government
had no more to do with the pilot than it had to
do with the man in the moon. It was no more
responsible for his conduct than anybody else.
He got a judgment against the Pilots' Asso-
ciation, but could not collect, his judgment.
He made then a claim upon the Government.
Some years ago a convention was entered into
with Peru, and a mixed commission was estab-
lished to pass upon all claims of American
citizens against Peru, and of Peruvian citizens
against the United States. That Peruvian, Mon-
tano, went before that mixed commission, and
he claimed that the United States Government
was liable to him for the value of that vessel;
and the commission sat upon it, and they de-
termined that we should pay the amount of that
judgment against the Pilots' Association of
San Francisco, $24,000, and we should pay six
per cent, interest from the time the award was
made. We paid it—forty-two thousand and
odd dollars. That commission, knowing that
Peru had a mixed currency, and America had
a mixed currency, iu every claim they allowed
against cither Government prescribed in what
sort of money it should bo paid, whether paper
money or hard money, or what; they allowed
just two claims against the United States : one
was this of Montano, which they declared
should be paid in the current money of the Uni-
ted States ; and another claim was allowed to
somebody else, and they declared that it should
be paid in silver money of the United States.
We paid out in current money, as I say, forty-
two thousandand odd dollars. In 188S another
convention was entered into 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator : they awarded eight claims to citizens pf
the tJnited States. They were made payable,
four in tho current money of Peru, one in the
current money of the country, one in current
money, and two in pesos fueries, or hard money.
Mr. HOWE. 1 say they allowed two claims
