2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April If),
States, and they have learned to know that
martial law declared is something that cannot
bs resisted and something that cannot bo suc-
cessfully and safely evaded; for it is evasion,
not resistance, that is the foundation of the
hopes of the men who are creating these dis-
turbances. The efficacy of the proposed law
consists in the feature that the writ of habeas
corpus may be suspended, and that when the
military authorities make arrests they shall not
be compelled to turn the offender over to the
civil authorities, to be tried by a jury of his own
confederates. I would not allow the President
to suspend the writ of habeas corpxis in a whole
State. I would confine it, as the Senator from
Missouri does, to the insurrectionary locality.
I have shown you, sir, that the situation
requires, that the necessities of the occasion
indicate, that there should be some remedy in
this matter. I know that, first, if the amend-
ment should pass it is to be executed in my
section. But it is a general law, and if men in
Massachusetts or Ohio, or anywhere else, shall
attempt in the manner that is attempted in the
southern States to set at defiance the rights
and privileges and safety of citizens, let the
law be executed there, and let it be upon the
statute-book to deter them from any such com-
binations. Whenever the United States shows
to the weak and defenseless that though the
States are admitted into the Union upon terms
of perfect equality, still the Federal arm and
the Federal power can reach them, notwith-
standing such restoration, they will have had
the scales which have been a long time before
their eyes torn away; they will recognize that
there is still a power higher than the mere re-
sult of a county election, a power to protect the
inalienable and fundamental rights of Amer-
ican citizenship, as well in the bounds .of a
State, with all its sovereignty or its want of
sovereignty, as it could do in a foreign land.
Why, sir, suppose the rights of American citi-
zens upon British soil were systematically out-
raged as they are upon North Carolina's soil
and Georgia's soil, and no civil officer was
raising a finger to protect American citizenship
what would the Government of the United
States do? Would it be permitted? And is
it that we would go to war with the strongest
nation of the earth to protect our citizenship
abroad, but when the wanderer returns to his
home and gets within the bounds of a State
there is no power to protect his rights?
Mr. President, there is not only a power in
the Government to apply this remedy, but the
Government is bound to do it by the express
command of the Constitution itself. In the
first article of the Constitution, section eight,
it is provided that Congress shall have power
" to provide for calling; forth the militia to
execute the laws of theUnion, suppress insur-
rections, and repel invasions." It does not
say that "Congress shall " do it, but "Con-
gress shall have power" to do it. I do not
know that any law of the Union has been vio-
lated in the State of North Carolina by these
Kuklux. They mean to render invalid and
inefficient in its operation the provisions of the
fifteenth amendment; but it is done in an indi-
rect way. Theydonotsay " You shall notcome
to the ballot-box and vote." They do not stand
around the ballot-box and say, " Because you
are black you shall not vote here." If so, possi-
bly they might be violating the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution, but I doubt whether
they would. I have not the fifteenth amend-
ment before me, but I think it provides that no
State shall debar a man from the right to vote
because of his race, color, or previous condi-
tion. Standing at the ballot-box and keeping
colored men away by force would hardly be a
violation of the laws of the Union. They have
not done that; that is not the purpose; the
purpose is terrorism and intimidation and thus
to prevent the exercise of the right to vote.
Under the provision of the Constitution to
which I have just referred was passed the act
of 1795, authorizing the calling forth of the
militia, and also the act of 1807, allowing the
use of the Army and Navy of the United
States where the militia was called forth; and
that is all of the existing law. Now, I desire
to call attention to the expression of this
clause : "Congress shall have power to pro-
vide for calling forth the militia." It is a
matter of discretion, therefore; and why? It
is no duty to one of the States that the militia
shall be called out "to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, &c." I do not
know that this contemplated any duty which
the United States owed to a State to suppress
insurrection against the State authority. I
rather believe it meant insurrection against the
authority of the United States. "And repel
invasions"—an invasion of the United States,
not because it was the invasion of a State, if
such a thing could be without its being at the
same time an invasion of the United States.
This is a duty which the Government owes to
itself, a power which Congress may exercise or
not as it pleases. It was not meant to protect
the right of the citizen in the States.
It may be said that you can pass a law to
enforce the fifteenth amendment and make it
a law of the United States, and have any viola-
tion of it indictable before the courts of the
United States, where men may be tried by an
iron-clad jury, as the expression is. That may
be one of the remedies which may be adopted
in this case. It is indispensable, but it still
has the defect that other propositions have;
it can be evaded and will be evaded under the
carefully prepared and constructed organiza-
tion which is denominated on this floor the
Kuklux.
Mr. TRUMBULL, If the Senator from
North Carolina will give way, as it is now five
o'clock, I will move a recess until half past
seven. If he consents to that, I will move that
recess with the understanding upon my part,
if the Senate will stand by me, that we shall
sit the bill out and finish it to-night.
Several Senators. "No!"* "No!"
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will not give way for any such
motion.
Mr. POOL. It would be very much against
my wish to give way. I prefer finishing the
few remarks I have to make before the Senate
adjourns or takes a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator declines
to give way I cannot submit the motion. If
he gives way I y/ill try the question.
Mr. POOL. If the Senate is impatient, and
does not wish to hear me, I will give way to any
wish of the Senate. ["Goon!" "Goon!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make the motion
that t! e Senate now take a recess until half
past seven o'clock ; and if we comc hero to-
night I hope we shall finish the bill.
Mr.POOL. Ishouldpreferverymuchtogoon.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from North
Carolina will allow me a moment I should like
to make a personal explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) Did the Senator from North
Carolina yield to the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that he did,
to allow me to make the motion.
Mr. POOL. No, sir; I prefer to go on.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
North Carolina give way to allow me to make
an explanation somewhat personal?
Mr. POOL. I give way with the under-
standing that I shall resume the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Yesterday I was not pres-
ent when a vote was taken, because when I
went away last week in the discharge of a duty
imposed on me by the Senate the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] kindly agreed to pair
with me on this bill. I came back supposing
that he was here; but when I returned he was
not here. He had paired with me then, and 1
am paired with him now. I am afraid this
explanation was not made yesterday, and I
make it iiqw because during my life I have
never shirked any responsibility. I cannot
vote on any question affecting the Bingham
amendment until the Senator from Delaware
returns. I would vote against the Bingham
amendment if at liberty to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina will resume.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, one very good
reason why I should not have acceded to the
wish of the Senator from Illinois to give way
is that I am in the midst of a constitutional
argument. I was stating the first branch of it,
which would be rather valueless unless con-
nected with the second.
Of what efficacy would it be to bring these
men before the United States courts? The
right to vote is a high right; it is a most im-
portant and sacred privilege, Iadmit; but there
are higher rights than the right to vote. The
right to life, the right to security in one's own
house, the right to protection against outrage
and wrong, are all higher rights than the mere
right to vote, and each one of these rights is
now secured by the most stringent and well-
drawn and well-known laws; and yet they are
violated. If you cannot enforee the right of a
colored man to live in one of these States, is it
not idle to undertake to enforce his right to
vote ?
Now, Mr. President, I will call the attention
of the Senate to the fourth article, fourth sec-
tion, of the Constitution, known as the guar-
antee clause. Notwithstanding so much has
been said in regard to this particular clause
as connected with the whole matter of recon-
struction, one important part of it, and which
I consider quite as sacred as the other part,
has been totally and entirely overlooked. In
the first place 1 call the attention of the Senate
to the phraseology. It is not that "the United
States shall have power;" it is no discretion-
ary matter ; but it is that " the United States
shall" do what? "Shall guaranty to every
State in this Onion a republican form of gov-
ernment," and further, " shall protect each of
them," not against insurrection, but " against
invasion." The word "insurrection" is used
in the former clause when discretion is given
to Congress to call out the militia, but the woid
"insurrection" is not used here. First, Con-
gress is to guaranty each State a republican
form of government; second, to protect it
against invasion ; and third, in case the State
Legislature or the Governor call for such in-
terference, " against domestic violence." You
may call out your militia to execute the laws
of the Union or to suppress an insurrection,
but you shall protect every citizen in every
State against domestic violence.
Under the first clause which I read any right
that a citizen has under the laws of the United
States may be protected by calling out the
militia ; but under this clause it matters not
what rights he has—rights secured by State
law, rights referred to in the Declaration of
Independence, life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness—-if the State will not or cannot
protect the citizen against domestic violence,
the Government of the United States not only
has the power, but it is commanded to protect
him there as well as it would protect him in
Russia, or England, or France, or anywhere
else ; protect him in the rights which his local
law has secured to him, the unquestionable
right of every man to enjoy security and exer-
cise those privileges which his Government
confers upon him, without being molested.
1 call attention to another distinction under
that clause in the Constitution. The eighth
section of the first article provides a remedy
against insurrection, and against an infraction
of the laws of the Union. The remedy is,
calling forth the militia; but here it says noth-
ing about militia; it says nothing about any
