3666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
execution or the principal, the nmiu proposi-
tion, and which, according to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. 'fur km ax, 1 in whose judgment I
fully concur, was wholiy unnecessary ; that—
" Congress shall have power to enforo* this artiolo
by appropriate legislation."
I believe that by necessary implication the
primary proposition would have carried this
proposition to the fullest extent to which it is
expressed in this language. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, Story and Kent, and all the commentat-
ors, whether upon the bench of our courts or
in writings or disquisitions upon the Constitu-
tion and upon statesmanship, have assumed
the position that that provision in the Constitu-
tion which says that Congress shall have power
to pass all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers
enumerated, and all other powers vested in
the Government of the United States or any
of its departments or officers, was of itself un-
necessary ; that this power of auxiliary legisla-
tion, to the extent that would be proper and
constitutional to enforce the primary or enum-
erated powers, would have been carried by the
import of the language without any such pro-
vision in the original Constitution; and I have
always been most clearly of that opinion. I
believe that the power conferred by the auxil-
iary clause to the fifteenth amendment is no
enlargement of the power expressed in the
general provisions of the Constitution in rela-
tion to the passage of laws necessary and
proper to carry into effect the enumerated
powers; and I believe that neither of them
would have been necessary or is any more
operative than the necessary implication that
Congress would have all the powers proper,
necessary, and constitutional to carry into
execution the enumerated powers.
Now, I ask does the fifteenth amendment
confer a new power upon the General Govern-
ment? If it does, what is that new power?
Where must we look to find it and to compre-
hend its full scope and effect except to the
amendment itself? That amendment is in
these words:
" The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States,
ur by any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
What is the auxiliary power? It proposes
to confer on Congress the power of executing
the primary power. The primary power is
restricted to and by this language:
"The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by tbe United States,
or by any St ate, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
As the honorable and able Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] argued, with lucid
and conclusive force, and as had been argned
before on this proposition by other Senators
who have engaged in the debate, the only
power conferred by this language on the Gov-
ernment or the Congress of the United States
is restricted to an interdiction of the right to
vote on account of race, color, or previous
condition; and beyond the force and effect of
that language this fifteenth amendment has no
effect, no operation whatever; and no frank,
candid, and sensible man, in my opinion, will
endeavor to give it a broader operation.
The whole purpose of it was that there should
be no discriminating measures, either by the
Congress of the United States or by any of the
States, to the prejudice of the freed men iii
consequence of race, color, or previous condi-
tion. It was not intended by the men who
adopted this fifteenth amendment, or by the
men who proposed it, or by any man who sup-
ported it or voted for it, that it should operate
upon any other subject-matter than the right
to vote, and the restriction of that right on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
The honorable Senator from Californiaurged
another view with conclusive force. It had
occarred to my mind before, but he presented
it with a perspicacity and force that I had not
apprehended until I had the pleasure of hearing
his argument. That was this: that the lan-
guage of this amendment does not apply to
citizens, whether of the United States or of
the States. It applies simply to the United
Statesand to the States, and necessarily applies
to them in their corporate capacity. The lan-
guage is:
" The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or any State, on account of raco, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
That candid and fair Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] admitted that fbr this amendment
to have operation upon individuals at all, those
individuals must be acting under the authority
or the color of the authority, either of the
United States or of a State. How does the
United States act? How does a State act?
Not by its isolated and straggling citizens.
How does it aot except officially, except polit-
ically? How does it act except through its
Government by some of its organized Depart-
ments and officers ? It cannot act in any other
form ; and when its action is attempted to be
restrained by law or by constitution, that re-
straint is to take place through the medium of
its Government or the Departments and officers
of the Government of the State or of the United
States. There can be no other form of restraint
upon it.
The other honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] presented that idea in various as-
pects, with unanswerable force. The States
are inhibited by the Constitution from acting
in relation to various subjects. He put the
examples a3 they are enumerated in the Con-
stitution :
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
coin money," <fco.
Is that directed to the restraint of the indi-
vidual citizens of the States or of the States
themselves? We understand the operation and
the effect of such language as that. It restrains
the State as a political organization. It
restrains the State, acting by its government.
It can operate in no other way and through no
other medium upon a State. To contend that
any of these clauses would authorize the Con-
gress of the United States of itself to enact
penal laws against any individual citizens of a
State for the violation of any of the powers
that are inhibited in these clauses of the Con-
stitution would be simply absurb. It would be
ridiculous for any lawyer or any man of good
sound sense to assume any such wild position
as that.
.In another clause the Constitution says :
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
1 in the Union a republican farm of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive
when the Legislature cannot be convened, against
domestic violence."
Where is that power vested ? To whom is
tbe language of the Constitution in that pro-
vision directed? Has it any relevancy what-
ever or any bearing upon individual citizens
of the United States? It is addressed to the
Government of the United States, to the polit-
ical corporation of the United States, as organ-
ized by the Constitution; and that political
organization is to act and is required to act
and cannot be couceived sensibly to act in any
other manner or by any other medium than by
its organized Government and its officers. There
cannot be any doubt, I think, in giving this
meaning to the fifteenth amendment.
If this Congress performs the farce of pass-
ing a law on this subject, or the reality of
enacting a law on this subject, it ought to en-
act a constitutional law. If it does not, when
this law comes before the courts for their judg-
, ment, if in coutravention of the Constitution
I it will fall, and be decided to be a nullity. I
want the ground which Congress occupies
i under the fifteenth amendment to be care-
ii fully and deliberately explored and consid-
ered, and I want it to be occupied by consti-
tutional and valid legislation, and not by a
i folly, without a shadow or a pretext of power
i that could stand the scrutiny of a court a
; single hour. But another objection occurred
to me which my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia did not allude to, and I will advert to it
in a few words. This measure proposes to take
up the State laws, so far as they regulate the
subject of elections; to establish crimes and
to pass penalties, both by imprisonment and
by fine, for the execution of the criminal laws
of the States in regulation of their own elec-
tions. What sort of legislation is that? Has
! not this principle been announced a thousaud
times in every court, that the courts of no
country whatever would enforce the penal laws
of another country?
Now, suppose the Senator from Nevada
should become a district attorney of the Uni-
I ted States, or Attorney General after this law
I passes, and he wants to execute it; how would
; he frame and prefer his indictment? He would
1 have to prefer it in the form of alleging what
I the State law that was violated by the officer
of election was and the enactment by Congress
of this measure, and to allege that by reason
of the non-execution of the State law by the
State officer the defaulting State officer had
become subject to be indicted, tried, and pun-
ished, under the denunciations of a law of
Congress according to the penalties prescribed
by the State law. Could anything be more
ridiculous, anything more absurd?
Take the case of Rhode Island. As I under-
stand, she has a law prohibiting a citizen born
in a foreign country from voting unless.that
citizen has a certain amount and value of real
estate. A foreigner, if you please, applies for
registry and the registrar will not enter his
name on the list upon the ground that he has
not the qualification required by the constitu-
tion of the State. The honorable Attorney
General, if the Senator from Nevada should be
filling that office, is consulted by the district
attorney, and he instructs the district attorney
for the State of Rhode Island that the provision
of the constitution of that State is abrogated
by this law of Congress. He instructs the
i district attorney to draw up an indictment on
the ground that the fifteenth amendment en-
; titles everybody to vote, and this indictment
! might be preferred against the officers of the
] election for denying a free colored man as
well as a foreigner the right to register.
He then instructs the district attorney to
draw his indictment in the form of alleging that
the fifteenth amendment entitled a negro to
vote and a foreigner to vote ; that it was the
duty of the registrar to receive his name and
enter it upon his register ; that in consequence
of his failure to do so he had violated the
fifteenth amendment and this provision of the
Constitution, and thereby had subjected himself
to the punishment denounced by the law of
Rhode Island against an improper refusal to
register a voter's name when he applied to have
it registered. Upon the trial of that indict-
ment it is answered that the law of Rhode
Island contains no such provision or penalty ;
there is no law of the State of Rhode Island
that defines that to be a crime, or that author-
izes a punishment to be inflicted for the omis-
sion of the registrar to enter the name. Would
the honorable Senator from Nevada maintain
his indictment and procure the judgment of
an enlightened court upon that allegation and
that proof? Why sir,a universal principle of
law is that the courts of Rhode Island, or of any
other country whatever, will not enforce the
, penal laws of the United States or of any nation
; or State; and therefore this indictment would
] be null and void, would have to be dismissed
by the judgment of the court, would end the
case.
I have brought forward this instance to show
the difficulty that would be encountered at every
step in theexecution of this measure if it should
