5554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
My 14,
pgainst the United States; otic was in favor
of Montano, and one was ia favor of another
man; they said that Montano's claim should
be paid in the current money of the United
States; they said that the other claim should
be paid in silver money of the United States.
We paid Montano in current money of the
United States. In 1868 we agreed to another
convention and created another mixed com-
mission, but we declared in that convention
that no claim arising before November, 1863,
should be presented to that commission.
This same Stephen Montano went before that
seeond commission. His claim, which was to
be paid in current money of the United States,
was paid on the 11th of July, 1864, I think,
when greenbacks, the current money of the
United States, stood to gold as 100 to 284 in the
market. He demanded of that commission
that they should allow him the difference be-
tween gold and paper at 284, and that com-
mission awarded him that sum of fifty-odd
thousand dollars, and last night the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions moved the appropriation. You voted
it without asking a question, and I did; and
that money, if that amendment is agreed to by
the House of Representatives, is going to a
Peruvian.
Mr. COLE. In addition to the §42,000 ?
Mr. HOWE. In addition to the $42,000.
This morning a Senator on this floor, a mem-
ber of another committee, the Committee on
Claims, a despised committee, I know, rises
and asks you to vote §5,000 to compensate a
citizen of your own for property which was
not destroyed by a pilot in the Bay of San
Francisco, but was destroyed by your troops,
and the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
while that matter is pending, rises here and.
reads a letter from somebody, he does not tell
us who, which says something, you do not
know what; and thereupon you are inarms;
you want it laid on the table ; you want it re-
committed to the Committee on Claims; you
want everything done with it but agree to it.
Now, Mr. President, is that treating your own
citizens as fairly and as candidly as you treat a
foreigner?
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin give way to me for a second? I
want to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which that two hundred and eighty-four per
cent, premium was paid. I move that the bill
be sent for and brought back, and the vote
reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee of con-
ference will settle that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want a vote on recon-
sidering.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall have something to
say about that. I will explain that.
Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest doubt
but that the Senator from Massachusetts can
explain it, but he cannot disprove this state-
ment.
Mr. SUMNEIi. I can give other state-
ments.
Mr. HOWE. There is no doubt about that.
I never knew the time when the Senator from
Massachusetts could not add to any statement
that was made ; but the facts that I have stated
remain good.
I insist that our own citizens are entitled to
jast as respectful consideration at the hands
of the Senate as a foreign citizen ; and I insist
that a recommendation from the Committee on
Claims, whether I do or do not agree to it,
s hould have as much weight in the Senate—
not as much as a recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—but as much as
the recommendation of an anonymous letter-
writer, who writes under the seal of confidence
and dares not to be known to assert what he
does say.
Mr. COLE. The statement of the Senator,
the chairman q| the Committee on Claims, in
regard to the matter that was passed through
the Senate last night, shows to my mind very
conclusively that that was wrong; but I am as
clearly of the opinion that the proposition now
before the Senate to pay this claim for the use
of land by our Army in Kentucky is equally
wrong. In our language two negatives make
an affirmative, but two wrongs do not make
a right. Two bad bills will not be equivalent
to one good one, as suggested by the Senator
on my left, [Mr. Sherman.] The question is
now in the proposition before the Senate,
whether the Government shall pay for the use
of lands which were occupied by our Army
during the war for the purpose of camping upou.
In this instance it is true the ground was occu-
pied for a long space of time. There are many
other localities where other men's farms were
occupied a shorter space of time ; perhaps only
a month; perhaps but a week; perhaps over
night, and if this claim is paid I should like
the Senator from Indiana to show me why the
man whose farm was used but for a single night
is" not entitled to compensation for such use of
his farm by our Army ?
AVhy, sir, if we enter upon these claims, and
pay for what are treated as trespasses by our
Army, we shall never get through paying de-
mands arising out of the war. To my mind it
is preposterous to pay them. The demands are
not in accordance with any of the rules of war.
I will state further that if these people owning
lands upon which our Army was encamped are
entitled to compensation for such use for them,
why cannot the person across whose farm or
lands the Army marched come forward and
claim compensation for such use of his lands,
for the damage, it may be the tearing away of
his fences, in order that the Army might move?
This claim arises in Kentucky ; but our Army,
to say nothing about the rebel army, used lands
in Pennsylvania; they used lands in Ohio, and
they used lands in Indiana ; Morgan's raid ex-
tended through that State, and there are a
whole host of claims received from citizens of
this State that are just as good, in my judgment,
as these claims arising in Kentucky.
To be sure it may be that the land was not
so long occupied; perhaps it was occupied but
an hour; but the damage was as effectual and
as distinct, and the claim would be equally
good; and where are we to stop ? Why, sir,
during war there is a good deal of damage
that cannot be compensated. You can never
compensate the man who lost his arm or his
leg. You can never compensate the family,
one member of which was taken away by a rebel
bullet. There was a great deal of damage that
occurred during the war that we must not think
of compensating and cannot compensate.
I am against this claim. 1 ha.ve stated that
probably we ought to go so far as to provide
remuneration for stores that were taken for
the use of the quartermaster and commissary
departments, which saved us so much money
that those stores would otherwise have cost,
us. To that extent we have gone ; but if we
are to undertake to remunerate every man who
has suffered a little damage from trespass by a
soldier, or a troop of soldiers, or an army,
where will this business end?
The statement that has been presented here is
that the owner of this farm has been paid large
rent by the officers of our Army. Some one
states that it was equivalent to about the value
of his property. I think that was wrong in all
probability. In my judgment it was wrong to
have made that compensation. Notbeing con-
tent with such payment the party comes for-
ward now for a new installment, and I pre-
sume he can find a pretext at some subsequent
time, at some other session of Congress, for
some further claim that the Senator from Indi-
ana may have overlooked.
Mr. S CMNER, The Senator from Wisconsin
has introduced a new issue. Instead of dis-
cussing the case before t'ne Senate he has dis-
cussed another case which is not now before
the Senate, though in order to obtain jurisdic-
tion he has undertaken to use it by way of
illustration. He says that he will show how
different claims are treated in this body; for
instance, a claim reported by the Committee
on Claims and a claim reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and he then
refers to an appropriation made last evening
in pursuance of treaty stipulations on the
recommendation of the President of the Uni-
ted States in favor of Esteban G. Montano, a
Peruvian. He proceeds to set forth the char-
acter of that claim. Now, sir, I haveto say
that that is not in the case. The claim was
originally referred to a joint commission, and
by that commission adjudicated. That tribu-
nal was of our creation and acceptance. That
tribunal, after a full hearing, decided in favor
of Montano, as long ago as 1863. In the pay-
ment of that award there was a difference
between the claimant and the United States
on the question of the coin in which it should
be paid. The United States, in point of fact,
paid it in the currency of the country at a time
when it was at its lowest ebb, gold being 285.
The claimant insisted that by the award he
was entitled to payment in coin and not in a
depreciated currency. Our Government re-
sisted. His case came before Congress. The
Senate affirmed his claim, saying by its vote
that he was entitled to payment, not in depre-
ciated currency, but in coin.
Mr. HOWE. The commission decided that
he should be paid in current money.
Mr. SUMNER. The commission decided
that he should be paid "en monada corriente
de los Estados Unidosand the question was
as to the meaning of that term, and in regard
to that philologists and Spanish scholars have
differed.
Mr. HOWE. We are in the C.ongress of
the United States. I want to submit once
more to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the commission decided that Montano should
be paid in current money of the United States,
and they decided that the other claimant should
be paid in silver money of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did he receive the money?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. On consideration here it
was decided that he was entitled to be paid,
not in our depreciated currency, but in coin.
That bill failed in the House. In the mean
time Montano was in attendance here onetor
two years. Then another commission was
created which sat at Lima in 1868, in order to
hear and determine the claims of Peruvians
and of citizens of the United States. That
commission, unexpectedly to myself, while
deciding in favor of eight claimants of the
United States to the amount of §209,971,
awarded also to Esteban Montano, 57,040
gold dollars, as I understand, being a supple-
mentally claim arising since 1863 in the na-
ture of damages for the nou-payment of the
full amount awarded to him by the previous
convention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of twelve o'clock having arrived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with that. I want a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska [Sir. Tifios] is entitled
to the floor on that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the morning busi-
ness may now be completed. There are various
reports to be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Nebraska to yield that I may make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-';
ator from Ohio suggests that the morning'
business be proceeded with. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be done informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
