1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if there is any reason why the expense of this
folding of docaments and for materials should
be larger now than it has been in former years ?
Last year was not a presidential-election year,
when a great many speeches are sent off. I
cannot conceive why there should be a deficiency
of $37,000 now, requiring a larger appropri-
ation tor folding of docaments this current year
than the year previous.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is the
long session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not fortu-
nate in making myself understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morninghour
lias expired, and the funding bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "We can dispose
of this in a few minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let the regular
order go over informally for a few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intended to
say that the appropriations for last year were
by about forty-five thousand dollars less than
had been the actual expenditures for this ser-
vice for the last five years. _ The last fiveyears
they have averaged about eighty-five thousand
dollars. Now, for this setvice there was appro-
priated $45,510, and they ask now an appro-
priation of about forty-two thousand dollars,
as the Senator will perceive, as'.a deficiency,
and this deficiency, together with what was
appropriated, will make this current year's ex-
penditure justabout the average of the last five
years. That was what I meant to say.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish Specie payments, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Davis, which was that the Dill be recommitted
to the Committee on Finance, With instructions
to report a substitute embodying in proper form
the following provisions: •
Fitet. To reduce the amount of each outstanding
bond of t he United States by the difference between
the nominal value thereof and its gold value, or the
gold value of the bond of which it is the immediate
or remote substitute at the time of the gale thereof
"by the Government.
Second. By the amount of nsury paid by the Uni-
ted States on said bond, or any bond or bonds of
which it is the immediate or the remote substitute.
Third. To rednce the interest upon all outstanding
bonds to five per cent, per annum.
Fourth. To tax all dividends arising on United
States bonds as so much income.
fifth. To reduce the appropriation* for the Army
to the reasonable cost of twenty thousand men, rank
and file.
Sixth. To reduce the aggregate appropriation for
Hie Navy to $12,000,000.
■ Seventh • To reducethe aggregate appropriation for
the eivil and diplomatic service of th« Government
ten per cent.
Eighth. To reduce tfaeacgregate amount of internal
taxes and duties ob imntrte each thirty-three and
one. third per .cent. ,, - . ,
. The motion was not agreedip.,
The VICE PRESIDENT- The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr^GoBBBTT,] to strikeout thefifth
section. • •
Mr.; SHERMAN. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate taken recess
until half,past seven o'clock,
' Mr. SUMNER.. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. • .
Mr. SHERMAN. And I give notice now,
before 1 take my seat, that after a consultation
with many Senators I propose to sit the bill
out to-higi t if I can get a majority to stand by
me. I understand from all the- information I
can get that general debate is closed, and that
this bill is now standing in the <way:of many
other public measures. I hope, therefore* the
majority will stand by it.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to tbe Senator
whether it id expedient to Vote-on propositions
of suoh great importance and magnitude in the
evening. The evening may properly be set
apart for speaking if Senators desire to speak.
I make this suggestion entirely in the interest
of the bill. The Senator knows very well that
the other evening we did not have a quorum
till the last moment; and is it expedient for us
to come here to-night to be put in such a situ-
ation?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we shall never
act upon the bill until we make up our minds
to dispose of it. I see 110 reason why we can-
not get a vote by four o'clock to-day if Senators
will only consider how valuable each moment
of time is. I make this motion to expedite pub-
lic business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest, that if
the bill is so near a termination as seems to
be supposed, it would be better to fix an hour
to-morrow when a vote shall be taken, and
then we shall have a full Senate. It is quite
impossible that we should have a full Senate
in the evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have
to that is that on a bill of this kind, where each
amendment may present an important question,
it is not right to cutoff or fix the actual termin-
ation of debate, so that a brief explanation of
an amendment or ail answer to the amendment
may not be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. That ought not to be cut
off. The Senate has always been very liberal
and fair in the construction of arrangements
i of this kind. If an amendment embodying
li an important change is moved; by general con-
jl Bent always a brief explanation, both on the
j' part of the mover and on the part of the Sen-
ator who has oharge of the bill, is allowed.
That has been always understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, when
the currency bill was pending, when four o' clock
arrived, and I rose to reply to an unexpected
amendment, such was the general impatience
of the Senate, it being my own inclination
always to conform to the wishes of the Senate,
that i did not make a reply, it being contended
that I had no right to do so..
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate agreed to
vote it down instead of hearing an argument
for voting it down. It answered the same pur-
pose. I would make another suggestion, that
the recess should be a littles later, say from five
o'clock to seven and a half o'clock. I think
that would accommodate Senators better.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection to
any hour that may be agreeable to the Senate.
I think a recess from four and a half to seven
and a half will accommodate most Senators.
Mr, ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a word in
regard to the suggestion made by the Senator
from Rhode Island. I think we could get a
vote in that way. I have always understood—
aad if it Is not so understood generally, we
ought certainly so to understand it—that on an
important bill like this, when amendments are
proposed, the person proposing them may
Btate what they are, not making a speech about
them; and then the ehairman of the committee
having the matter in charge will be permitted
to explain or state the objections. In that way
we should take up very little time about any
amendment; nobody would undertake to make
a speech; and it never takes longer than a few
minutes to state tbe purport of an amendment.
I am informed by the Senator from Maine
[Mr.. Hamlin} that that- was always the old
j practice. I presume tbe Senator from Ohio
would: not take probably twenty minutes in
stating the objections to all the amendments
that might be offered; and if no argument is
to be gone into in reference to them, the Sen-
ate; relying on the statement made on each
aide* after this long discussion, all could, it
seems to me, agree upon an hour for coming
to, a decision on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can by half
past four to-day, before the time for the recess,
dispose of thia bill if we adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, to consider the
general debate terminated and proceed to vote
on the amendments offered. 1 think in that
way we can get through by half past four this
afternoon ; but in the mean time, in case we do
not, I make this motion, in pursuance of the
order made last week, that we have a night
session to night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We ought to have that
understanding now if we are going to have it
at all, that at four o'clock this afternoon the
Senate will proceed to vote on this bill and the
amendments. Let us agree that we are to vote
at four o'clock on the bill and amendments,
with the understanding that anybody who offers
an amendment may state what it is, and that
the chairman of the committee, if he desires to
state his objections to it, may do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be glad to assent
to that arrangement if it is agreed to all around.
Mr. SUMNER. Then i ask whether it is
expedient to come in the evening?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not if we pass the bill
before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let the motion for
an evening session remain until then.
Mr. SUMNER. The point I wish to press
on my friend from Ohio is this: whether it is
expedient to have an evening session in order
to go over any considerable uumber of amend-
ments. The Senator is aware that we may not
have a full Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if we do not have
the recess ordered now, about three or four
o'clock, when there is a very thin Senate some-
body will move to go into executive session, or
to adjourn, or something of that kind. I think
we had better now, while we are all here, vote
t on the question of an evening session and de-
i termine it. If we can dispose of the bill before
the hour, very well; and the dislike to come in
the evening may induce Senators to expedite
Mr. R AMSEY. Why delay voting until four
o'clock? . Why not commence earlier?
Mr. SUX1NER. Why not go on voting now?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am ready to go on voting
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Ohio now to suggest
that general debate on the bill be considered
as terminated, and that the Senate proceed to
vote on the amendments, with the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois that the member
offering an amendment may state the meaning
of it briefly, and the chairman or other member
representing the committee answer briefly.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the motion of the
Senator from Ohio in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I think we had bet-
ter vote on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York insists on the question being taken
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
at h alf past four o' clock the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 18.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the* Senate to the understand-
ing I have suggested, that at four o'clock 
Mr. STEWART and others. Say three
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if we get ready at
three o'clock 
Mr. STEWART. Let ua have an under-
standing to vote at three o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say three o'clock- J
ask unanimous consent of the . Senate that at
three o'clock, at any rate, we proceed to vote
on this billaud the. amend meats, allowing the
brief statement# suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that an improvement upon
his suggestion, it seems to ine, is that which
eauw from the Senator from Ohio. Why not
