4610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
enable the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauns-
worth] to renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the motion
to strike oat the enacting clause. It appears
to me that the advocates of the bill in discuss-
ing it do not give us definite reasons for sup-
porting it. They talk about the defense of
the country. That is all well enough, though
I must protest against this everlasting talk about
preparing for war. I do not believe in making
these stupendous preparations for war in time
of peace, and in expending so much for war
when there is no war; for we find, after all
our preparations, that if war comes it comes
from an unexpected quarter where we are not
prepared for it, and our expenditures avail
us nothing. But if it were otherwise, I ask
. what benefit is the Government of the United
States to derive from the expenditure of this
$1,200,000? That is the question. What fort
is to be made impregnable, what harbor is
to be protected which is not protected now ?
What is the condition of these forts, and will
this money which it is proposed to appropriate
by this bill—will it complete them? Will it
change them from stone to earth forts? It
will not so change one of them.
I will tell you what this appropriation will
do. It will do precisely what similar appro-
priations have done year after year. It will
throw $25,000, $50,000, $100,000 into the
harbors where those forts are situated. Some
individuals will derive benefit from the expend-
iture, and next year you will be called upon to
go over the same ground and make the same
appropriation, or one still larger. The money
will be gone from your Treasury, and the Gov-
ernment will derive no sort of benefit from it.
I know that these engineers from year to
year make the same estimate. It is as stereo-
typed as anything can be. There is not a sin-
gle fort in the United States, I reckon, but is
estimated for in this book of estimates. They
ask for something for all of them as naturally
and as regularly as the season for asking ap-
propriations'comes round. These engineers ask
for $35,000 or $50,000 or $100,000 to preserve
and repair such and such fortifications. And
if they can find no other way to expend the
money they will expend it in beautifying and
ornamentation, in putting up a handsome flag-
staff or repainting the old one; in decorating
the grounds; in turfing them handsomely ; in
planting trees and shrubs and flowers. And
all this because in time of peace we should pre-
pare for war! That is the way in which the
money is spent. We find that at the end of
the year the money is gone, our people have
to pay the taxes which supply it, and these
young gentlemen about the forts and their
friends are afforded something to do to occupy
their lazy moments. But the Government, I
repeat, derives no sort of benefit from the
expenditure. I challenge the gentleman from
Massachusetts, thechairmanof the Committee
on Appropriations, to tell the committee where-
in the Government would be benefited by the
appropriation for any of these items comprised
in the bill now before us. Will he tell the com-
mittee what fort they will complete and put in
a state of defense, or what harbor they will
protect ?
Mr. DAWES. Asthegentleman has alluded
to me I desire to say a few words.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said about
all I wish to say, and I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a few words,
and only a few. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farxsworth] is no doubt an expert in
the matter of harbor defenses. I am not, and
do not set myself up as an expert. I live just
as far from the sea-board as it is possible to do
and yet be in the State where I reside.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not profess to
be an expert.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose, therefore,
to speak on this subject from my own experi-
ence. I state to the House that the men ap-
pointed by the Government, educated at the
expense of the Government, for the very pur-
pose of taking in charge the harbor defenses
were before the committee, and went over every
one of these items in detail; and in reference
to them all they gave their opinion that to the
extent proposed in the bill it was necessary to
go on with that work of change and transform-
ation which the times demand, and which
changes in modern warfare have rendered
necessary.
The gentleman inquires—and he repeats the
inquiry as if it were one that could not be an-
swered by any member of the Committee on
Appropriations—what one of these fortifica-
tions will this appropriation complete. I an-
swer, Mr. Chairman, not one of them, but I
say, at the same time, that it will do consid-
erable toward completing and putting in a con-
dition for defense all the fortifications for
which these appropriations are made. It will
show to the world that we are being educated
up to the march of modern science in warfare.
Why, Mr. Chairman, but a short time since
there met in London an association of the
most distinguished military men in England to
discuss the question of the defenses of Amer-
ica, and they stated that if we showed the
strength and skill we did daring our war we
might overrun Canada and the British posses-
sions, but with their ships they could enter
any harbor on our sea-eoast and destroy it;
that we were utterly exposed on our sea-eoast,
and though they might lose Canada we would
acquire it at the sacrifice of the finest sea-port
towns in the world, and would pay dearly for
our prize.
That was the statement in the Journal of
Science within a couple of months. And are
we to take no heed to the lesson that this dis-
cussion holds out to us? Are we to abandon
entirely, within a few months, all efforts to de-
fend our sea-port towns because I cannot tell
my distinguished friend from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] that none of them will be abso-
lutely completed by this appropriation? Is
that a reasonable question to put to the com-
mittee? Is that all the objection he has to
this bill—that the chairman of the committee
cannot put his finger upon any one of these
works that will be absolutely completed by the
appropriation ? The chairman of the commit-
tee assumes no sueh position as that at all.
He tells the distinguished gentleman from Illi-
nois that in the absence of his long experience,
and his skill and attainments in harbor for-
tifications, the Committee on Appropriations
must plod on as well as they may in darkness,
and come out as well as they can and do the
best they can. It is only when they come in
here and have the benefit of what the gentle-
man knows, more than the whole engineer
department, that we can arrive at safe conclu-
sions ; and I hope, with the benefit of what the
gentleman has said, that we may now pass on
this question.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I renew it. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations says that
we must make these appropriations 
Mr. TWICHELL. I rise to a point of order.
I would ask if this debate is in order except by
unanimous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
raised the Chair must sustain it. A motion to
strike out the enacting words is not debatable
in committee.
Mr. TWICHELL. I make the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say, in justice
to myself, that su pposing some debate would
have to be had 1 did not insist on the point
of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not suppose there
will be any discussion at all on the items of
the bill. I think it better that whatever discus-
sion there is shall be on the general principles
of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I had no objection to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us vote; we all un-
derstand the question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Very well; then I insist
on a vote.
The question was put on the motion to strike
out the enacting words of the bill; and there
were—ayes 35, noes 49; no qaorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. BeaMAN and
Mr. Niblack were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 58, noes 60.
So the motion was disagreed to.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of
the bill was then dispensed with.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill by
clauses, for amendment, and read the following:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Mepresenta-
tivesofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That thefol lowing sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repair of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871.
For Fort Preble, Fort Gorges, and Fort Scammel,
in Portland harbor, Maine, §75,000.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out the
paragraph relating to the fortifications in the
harbor of Portland, Maine, for the purpose of
ascertaining from the gentleman who has charge
of this bill [Mr. Niblack] what he expects to
accomplish by an appropriation of $75,000 for
these particular fortifications; and also for
the purpose of ascertaining from him what is
the general policy of this bill in reference to
the other clauses in this bill.
I suppose the $75,000 proposed to be appro-
priated for these particular fortifications in
Maine will be expended, as was indicated by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] in
simply taking care of them and making very
small improvements upon them in the way of
ornamentation. But the main object, as I
understand, in making these appropriations
is to prepare the country for defending itself
in case of war. Now, if these items of appro-
priation in this bill are simply for keeping
these fortifications in repair, as has been inti-
mated here, then let us understand it. It is
proposed by this bill to appropriate $1,200,000.
Last year there was appropriated for this pur-
pose $400,000, I believe.
Mr. BEAMAN. ©nly $200,000.
Mr. WELKER. Only $200,000 the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] says, and
he is a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations. Now, I want to know from the gen-
tleman having charge of this bill why we should
make so much larger appropriations for this
purpose this year than we made last year?
Another thing is apparent from an examina-
tion of this bill. Nearly all the items of appro-
priation in it apply to but five cities of this
Union. It is proposed to appropriate $75,000
for Portland, $222,000 for Boston, $344,000
for New York, $77,750 for Philadelphia, and
$250,000 for San Francisco. As has already
been stated, these appropriations are selected
for a few points, leaving the great extent ot
the coast of the United States open to aggres-
sion of the enemy in time of war.
1 represent a district that borders upon the
Canadian frontier, and for more than a thou-
sand miles on that border not a dollar is appro-
priated by this bill, although we are having
Fenian raids all around us. Now, ifccertainly
seems to me that if so much money is to be
appropriated for the five points I have enum-
erated we certainly should have something to
enable us to protect ourselves in case of a war
that the Fenians may provoke along the Cana-
dian border.
It is said by gentlemen that in time of peace
it is important to prepare for war, and that
this bill is a war measure. I take it we will
have no sudden war with any foreign country ;
if we have war at all it will be as the result of
or as following negotiations. In such a cose
