1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we will have plenty of time to prepare our-
selves by getting up oar fortifications in a much
better manner and much more effective than
the stone and brick fortifications which we now
have on our borders.
It is said that we are in danger of having a
war with England. If such a war should come
upon us, then my constituents and the con-
stituents of other gentlemen along the Can-
adian frontier would first encounter the danger
resulting from such a war; for if Great Britain
should undertake to invade the United States
it would be through Canada. Their troops
would not undertake to land at Boston or New
York; they would not goto San Francisco,
where a quarter of a million of dollars is asked
to keep up the excellent ports there. I claim
that if appropriations are to be made for this
purpose to the extent proposed by this bill
there should be a better distribution of them ;
they should not be concentrated upon the five
places I have named.
However, my principal object in moving to
strike out tlft pending paragraph was to ask
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
who has charge of this bill, what is the general
policy of this bill in relation to these fortifica-
tions?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to state to the House what has been done
on one fortification. I refer to what is known
as theIiip-Raps, at Fortress Monroe, now Fort
Wool. That fortification was begun the year
after I was born ; it has had money appropri-
ated to it from time to time ever since. I grew
up to be a man, got to be a major general, and
as such major general I mounted the first gun
upon that fortification. It was made of stone,
which at last sunk into the sand; more stone
was put upon it, which again sunk into the
sand. Thereupon it had to be again loaded
with stone; and it again sunk. That is now a
stone fort utterly useless against foreign war-
fare.
I do not pretend to any great knowledge in
regard to the matter of harbor fortifications ;
but in a river channel three quarters of a mile
wide, and running four miles an hour, I have
with my own eyes seen a fleet of wooden ves-
sels pass between two forts, witli one hundred
and sixty-eight guns bearing upon them, and
yet escape any substantial injury to any one
of them. Hence it is clear to my mind—and I
believe I speak on this matter the universal
thought of the nation—that it is not possible
to build a fort by which a fleet cannot go,
especially an iron-clad fleet.
The difficulty I find in these appropriations is
that they are not enough for what it is claimed
to be done with them, and they are too much
for what will be done witht.hera. It is said we
are going to mount heavy guns, five or six
hundred pounders or twenty-inch guns. But,
sir, the difficulty is that those heavy guns can-
not be fired more than once in about fifteen
minutes; and in the course ot that Time the
Black Warrior, for instance, steaming twelve
miles an hour, eould go three miles, entirely
out of the range of such guns. Therefore, in
my judgment, the defense of our harbors must
be iron-clads, floating batteries, monitors.
Hence I was sorry to see a diminution of the
appropriation for that purpose in the naval
bill; and I should be very sorry to see any
great expenditure for eariying on stone fortifi-
cations in our harbors. The difficulty is that
we have now a large number of stone forts
which cannot withstand the heavy artillery
of ships; and heavy artillery, if mounted on
those forts, cannot be managed with sufficient
celerity to be useful in the way of defense. In
view of these difficulties I think there is no
great reason why we should expend much
money on these fortifications. ^ fIhe best thing
to be done, in my judgment, is to put earth-
works around them so as to protect them from
the fire of the enemy; and (his, I believe, is
proposed to be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. WELKER. I withdraw theamendment.
Mr. COBURN. Irenewit. TbeHousewill
remember very well the case of Fort Sumter
during the rebellion. That was one of these
brick and stone forts, and it was battered down
by our artillery to a mere heap of ruins, and
yet was stronger in its ruined state than it was
when its walls were perfect, showing that a
mass of irregular material is better olten than
a regular wall. Fort Fisher was a strong fortifi-
cation ; so were Forts McAllister and Wagner,
and they were all sand forts; they resisted our
heaviest artillery, and were strouger than stone.
The truth is, as has been frequently remarked,
that these stone and brick fortifications are
behind the times. What is needed in a time
of war are the arms of stalwart men to throw
up earth-works. We must rely upon our sol-
diers when war breaks out to make such forti-
fications, and if we have the guns to put into
position our " educated engineers" should be
able to do it very soon. Our "educated engi-
neers " have been leading us in a wrong direc-
tion in relation to these forts. If they have
any skill, if their knowledge is worth one cent
in the hour of danger, they can put guns in
position upon earth-works stronger and more
defensible than these stone-works can be made.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has said that these "educated engi-
neers" have dictated that wo shall spend
four or five million dollars upon these fortifi-
cations ; and therefore we must follow their
direction, if not in whole at least in part. If I
understand the gentleman's argument it is that
we must spend four or five million dollars
simply because these "educated engineers"
declare it necessary to cairy on certain stone
and brick fortifications, although he admits
that the improvements in modern warfare have
entirely superseded and rendered useless such
works. Shall we follow the advice of these
"educated engineers" and make an appro-
priation of four or five million dollars, or shall
we follow the committee, or do a more sensi-
ble thing, and appropriate nothing at all? 1 do
not undervalue educated soldiers, I hope, but
the educated soldiers of this country have not
in the tremendous emergencies and respons-
ibilities of actual war always shown that their
advice and calculations are to he relied on.
This engineer corps alluded to did not always
lead the way in danger or through difficulty.
When Banks with his fleet found himself above
the rapids and shoals of Red river, about to be
stranded for six months upon sand-bars, and
when the scientific corps of engineers gave up
his relief in despair, a raftsman from Wiscon-
sin (Colonel Bailey) came to the rescue, and
pouring the failing current in one channel,
floated off in triumph the transports which
carried his army and his stores.
When the Army of the Cumberland, advanc-
ing upon Bragg's rear from Tullahoma, found
the strong and swollen current of Elk riverain
its front, with the smoking rums of burning
bridges, the educated soldiers said it would
take two months or more to span the stream
with a railroad bridge. But a railroad man
from Michigan, (Colonel Innis,) with his gal-
lant regiment of pioneers, laughing at the
proposition to delay, said he could make the
bridge in a month, and completed the task
inside of the appointed time ; and when Sher-
man went from Chattanooga to Atlanta, this
regiment, not the educated soldiers, rebuilt
the bridges and the railroads, almost keeping
pace with the tramp of the armed men. And
when upon this grand campaign an educated
soldier was sought for to lead the pioneer brig-
ade, he was found in the person ot a volunteer
colonel of Indiana, (Colonel Buell.) who^laid
the pontons upon every river from the Ten-
nessee to Savannah and from Savannah to
Richmond. So much for the advice and calcu-
lations of educated engineers.
The committee have cut down the estimates
three quarters, have disregarded the advice
of these educated engineers, have chosen for
themselves certain works to be completed,
and yet expect us in the name of these same
engineers and on their recommendation to
vote these large appropriations. We had better
abandon the whole thing. These stone forts
at Boston, New York, San Francisco, and
other places will be unfit for any purpose if
they happen to be attacked by the heavy guns
of modern warfare. We are adding nothing
to their strength by spending millions of dol-
lars upon them during the present year. Let
these stone forts stand as they are, and unless
war breaks out within the next ten or twenty
years let them go unfinished; and when the
emergency comes let us provide suitable de-
fenses in accordance with the art of war at the
time. It seems to me this is the part of com-
mon sense. We cannot take care of our coast
with any Chinese wall; we cannot take care
of our sea-coast with these stone defenses at a
few points ; we do not take care of our sea-
ports now b.y these stone forts, and never will.
The arms of our brave soldiers are at last what
the country has to rely upon. We had better
abandon this system of stone forts for the de-
fense of our sea-coast, and save our money for
the defenses demanded by the emergencies
arising when war does come.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, being a mem-
ber of the Committee 011 Appropriations, I
happened to vote for this bill, and I am some-
what astonished at the objections made to it,
and especially by the objections which are
made by some of my friends representing west-
ern constituencies. The truth of the matter
is that the engineers asked us to give them
§4,300,400 for this purpose, and we have cut
it down to $1,204,000. I11 order to reach this
result we had to leave out altogether any pro-
vision for some eighteen or twenty fortifica-
tions which the engineer department desire to
improve. We have appropriated for those
merely which protect the great cities and most
exposed sea-ports of the country. All that they
said could possibly be postponed were post
poned. Portland did not need a great deal ;
Boston did ; and so did New York and Phila-
delphia ; and so did the city of San Francisco.
We have reduced the appropriations for the
indispensably necessary works to the lowest
possible points. If I recollect aright, Colonel
Casey came before us and satisfied the commit-
tee that with this appropriation of §1,250,000
they could utilize the present fortifications by
building earth-works to strengthen the present
stone-works in some places, and in other places
by widening embrasures so that large guns may
be mounted, and thus afford adequate defense
to our large sea-ports. We have heavy guns
on hand suitable lor fortifications; and if these
appropriations be made they can be mounted
ill these fortifications and be available for the
purpose for which such guns are used in mod-
ern warfare. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts says that they can only be fired every fif-
teen minutes. I do not know how that may
bo ; but they can certainly be fired as rapidly
•on land as on ship-board.
Gentlemen tell us that we have made no
appropriation for fortifications on the lakes.
And why? We did not suppose thatany iron-
clad Warrior or Monarch could get up over
Niagara falls or through the Welland canal,
and therefore we did not think it necessary to
make any appropriation for the lakes. We did
believe it to be necessary for New York, Bos-
ton, and San Francisco harbors, because iron-
clads could get in there, and such defense as is
here provided is necessary. _
1 am astonished at my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Farxswobth,] who voted the other day
for an increase of some three or four hundred
thousand dollars to the pay of some of the em-
ployes of the Government, should now refuse
to vote for these appropriations which are
necessary for the defense of our sea-ports. We
