1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
272$
meaps, but absolutely and unconditionally that
1he United States shall protect each of the
States against domestic violence. You may
call out the militia, you may call the Army
and the Navy to your aid, you may suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, you may do any-
thing ; for at all events the citizen must be pro-
tected against domestic violence.
Sir, I do not read and comment upon this
clause for the purpose of showing that we have
the power to pass the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, but to show that we are
bound under the solemn obligations of our
oaths to do so if the situation requires it, and
to do anything else that will protect the citi-
zens against domestic violence such as is being
perpetrated. Mr. President, this ICuklux or-
ganization of which you have heard is not
an insurrection. I admit it has been declared
so in one locality by the Governor of my own
State; but it is a misunderstanding of terms.
An insurrection is open and active resistance
to established authority. It is not a rebellion.
That is an effort to break down an existing Gov-
ernment and set up another in its place. They
do not propose to resist established authority.
They are not engaged just at this time, how-
ever much they might like to be, in a rebellion
against the Government of the United States.
They do not propose to resist the constituted
authority of the State. They propose to evade
it. They propose by an organization here and
there, by the number of its members, and by
the oaths and obligations by which they are
bound one to another, to screen each other
and evade the authority of the State; that is,
to perpetrate with impunity domestic violence
within the borders of a State, and to defy that
State to prevent it. Does not that raise a case
when the United States should go there and
intervene with its authority and stop it? That
is the view which I have of the situation; but
I do not think it is necessary to labor upon it
further.
Mr. President, before I sit down, if the Sen-
ate will have a few moments' further patience
with me, I propose to advert to another con-
sideration, and one which I deem of the greatest
importance of all. I know the difficulty of
executing any law in any community where
public sentimeut stands against it with any-
thing like unanimity. I know thatwhere public
sentiment stands firmly and clearly against the
execution of a law, any attempt to execute it
is likely to lead to civil disturbance, and, if it
be wide-spread, to civil war itself. Unless Con-
gress takes some action of the sort I have just
been indicating, I belike one of two things will
happen ; indeed, I know that one of two things
must happen. The colored voters in those
States must give up their right to vote as they
please and sustain those who are violating the
law and who are putting them in terror ; they
must give up the situation and let your recon-
struction go with it, or else they must resist in
such a way as to produce absolute civil war—a
war of races if you please, which perhaps has
more horror in it than any other—in every one
of those States.
Senators may say, "Getup a fight and then
the Government may go in." Sir, a regard
for the peace of this country, a regard for its
order, for its character, a regard for human life,
the highest dictates of humanity, as well as the
express mandates of the Constitution, it seems
to me, makes it obligatory upon the United
States to interfere in time in some efficient way.-
I have no doubt that whenever it is known, and
settled by stringent legislation here, that there
is to be such interference as is indicated by the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri you
will not have to execute that law in half a dozen
cases. Whenever under martial law the per-
petrators of these outrages are in one or two
instances taken up and punished as they de-
serve to be. and as every man ought to hope
to see them punished, it will be understood
quickly from one end of the organization to
the other, and the word will be "disband,"
and you will save an infinite amount of turbu-
lence and trouble.
I appeal to Congress to pass such a measure,
not only in behalf of the law-abiding, law-
loving, and peaceable citizens of those, com-
munities, but in the interests-of the whole
community; in the interests of the very men
who are encouraging or perpetrating these out-
The fact is, that whole country in its material
interests and in all its industries is in a pros-
trate condition. We need enterprise, capital,
immigration; we need peace in every locality,
in every neighborhood, in every household.
We can only retrieve our shattered fortunes
and become of value to this Government by
work under good laws, with security, protec-
tion, peace, that will invite the needed capital,
the needed immigration, the needed enter-
prise, and that will offer to every man an
inducement to repair his fortunes, the highest
possible inducement, and that is security in
the enjoyment of what he may acquire. For
after all it is individual wealth and individual
exertion that make up the wealth and pros-
perity of a nation ; and if you sap the motives
which prompt individuals to quiet labor, dili-
gence, and frugality, you strike a blow at the
prosperity of the nation itself. That is the
condition of those communities now. There-
fore I say this is an appeal in behalf of the
interests of the whole of those communities
and of the men who perpetrate these out-
rages.
But, Mr. President, I said that after all it
was necessary to have some public sentiment
to sustain these measures, and I desire to say
one thing further before I take my seat. What
the southern Republicans have labored mainly
for in all this has been to establish a high senti-
ment of nationality, of love for the Union,
of respect for the Government of the United
States. Unless you can have in those States
a high sentiment of nationality, some love and
respcct for the national Government, I do not
see that there is any safety in anything. There
is danger until the heart-burnings and hatreds
engendered by the rebellion and by some sub-
sequ«nt occurrences have been soothed down
and have given place to higher sentiments of
patriotism and duty. I think that hand in hand
with these stringent measures which the pres-
ent occasion requires ought to go some efforts
to conciliate the bitter feelings of the popula-
tions, to make them feel that their interests as
well as their duties and obligations are wrapped
up in this General Government. In the nature
of things that is necessary. There should be
friendly legislation, kind words.
I am not about to arraign the Congress of
the United States, but I do say that the Re-
publican party of the southern States have
been injured, have lost ground, and are likely
still to lose ground for the want of friendly
legislation and friendly words to a greater
degree than has been extended. Not that
there is any want of friendship, or that I sup-
pose it; not that such legislation will not un-
doubtedly in time be extended, but that it has
been delayed too long. Sir, I am not talking
sectionalism here. I have no sectionalism in
me, and have never had. In the darkest hours
of sectional strife and confusion, when there
was nothing but blood and madness, they failed
to infuse sectionalism into my heart, and I did
not stand alone in that regard.
But, sir, look, and what is it that we see ?
Men sometimes in certain situations are unduly
sensitive, and unfortunately the southern peo-
ple are sensitive to-day. They are sensitive to
any infraction of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that bears upon their rights. Why,
sir, any loose talk about what their rights are
after they get back into the Union strikes
southern men on a very sensitive point. 'They
have been taught in years gone by a good deal
from the school of State sovereignty and State
rights, and though war has dissipated most of
that, still there is a lingering feeling in that
people upon the idea- of the rights of States.
Not only in the old secession Democratic ele-
ment, but even in the high conservative.Whig
element, the Union element, there is more o?
that sensitiveness on this particular point than
you will find in the northern States. .
The proposition of the Bingham;am.endment,
as it is called, or of the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, would be a dangerous
expedient to connect with this measure. I
merely mention this to show that if you desire
to carry out the reconstruction policy and manu-
facture a sentiment of nationality that will sus-
tain it, exceeding care ought to be observed.
But, sir, I did not mean so much to go off
upon that point. I might mention many mat-
ters of legislative detail. Those people find
themselves not yet in possession of what they
believe to be their share of the circulating
medium of this country. A little legislation
upou that subject, and a few kind words, would
be a tower of strength to those who are sus-
taining the reconstruction policy of Congress
and endeavoring to work up a high sentiment
of nationality in the reconstructed Slates.
Further, sir, the legislation of Congress has
not been entirely friendly upon the subject
of claims. A citizen residing fortunately in
one of the northern States and having a claim
of a certain class, has the Departments open
to him and the Court of Claims open; but
a citizen residing in another section finds the
Departments closed against him and the doors
of the court slammed in his face. That does
not look to those people exactly like equality,
and it is calculated to encourage no high public
sentiment of love such as we desire to see.
I wish not to be misunderstood in making
these remarks. I desire to show that it is
necessary to have not only stringent measures
of law but a policy which ought to be dictated
by common sense and suited to the situation
of affairs. If a claim is brought forward by
spccial bill, such as would be allowed by the
Departments, if the claimant did not reside
in the South, the question of loyalty is first
raised. That being settled by the most in-
dubitable proof, and it being shown that the
claimant was at ail times true to the Union,
uuder every danger and adverse circumstance,
he isyet turned off as a " constructive enemy."
Why, sir, it sounds harsh. It strikes not only
foes, but friends.
Sir, kind words are needed as well as kind
legislation; and if I may be pardoned, in con-
nection with a subject of so much importance,
in referring to a matter of a minor character, I
would say that the patronage of the Govern-
ment might be used in this view. You see the
first and second executive offices of the nation
in the hands of one scction, the heads of all the
Departments, the head of nearly every bureau,
every member of the Supreme Court. It is a
small matter, but it has its effect upon public
sentiment.
Of course it is not supposed that the doors
of honor under this Administration are open
to southern Democrats, or to any of those
persons who are engaged either directly or in-
directly in this ICuklux business; but, sir, is it
wise that they should be closed against friends ?
I do not say that they are; but here in the
hands of the Government is a means of show-
ing that not only in law, but absolutely in fact
and in practice those States are back in this
Union and are treated as equals under this
Government. I am indicating it as one of
the many means by which may be encouraged
a public sentiment favorable to peace and
order, and to the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress.
So much has been said in regard to the Con-
stitution that I am not willing to sit down with
