1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3667
become a law of Congress. I say it is an
anomaly; it is without any authority or sanc-
tion whatever that the courts of one Govern-
ment will enforce the penal and criminal laws
of another Government; and before Congress
could ask its laws to be enforced and executed
by its own courts it would have to make the
law of Rhode Island the law of Congress in
terms and in provision.
I deny that a general reference to the penal
elections laws of the State of Rhode Island,
and of all the States of the Union, in the vague
and general language used in this measure,
.declaring that a non-contormity or non-execu-
tion of those laws by the State officers shall be
a penal offense, punishable by fine or imprison-
ment, as this measure proposes to punish the
State officers for not executing the laws of the
State itself, would ever authorize such penal-
ties to be inflicted by the United States courts.
But, Mr. President, I was not going exclus-
ively into this subject; I will merely advert to
another view of it. I ask the honorable Senator
from Nevada where is his power, where is his
warrant to pass a law of Congress requiring the
officers of a State to execute the penal laws of
that State under the penally of punishment
inllicted by the law of Congress ? If that power
exists, it exists under the fifteenth amendment
and by its language. Does it invest Congress
with any such power ? Far from it. That is what
the honorable Senator from Nevada proposes
that Congress shall do. All that Congress can
do in the way of auxiliary legislation is to pass
a law to execute the fifteenth amendment. A
law that is not in that line, and whose function
and nature and object are not simply to assistin
the execution of the fifteenth amendment, has
no authority in the auxiliary clause that is
attached to that amendment to assist by appro-
priate legislation in its execution.
"The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States,
or by aDy State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
If the State of Kentucky was to pass a gen-
eral property qualification law for voters, ap-
plicable to all whites and to all freedmen, it
would be perfectly competent for that State to
pass such a law, and it would not come under
the inhibition or proscription of this fifteenth
amendment, becanse the interdiction of the
power of the State Legislature to act upon
the subject of suffrage has application only to
disqualifications on account of race, color, or
previous condition. Of coarse any other qual-
ification of suffrage, embracing that of Massa-
chusetts, that a voter shall be able to read
before he is entitled to vote, or that he shall
have paid his taxes, State, national, and muni-
cipal, before he is entitled to vote, and shall
have received a certificate of the payment; or
the qualification of the State of Rhode Island,
that a man who is a foreigner by birth shall
have a certain amount in value of real estate
before he is entitled to vote, would not touch
the prohibition which the fifteenth amendment
puts upon the power of Congress or upon the
power of any State Legislature.
The right of citizens of the United States to
vote is not to be denied by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or
previous -condition of servitude. There is a
subject, there is a condition of a subject which
gives to Congress authority to act upon that
subject. What is that subject, and what is
that condition? The State by its constitution
or by its statutory law must restrict the right
of a freedman to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition. The State does
not come within the operation of this inter-
dict of the fifteenth amendment until it has
thus acted upon one or the other of these
aspects of the right of suffrage. If the State
was to pass a law to the effect that any man
who had been a slave in his lifetime should not
have the right to vote, it would come within
the inhibition of this fifteenth amendment. If
it was to provide that any man should be dis-
qualified of his right to vote, that any man
descended from the African or negro race
should be disqualified to vote, the State then
would act in such manner upon the particular
subject in all three of the aspects that would
bring its action under the condemnation of
this fifteenth amendment, and the effect of
this fifteenth amendment would be to nullify,
to render void the action of the State conven-
tion or Legislature, whether in the form of a
constitutional provision or a statutory law.
The honorable Senator from Nevada espe-
cially has a vague, undefined, and crude idea
of the effect of his law, and also of the effect
of this fifteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion, which would give to his law an operation
and a scope far, far wider than would be sanc-
tioned by the terms of the fifteenth amend-
ment. 1 would like to challenge the honor-
able Senator to analyze the language of the
Constitution in the fifteenth amendment, or
any other amendment that authorizes Congress
to act upon this subject at all, except to ren-
der effectual and operative its prohibition that
the right of suffrage shall not be restricted on
account of race, color, or previous condition.
And yet gentlemen ingeniously avoid the
plainly written scope and effect of the Consti-
tution, and endeavor to give it effect and opera-
tion in carrying into execution all the penal
laws of the State regulating elections, by inde-
pendent punishment in the form of fine and
imprisonment imposed by Congress.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the Senator's con-
struction of the fifteenth amendment with re-
gard to the action of the States ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Legislature of a State was
to act in the form of passing laws, (and the Legis-
lature of a State can act in no other form, ) by
enacting a law that should in any mode impinge
the right of a citizen of the United States to vote
onaccountof race, color, or previous condition,
that would come within the prohibition of the
fifteenth amendment, and under its operation
as the supreme law of the land, and would
become null and void, and it would not require
any legislation whatever to declare it a perfect
nullity.
The position taken by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that Congress
has the power to regulate all elections which
by this very bill it is proposed it shall regulate,
has no foundation in the Constitution. Here
is the provision on that subject:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
This provision is restricted exclusively to the
election of Senators and Representatives to
Congress. It does not reach a solitary State
election. There is nothing in this provision
that authorizes Congress by its legislation to
take possession of the subject of State elections
and to regulate them by such laws as the States
pass by their Legislatures. It has not a vestige
of power to act on State elections. But the
amendments that have been offered in the
other House, and which the honorable Senator
from Ohio has had read from the table, apply
; expressly to presidential elections; that is, to
the election of presidential electors. Congress
has no power to intervene by passing any law
! or adopting any regulation in relation to the
I election of presidential electors. I will read
! the provision of the Constitution on that point,
and it is all that is necessary:
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
i Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors,
1 equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
! sentatives to which the State may be entitled in the
1 Congress."
! Here is the sole provision of the Constitu-
tion on that subject. It regulates it fully and
explicitly, and the whole subject of the elec-
tion of presidential electors is given by special
and most precise and emphatic language, which
I have just read, to the State Legislatures.
Where, then, the power or authority of Con-
gress to pass a law to regulate the election of
the presidential electors of a State? Where
does Congress derive its power to prescribe a
penal code in relation to the election of presi-
dential electors? It has not a vestige of such
a power. The honorable Senators from Cali-
fornia and Ohio who have addressed the Senate
[Mr. Casserly and Mr. Thurman] said truly
that every power that Congress possessed it
derived from the Constitution and by it.
It is one of the monstrous and dangerous
heresies of the day that Congress, under cer-
tain states and conditions of the country, has
powers outside of the Constitution. There is
nothing more unsound, more terribly mis-
chievous. In relation to presidential electors
the whole power is specifically vested by the
Constitution in the Legislatures of the States ;
and yet the proposition which the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposes
to .move as an amendment to this bill offers to
withdraw that power of regulating the election
of presidential electors wholly from the States
and to vest it in Congress, to be exercised by
laws passed by it, the penalties and sanctions
of which are to be imposed by it, and may be
executed exclusively by the Federal authority.
Now, sir, 1 will put an instance, and that
will illustrate my principle more pointedly.
We have next August in Kentucky a general
election, an election of Governor, and of the
; representatives, and one half of the senators
; in the Legislature, and municipal elections
' in all the counties. What does this measure
1 propose to do ? To take up the subject of
the entire elections of all the States, State,
1 local, and municipal, to prescribe by spurious
, amendments to the Constitution the qualifi-
cations of electors for all these State officers,
and then to enact a full and complete code,
with high penal sanctions, to regulate and gov-
ern and control the whole business of every
State election. Where does Congress derive
i any such power? Gentlemen say, "Under
the fifteenth amendment." Sir, there is no
necromancy of language or of sophistry tiiat
can torture the fifteenth amendment into con-
ferring any such power. It is simply mon-
strous and absurd.
Mr. President, I have lived now a good while
in this world. I have had some experience in
courts and out of courts. I have been taught
that one of the most difficult and responsible
duties devolved upon the citizen and 'the law-
giver was to enlarge the penal code of his coun-
! try, to define new and novel and strange crimes ;
! and whenever a lawgiver like the Solon from
Nevada undertakes to do such important work
as that, he must do it with due diligence and
deliberation, or he ought in despair, in mod-
esty at least, to shrink from such a difficult
task. Does this lawgiver in truth believe that
the fifteenth amendment authorizes him to
frame an elaborate law covering the whole
ground of State elections and all the necessary
; regulations and penalties for the disregard or
violation of laws regulating State elections, and
h prescribing severe punishments of imprison-
| ment and heavy fines; and that all this expanse
I of power in the interference with State govern-
I' ment8 and the administration of State govern-
i, ments is vested in him and in the Congress of
| the United States by the effect and language
; of the fifteenth amendment?
Why, sir, if the honorable Senator were to
go into any enlightened court upon charges of
various breaches of this law, either by com-
mission or omission, and was to frame a form
i of indictment that would embrace every con-
| ceivable possible violation of this law accord-
i ing to his own loose judgment of its effect and
! its consequences, he would be laughed to scorn
i out of any intelligent court. Is Congress to
; indulge in the folly and the mockery of such
futile and unauthorized legislation as this ? Is
! that what the great lawgivers of this body and
its able and experienced lawyers are expected
to do?
Mr. President, I have already said more ou
