187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
have theunderstanding now thatgeneral debate
has closed, and let us proceed to consider the
amendments with such practicable suggestions,
not in the form of general debate, as Senators
may wish to indulge in with regard to them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I greatly prefer that if
the debate is over 
iMr. CONKLING. Why not let us do it?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the general debate
is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed there were
persons who wished.to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that general
debate is over. So the Senator from Ohio says
be is informed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr SHERMAN. The Senator before me
[Mr. Fowler] says he desires to speak for a
short time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like,
myself, to submit some remarks that might be
considered in the nature of general debate for
ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say three o'clock; let
as have unanimous consent to an understanding
to take the vote at three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition to take the vote at three
o'clock?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the proposition?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That at three
o'clock general debate shall be regarded as
terminated, and the Senate shall then proceed
to vote on the amendments, persons offering
amendments to make a brief explanation, and
the committee to reply briefly.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, I understand, that
debate for practical purposes on the amend-
ments as they come up is to be in order, but
uot general debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois suggested one speech pro and one con.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not care to consent
to that. I do not think we had better go into
any such arrangement.
Mr. MORTON, I think upon a bill of such
great importance as this, when perhaps the
most important consideration to be given to it
will arise on some of the amendments that are
to be offered, this rule should not be adopted.
I, for my part, do not give my consent to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection U made
to it.
Mr. SCOTT. Having submitted an amend-
ment to this bill, which in connection with
another amendment has been spoken of as
intended to defeat the bill, I desire to say
something on that amendment; and if the
subject of coming to an agreement is still under
consideration I will say that I do not like that
agreement to cut off what I desire to say on
that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected
to by the Senator from Indiana, and therefore
the Senate hare made no agreement. The
pending question is oji the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] to strike
oat the fifth section of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I propose,t<j speak on the
amendment I have suggested.. .
Mr. SUMNER. Ou a measure of this great
importance, this infinite importance, concern-
ingthe whole national debt of our country, and'
afreeting the public credit and the currency, it,
Beems to me that the Senate cannot be too
careful. There maybe important propositions
introduced at a late stage of the discussion
which we ought to consider, on which there
ought tp be no abridgment of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no question be-
fore the Senate as to that. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Sepator from
Pennsylvania was recqgnized by the Chair, and
the pending question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon to strike out the fifth
section of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, it is not my
design to go into any general debate on this
bill. I desire to siyr, however, that as the
chairman of the Fiqance Committee yesterday,
in making the remarks which he felt called
upon to make in vindication of the bill as it
stands, suggested that the amendment which I
had the honor to propose to offer in connec-
tion with another amendment was intended to
defeat the bill, and also intended to cast disre-
spect, or at least to manifest a want of confi-
dence in the Secretary of the Treasury, I deem
it due to myself to say that certainly if such
could be the effect of the amendment such
was not its intention.
With the general purpose of the bill, the
reduction of the rate of interest from six to
five and from five to four per cent., if it be pos-
sible, upon the national debt, I am in hearty
sympathy. There is no Senator on this floor,
I suppose, who does not yield a hearty assent
to the statement made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] a few
days ago; that in all respeots we must proceed
in our legislation here so as to accomplish a
reduction of taxation; and when we come to
look at the national debt every reduction of
the interest that is to be paid upon itis in effect
a reduction, of taxation. I am therefore in
hearty accord with the chairman of the Finance
Committee, and with that committee itself, in
every effort which will prove successful in re-
ducing the interest which the Government will
have to pay; and if we do differ as to the best
means of accomplishing that purpose I trust
we may differ without being charged with an
intention to defeat the object in which we all
agree.
Now, sir, the amendment of which I have
given notice simply proposes to introduce two
features into this bill. One is that the loan
shall be negotiated by the officers of the'Gov-
ernment; and the other is that the state of the
negotiations, the results of the negotiations,
the amount of the debt which is negotiated,
and the rates far which it is issued shall be
open to the public. These are the two prin-
ciples which are incorporated in the amend-
ment I have submitted.
And, sir, is there anything in either of these
that is calculated to defeat the bill itself? Why,
sir, what is the bill? Our debt is already
funded. It is in the hands of our own citizens
and of corporations in. our ofn land, and
$1,000,000,000 of it is said to be held in for-
eign lands. What is the proposal? It is sim-
ply to the persons holding these bondsr to
exchange the bonds which they now have for
those bearing a lower rate of interest, or to the
monetary world to come forward and bid for
the loan at a lower rate of interest. : If those
holding the bonds consent to come forward
and take either our five per cento or our four
and a half or our four per cents, the negotia-
tion is accomplished. If they decline, and the
monetary world see proper to come forward
and bid for our loan, then we are in a posi-
tion in which we can stop the interest upon
the larger bonds by giving notice that the
money is in the Treasury to pay the bonds that
are due, and that interest on them will cease;
so that one result which the chairman seemed
to apprehend, that we should still be under the
necessity of paying the high rates of interest
for the bonds in the inaccessible portions of
Europe, would be avoided..
. But, sir, to come down to the, propositions
which are made: are other agents than those
in the Treasury of the United States necessary
for the negotiation of this loan, and if they
are necessary, then is the rate which is pro-
posed to be paid for paying the expenses of
that negotiation in this bill too high? The
honorable chairman of the committee has
stated that we - propose to negotiate this loan
under circumstances which make it much more
difficult to negotiate than the loans which were
formerly negotiated. I cannot see that that is
really so. .
What were the circumstances under wuich
our previous loan was negotiated? At the
very time when a letter (to which I shall refer)
of the Secretary of the Treasury to one of t lie
agents for negotiating that loan was written,
in January, 1865, gold was selling in New
York, on the very day on which that letter was
written, at the rate of from 213 to 220; and
the letter itself contained in it the evidence
that there were demands upon the Treasury
vrhich must be met, and be met by a certain
time.
The Government was then just in this posi-
tion : there were debts that had to be met;
we had not the money in the Treasury to meet
them ; promises of the Government to pay were
in the hands of the people not bearing interest;
and under the circumstances the Secretary of
the Treasury proposed to employ an agent to
negotiate that loan within the given time for a
certain arupunt of commissions to be paid for
the negotiation j. and the proposal was by the
Government to exchange with the people its
promises to jpay without interest for its prom-
ises to pay with interest at the rate of six per
cent, in gold or seven three tenths in cur-
rency.
Was it so difficult a problem then, with all
the channels of business and trade literally
choked up with the circulation of the country
not bearing interest, to negotiate a loan by sim-
ply proposing to the people to exchange the
promises of the Government not bearing inter-
est for those that were bearing interest?
That was the state of the case thee. Is that
the state of the case now? Have we a Treas-
ury now that must have a certaiu amount of
money by a certain time to meet demands that
are being made upon it, and which if not met
will dishonor the Government? No, sir; that
is not the case. Neither is it the case that the
promises of the Government to pay are not
worth fifty cents on the dollar. The promises
of the Government to pay were yesterday, if
our information be correct, worth in the money
market within ten cents on the dollar of the
standard of value that is recognized in the
markets of the world. It is because our credit
has-thus been appreciated, has gone up from
the time when the paper dollar of the Govern-
ment was worth only forty cents, so that'it is
now wqrth ninety cents, that we £e#lourdel«ea
at all justified ia eomiDgbeforethe world and
proposing to exchange the bonds that are now
out at six per cent, for bonds bearing a lower
rate of interest.
Then, sir, it is said that at this juncture, in
this state of affairs, it is necessary to employ
outside agents for the purpose of negotiating
this loan of the Government. The employ-
ment of outside agents is what I object to. It
is not the employment of agents altogether that
I object to. I do not propose tp cut off the
powers of the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr
to diminish .the confidence of the,>WMJ tfy i«
him. I propose and will go wjtfotiw* chairman
of the Finance Commjttep,;ii fVoiing in this bill
an appropriation eqthe one half of one
per cent., which the Secretary sayU is neces-
sary to negotiate the loan; but 1 4o wish it
incorporated in the bill as a principle that that
negotiation is to be carried on by the officers
of the Government, who are accountable to the
Govern meat, and over whom we can> have con-
trol. I do not again wish to see the spectacle
of a private agent called in whose free use «f
printer's inkissaidto have made him the great
financial regulator of the country and dwarfing
the Secretary alongside of him. If the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not now under hia
control officers capable or force Baffieient to
take charge of and uegotiate this loeA, if he
must call into his Department a more expert
financier, one better acquainted with the mon-
etary circles of the world than any he has there
now, call him in, and out of the one half per
cent, which we propose to give him let, hist be
paid for exerting his influence and for putting
this loan on the market wherever it is neces-
sary ; but let him be an officer of the Govern-
ment, upon whom we can call at any time for
