1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
or claims against the United States in connec-
tion therewith.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Francis A. Conwell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be directed to cause to be paid to Francis A-
Conwell the full pay and emoluments of achap-
lain of the first regiment Minnesota volunteers,
from the sixth day of May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-lour, to the twenty-seventh day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXVI.—An Act to authorize the
importation of a Common lload Steam
Locomotive free of Duty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That G. W. Dick, of But-
ler county, Ohio, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to import, free of duty, from Scotland, a
common road steam locomotive, for experi-
mental purposes, under such instructions as
may be given by the Secretary of the Treasury
in the case.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXVII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Mary Lincoln.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary oi' the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized to place
the name of Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham
Lincoln, deceased, late President of the United
States, on the pension-roll, and allow and pay
her a pension at the rate of three thousand
dollars per annum from and after the passage
of this act.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCfxXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Captain David Beaty's Company of Inde-
pendent Scouts.
Whereas David Beaty, of Fentress county,
Tennessee, did, on the twenty-fifth day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, organize
a company of independent scouts, numbering
one hundred and two men, including himself
as captain, and bis first and second lieutenants;
and whereas said company was on continuous
duty engaged in the woik oi suppressing the
rebellion from the date of its organization until
the first day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five. serving under the orders of the commander
of th e army in Tennessee; and whereas said com-
pany was never legally mustered into the service
of theUnited States by anyproperly authorized
mustering officer, and neither officers nor pri-
vates of said company have ever received any
compensation for said services from the Gov-
ernment of the United States: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of th/: United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the organization set
forth ill the foregoing preamble be, and the
same is hereby, recognized as a part of the
military force of the United States engaged in
suppressing the recent rebellion, and the mem-
bers thereof, on making proof of actual service,
are declared to be entitled to the same pay,
pensions, as though they had been regularly
mustered into the service of the United States
as cavalry: Provided, That there shall be filed
in the War Department a roll of said company,
which shall be sworn to by the captain and two
lieutenants of said company: And provided
further, That each soldier, cpon applying tor
payment under this act-, shall be required to
make oath as to the length of his service in
said company.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXIX.—An Act for the Relief
of J. Alden Rathbun, Postmaster of Mystic
Bridge, Connecticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of three
hundred and sixty-five dollars, the amount of
postal stamps deposited for safety in the First
National Bank of Mystic Bridge, and stolen
therefrom by burglars on the night of July
twenty- ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty- seven,
without fault or negligence on the part of said
postmaster, and which he has accounted for to
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
Approved, July 14,1870.
Chap. CCLXXX.—An Act to provide for the
settlement of the Claims of Archer N. Mar-
tin, late Assessor of Internal Revenue for
the Seventh Collection District of Pennsyl-
vania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to cause
the claim of Archer N. Martin, late assessor of
the seventh collection district of Pennsylvania,
for salary and commissions earned while dis-
charging the duties of said office, to be audited,
adjusted, and paid by the proper officers of the
Treasury Department, in accordance with the
internal revenue laws.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXI.—An xVct to increase the
Pension of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of
Brigadier General Alexander Hays, who was
killed in the battle of the Wilderness, May
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, directed to place
on the pension-rolls the name of Mrs. Annie
A. Hays, widow of Brigadier General Alex-
ander Hays, who was killed in the battle of the
Wilderness on the fifth day of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, at the rate of fifty dol-
lars per month, to commence from the passage
of this act, and to continue during her widow-
hood, aud to be in lieu of the pension hereto-
fore granted to the said Annie A. Hays, under
the provisions of the general pension laws.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXII.—An Act to relieve Ver-
non H. Yaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
of all Legal and Political Disabilities imposed
by the Fourteenth Article of the Amendment
of the Constitution of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring,) That all legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, be, and the same are hereby, removed
from Vernon H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Ala-
bama.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXIII.— An Act to relieve A. E.
Reynolds from Civil and Political Disahili-
tics.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all civil and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
be, and the same are hereby, removed from
A. E. Reynolds, of Corinth, in the State of
Mississippi.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief
of Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county,
Texas, and Joseph fi. Sloss, of Colbert
county, State of Alabama, of all Political
Disabilities.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabili-
ties imposed by the provisions of thefourteentli
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States upon Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison
county, State of Texas, and Joseph H. Sloss,
of Colbert county, State of Alabama, for par-
ticipation in the late rebellion, be, and the
same is [are] hereby, removed.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXV.—An Act to remove tha
Legal and Political Disabilities of M. C.
Butler, of South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
byreason of participation in thelate rebellion,
be, and they hereby are, removed from M. C.
Butler, of Edgefield county, South Carolina.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXVI.—An Act repealing "An
Act granting a Pension to Mrs. Ernestine
Becker."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That "an act granting .1
pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker," approved
February twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, be, aud the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXVII.-An Act for the Relief
of the Third Arkansas Cavalry.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the same bounty be,
and is hereby, granted the enlisted men of the
third Arkansas cavalry, who were mustered
out of the service on the twenty-second day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, as is
allowed all other soldiers enlisted for three
years or during the war.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of the Trustees of Albert G. Sloo.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales uf America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of the trus-
tees of Albert G. Sloo for compensation for
services in carrying the United States mails
by steamers direct between New York and
Chagres and New Orleans and Chagres, in
addition to the regular service required under
the contract made between the said Albert G.
Sloo and the United States, be, and the same
is hereby, referred to the Court of Claims, and
the said court is hereby directed to examine
the same and determine and adjudge whether
any, and if any, what amount is due said trus
tees for said extra services: Provided, That
