5556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
month again, I present no objection to it; but
I think it would be invidious and improper to
select out of those dozen or fifteen cases one
widow and restore her pension by special act
again to fifty dollars per month, and leave others
to whom Congress had pledged fifty dollars
per month to be scaled down to thirty dollars
per month, in accordance with the general act
on the subject. If I have an opportunity, there-
fore, I shall move as an amendment to this
bill that all widows who by special act were
granted pensions at the rate of fifty dollars per
month be included.
Mr. POMEBOY. The Senator cannot make
that motion now. I rose to ask if there were
any objections on the part of the committee to
my withdrawing the motion to reconsider. If
that is withdrawn the bill is passed, and not
within the reach of amendment. But if the
Committee on Pensions object, then we must
take a vote to see whether we will reconsider
it or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. HOWELL. I object, in order to get the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Iowa
permit me to state that this widow, if my in-
formation is correct, never was en the special
pension-roll, and therefore she is not among
the fifteen cases to which he refers? She has
never enjoyed a special pension, if my inform-
ation is correct.
Mr. HOWELL. I understood she did.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will not
make objection to this bill, which will give to
her what he agrees ought to be given to others.
At. the proper time he can give it to the others
and I will join with him.
Mr. HOWELL. If she were not on the
special pension-roll I have no objection.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Iowa with-
draws his objection.
Mr. SUMNER, I call for the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
says he has no objection. I therefore with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
ORDER OE BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts calls for the regular order.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to inquire if that was
not postponed until the morning business was
disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
postponed for morning business, but not until
the morning business should be concluded,
and is subject to be called up at any moment.
Mr. THAYER. I have been waiting pa-
tiently for a chance to make a report.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will allow
Mrs. Lincoln's bill to be proceeded with now.
Mr. THAYER. But the Senator knows it
cannot be disposed of without debate, and I
desire to present some morning business.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Chair
will receive reports if there be no objection.
Mr. THAYER. And I wish to ask for the
consideration of a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I shall be obliged
to object.
Mr. THAYER. _ I say to my friend from
Massachusetts that it is a bill for the relief of a
woman whose every dollar of property was
taken from her 
Mr. SUMNER. Very well;_ I am for it,
just as soon as a bill for the relief of another
woman, which has been pending now for a
year and a half, is passed.
Mr. THAYER. Is it in order to move to
postpone the present and all prior orders until
liie morning business is disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. THAYER. I make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska moves that the pending and
all prior orders be postponed until the morn-
ing business is disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
ruports oj? committees-
Mr. SUMNER. Then I shall insist simply
on morning business.
Mr. THAYER. That is all I have in view.
I am instructed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of Lucy A.
Smith, widow an^ administratrix of Thomas
Smith, deceased, to report it back without
amendment, and to recommend its passage ;
and I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that. That is
not morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
are still in order.
Mr. THAYER. Does that objection carry
the bill over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion carries it over, it cannot be considered
on the same day on which it is reported except
by unanimous consent, under the rule.
Mr. OSBOIiN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George R. Wilson, submitted a report thereon,
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No.
251) for the relief of George R. Wilson.
The joint resolution was read, and passed to
a second reading : and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1010) for the relief of Hiram A. Cutting,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1971) for the
relief of the sureties of the late Captain A.
R. Hetzell, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. I have another report; but
before I make it I desire to get the ear of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. sumner.]
I am directed by the Committee ou Patents to
report back House bill No. 178, for the relief
of Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross. It is
granting authority to apply for the extension
of a patent. It is a bill in which a Senator is
interested who is absent from indisposition,
and in which he feels a deep interest, and I
promised him to endeavor to secure its con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will
pardon me. There are Senators all around
who have asked to proceed with bills reported
this morning, and I have been obliged to object,
simply that I may bring the Senate to a vote
on the pending bill. As soon as that is out of
the way I shall have nothing to say.
Mr. WILLEY. I will not make the report
just now.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Nicholas P. Trist, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1008) for the
relief of Nicholas P. Trist, negotiator of the
treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Air. FENTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referredthe bill (S.No. 826)
to amend an act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the j
public debt, and for other purposes, approved
June 30,1864,as subsequently amended, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1036) for the relief
of John B. Weaver, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed t,o.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 1-38) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to deliver the
" Mount Vernon relics" to Mrs. Mary Custis
Lee, to report it back. I am directed by a
majority of the committee to report against the
joint resolution; but for myself I am in favor
of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
placed on the Calendar, if there be no objec-
tion.
albert a. SLOO.
Mr. FENTON. There is a bill on the table,
simply referring a ease to the Court of Claims,
which I should like to have acted upon.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
pardon me for objecting. If ope case is con-
sidered then all must be considered; and I
wish to have a vote on Mrs. Lincoln's pension
bill.
Mr. FENTON. The bill is simply on the
table. It was objected to the other day, but
there is no objection now. It simply proposes
to refer a case to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
bill itself, of course, but  
Mr. FENTON. There can be no objection.
It will occupy no time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider a bill at the
present time. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 73) for
the relief of the trustees of Albert G. Sloo.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
in lines ten and eleven, to strike out the words
"the amount" and to insert the words "whether
any, and if any, what amount-is;" so that the
bill will road :
Be it enacted, &c„ That tlio claim of the trustees
of Albert (*. Sloo for compensation for services in
carrying the United States mails by steamers direct
between New York and Chagres, and New Orleans
and Chagrcs, in addition to the regular service re-
quired under^the contract made between the said
Albert G-. iSloo and the United States, be, and the
same is hereby, referred to the Court of Claims ; and
the said court is hereby directed to examine the
same and determine and adjudge whether any, and
if any, what amount is due to said trustees tor said
extra services: Ptooided, That the amount to be
awarded by said court shall be upon the basis of the
value of the carrying express freight of like quantity
with tlio mails actually carried between the same
ports at the same time.
Mr. WILLEY. Under what rule did that
bill come up for consideration?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FENTON. It was upon the table, and
I asked the Senate to allow a vote to be taken
upon it.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts consented I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not consent to it.
It came forward 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to object now. Unanimous consent has
been, given. The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Post Offices
Mid Post Roads.
■"The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CORBE1T. I observe that the bill
provides for allowing the same rate that is
allowed for carrying express freight. 1 do
not know what the price allowed for carrying
express freight was. To that point it may
have been very high, from the fact of there
being a very small amount of express freight.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the most moderate of
all the pricos proposed.
Mr. CORRETT. If the committee have
examined into it, and know what.the price of
express freight was, 1 have no objection to it.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will occupy
time, I insist on the regular order, and the bill
must go over.
Mr. CORBET L\ I move to strike out that,
portion of the bill, and let it say that the court
shall provide just compensation.
Mr. RAMSEY. That will give them more
than they have asked for.
