468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. CARPENTER. "Well, the facility or
the lack of facility for acquiring it may be my
fault or it may be the fault of the Senator;
because I suppose the word "facility" in this
connection, when I am trying to pump some-
thing out of him and he refusing to impart it,
includes both processes, both my attempt and
his refusal.
But if the Senator from Missouri is entirely
certain that the fate of the nation depends upon
adopting this amendment, he must have some
well-digested theory of what is to be the effect
of adopting it. He is not so strenuous for this
amendment all in the dark. I have sought in
vain from him to know what his theory is,
what would, in his opinion, be the consequence
of violating this fundamental condition.
Mr. DRAKE. I will give it to the Senator
if he will allow me.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, I will not allow
anything else. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. The fourteenth article of the
amendmentstotheConstitutionprovidesthat—
"No State shall make or enforce any low which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprivo
any person of life, liberty, or property without duo
process of law; nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of tho laws."
That is a part of the Constitution now ; and
when we put this proviso into this bill it serves
as a designation, by reference to the existing
constitution of Virginia, of rights of citizens of
the United States, that under this article of
the Constitution Congress shall have the power
to protect against all sorts of aggression.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri, because his explanation
does me no good unless I can get one or two
things more to put with it, does he understand
that adopting this amendment is to enlarge
that amendment to the Constitution or give it,
even in the State of Virginia, any greater effect
than it would have without our adopting this
amendment to-night?
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the adop-
tion of this amendment to-night designates
distinctly the constitution of Virginia as con-
taining provisions which are for the protection
of citizens of the United States, and that by
adopting this provision we do not enlarge the
scope of this constitutional amendment which
I have just quoted, but we lay the foundation
for the application of the powers therein given
to that very class of persons designated in the
constitution of Virginia.
Mr. CARPENTER. Assuming that that
lays the foundation, what do you propose to
build upon that foundation?
Mr. DRAKE. It is not at all necessary for
me to undertake to express an opinion as to
what we would propose to build upon that
foundation, for it could be nothing but an opin-
ion having no particular value in this discus-
sion. When they do violate that provision,
if it is annexed to this bill, then is the time
when the Senate of the United States, the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin and myself
among the number if we should be here, would
have to determine that question; but now is
not the time to complicate this question with
the individual opinion of any Senator as to
what ought to be done under those circum-
stances
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that it
might be allowable under the circumstances to
complicate it so far as for some Senator to
show that something under heaven could be
done in such a contingency. If there cannot
be, then I am opposed to this amendment, be-
cause it is simply idle. If there can be, it
would seem that an ingenious Senator like my
friend from Missouri couldguess, at least, what
it might be.
But I do not propose to discuss this matter;
I simply asked these questions for information.
I desired to know what theory was entertained
by these Senators ; whether, if these condi-
tions should subsequently be violated by Vir-
ginia, in their opinion Virginia would cease
thereby to be a State of the Union, or if her
right to be a State would thereby be extin-
guished; and if so, what proceedings could be
had to declare a'forfeituro of her franchise as
a State of the Union. Suppose her position
in the Union is not lost by violating one of
these conditions, then the question would come
up on a given amendment of the constitution
of Virginia before the courts as to its validity.
Does any lawyer in this body suppose that any
court, State or Federal, would hold a State
constitution void because it conflicted, not with
the Constitution of the United States, butwith
an act of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. If, allow me to ask my
friend, that act of Congress be a compact ?
Mr. CARPENTER. If that act of Congress
be a compact, then the Senator from Massa-
chusetts goes into the arms of John C. Cal-
houn on the theory of this Union. We had
the discussion of whether this Union was based
in compact or cemented and crystallized in law
thirty years ago.
Mr. SUMNER. I think my friend does not
understand me.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very likely.
Mr. SUMNER. If the fundamental condi-
tion is a compact between Congress and the
State. That is my question.
Mr. CARPENTER. To that I have a short
reply, that I do not think there can be any com-
pact between Congress and-a State. There may
be a compact between the United States and a
State; but I deny that the relation of any State
to this Union can in any sense be regarded as
a relation based upon a compact. This is a
Government. The powers of the Federal Union
are based upon the solid foundation of the Con-
stitution, not upon the terms of a contract, no
matter how high maybe the contracting parties.
The latter theory of this amendment—and this
question of the Senator brings us right up to
it—if 1 understand it, just leads into that very
danger out of which we have emerged only
through the blood and terror of a four years'
war. I want, so far as I am concerned, to have
done with the talk about compacts which reg-
ulate the rights of a State in this Union, and I
desire, so far as my vote goes, to admit States
and let them be States and hold them respons-
ible as States, and compel them to obey the
Federal Constitution as States, or I propose to
have nothing to do with them in that capacity,
to remand them to the condition of Territories
or hold them in military subjection. Let us
have one thing or the other.
It is not my business to criticise the action
of Congress; but if I were to express any
opinion upon this subject of reconstruction
going into the past I should say that the mistake
which had been made was in hastening recon-
struction. I would have had those southern
States placed under the guardianship of the
Union. I would have had them trained and
disciplined to liberty and law and order, and
all the better if it had been continued for
twenty-five years. 1 would let this generation
cool down. But then, sir, whenever the time
did come, be it early or late, for creating States
out of those Territories I would have States. I
would have no maimed, tied, mutilated, partial
member of this Union ; no State here without
the rights and privileges possessed by other
States, for I believe no such Union can go
safely on the tide of time. The guarantee of
our Union, its perpetuity and its peace, is in
the equality of every member of the Union. I
would give to Virginia while I gave her a place
at this board all the rights I would give to Mas-
sachusetts ; and whenever Virginia or Massa-
chusetts failed to perform her duty to the Fed-
eral Union I would deal with her as Congress
has the undoubted right to do—for what pur-
pose ? To make her a republican State and to
keep her in the line of her duty. That we may
do; that we should do when the emergency
arises.
But where is the wisdom—and I put this in
an interrogative form, not criticising anybody,
but expressing only the doubts under which
my mind labors—where is the wisdom of saying
to a State now on the threshold of the Onion,
" We distrust you ; we will not permit you to
exercise the functions of a State ; we will not
grant to you the right to amend your consii-
tution as other States have the right." To
this it will be said, "Virginia has rebelled.1'
Undoubtedly; and.if we are not disposed to let
that pass and receive her back as a State, then
let sis make a territorial government there and
hold her until we can receive her as a State ;
and whether that time come in five years or
twenty-five, when it does come, when the peo-
ple of Virginia, disciplined by war or cooled
by reflection, can see their duty and come
back properly into the Union, then let us
have the State of Virginia, not a sister here
with hands tied, not. a member of the Union
maimed and half destroyed, ready to be toppled
over by some accident. Let h«r come as a
State with all her powers and all her privileges;
but until her people can be trusted in thai
capacity do not let her come at all.
But there is another question here, it strikes
me, of very grave difficulty. It is the duty of
the United State* to guaranty to Virginia a
republican government. What is our under-
standing of a "republican government?"
There are several ideas included in the phrase;
but first and foremost is the idea that it is a
government ordained and established by the
people over which it exists. The people of
Virginia, in the form^prescribed by our laws
and under proceedings conducted by the Pres-
ident and military authorities, have held an
election and have ratified—what? "This con-
stitution." And whatis "this constitution?"
It provides that it may be amended in a cer-
tain way. That is the provision of the con-
stitution which the people of Virginia adopted.
Now Congress, taking her application and her
constitution, propose to do what? To make
a total change in that constitution, and to say
that, "Whereas you have adopted a consti-
tution in which you say you may amend ir
in a certain way, we say you shall not amend
it at all as to certain particulars." If we
may alter that constitution and its legal effect
in one way we may in twenty ways. If we
may do this thing we may say she shall be
admitted into the Union upon the fundamental
condition that no judge shall ever be commis-
sioned to hold a State court. We may mold
her constitution ; it is clay in the hands of a
potter, subject to our absolute will and domin-
ion ; or we have no right to meddle with it at
all. Now, I ask, in all earnestness and can-
dor, can Senators impose here by law a pro-
vision upon that constitution which is not in it
at present, which the people of Virginia have
never ratified, and which, perchance, they never
would ratify, and call that a republican gov-
ernment—call that a constitution adopted by
the people of Virginia?
Mr. President, it is no answer to all this to
march off under the flag and talk patriotically ;
it is no answer to these serious, practical ques-
tions to talk about the horrors of the war, about
the green graves in the South, and the dark-
ened homes in the North. All that I under-
stand, all that I feel; and if the people of
Virginia have not yet sufficiently repented to
become a State, then let her stay out until they
do. But if Virginia is fit to become a State
at all, then it is no answer to these objections
to say that there was a time when she was
not a State; there was a time when she went
out ef the Union voluntarily; she was eight
years out without our consent; now she must
come back upon the terms we impose. I con-
cede she must if we have any authority, any
proper constitutional right to impose them ;
and that brings us back to the practical diffi-
culty which i have in coming to support this
amendment.
I regret as much as any man can to be com-
pelled on these questions to vote against Re-
publicans in this body. There are special
