1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
information as to the state of the loan, not a
private banker, who may hare the control of
this negotiation and sell $500,000,000 of bonds
to-day and hot account to the Government for
them for two weeks or a month hence; not a
private banker who is interested, perhaps, in
putting up and down the price of the Govern-
ment securities in the market. Let him be an
office* of the Government, and for every $1,00®
of bonds sold let that $1,000 go into the Treas-
ury on the day the sale is made.
That, sir, is the point I deem it important to
bring before the Senate in consideration of
whether they will authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to follow the former precedents
and employ a private agent interested in the
state of the money market at all times, and put
in a position by this very employment which
enables him to manipulate the money market
for the purpose of making his own private gain
out of it. I do not know whether the statement' j
be eorreet or not, but we all know that the state- |
aient has been made over and over again—it |
was made frequently during the time that a bill j
to which I will call attention directly was ;
pending mi this body and in the other House— :
that the gains made by the agents who nego-
tiated the former loan, by their influencing the1
money market, by contracting and expanding
the curreuey by these saleB, far exceeded by
many millions tlie $7,000,000 of compensation
which was puid to them for negotiating the
loan. That we ought to avoid.
i wish to avoid it for the very purpose of
keeping the reputation which the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury has made for honesty
and efficiency above reproach and above sus-
picion.' I think the true friends of the present
Secretary of the Treasury will advocate a nieas-
ure which will not permit the press of the
country to make the charges which haVe been j
heretofore made as to the manner in which the
money market has been manipulated for the
private gain of the parties Who are intrusted |
with the negotiation of the Government loans.
As I said when I gave notice Of my intention
tc introduce this amendment, I offer a propo-
sition which had received, as I supposed j the
sanction of the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury when he was a member of the other House.
I have already alluded to the clamor which';
was mtfde in the country about the private-
salts of bonds, about the sales of gold ; and I
that very demand from the public broughtinto I
theother House, add brought into this Senate j
ftom the' honorable Senator from New York, 1
£Mr. Gouklikg,] a bill substantially embody-
ing the two propositions which I propose to'
incorporate'into this bill. Sir, was there ever1
a nitasufe, without regard to the cause which
originated it, without regard to whether the
ciattiot out of which it grew,Was Well founded ;
or ill founded, brought into Congress which
was as strongly and as emphatically indorsed
as (hat measure was? 1 have here a few of
the petitions which tame in while that bill was
pending. IwippOse;that no measure, calcu-
lated as that one wtw to affect the general
state of the money market, eve* received such
an indorsement as that measure Wftbodying
those two propositions did. Petitions' 'Mere
presented from the buftiaoss men of Ne# York,
Philadelphia, Chicago, Boston, and resolu-:
tions of the Boards of Trade attd of the Cham-'
hereof Commerce in great numbers frorti&H
the cities of the land, asking that Congress
would incorporate into its legislation the two
principles, that all sales of the Government:
loan's should be public, and that no eomthis-'
sion sb©«ld be paid to the agents who Were'
intrusted to make those sales. '
That being the ease, let us look at the neces- j
sity for employing agents Bow. What is the
necessity for employing them? Is this loan'to i
be popularised ae the former loan was? Are*
the people to be made familiar with the terms [
upon which this loan is offered ? Why, sir, if
the public debt of the United State* 4s not
popularized now, there is no one thing o*',
I I
earth that ever will be popularized. Look at
the history of that debt. Ih 1861 the Govern-
ment of the United States was compelled to
go into a defense against the rebellion under
unprecedented circumstances. We were barely
beginning to breathe after the financial panic
of 1857, which swept the land financially as a
tornado. I have looked at the failures that
occurred in the two years of 1857 and 1861, and
the failures alone of those two years amounted
to nearly five hundred million dollars. Under
those circumstances we went into the war, and
upon our own resources, taking the loan in our
own eountry, we went through that war at an
expense, as it is estimated, of $4,000,000,000,
paying up to this date, according to that esti-
mate, about one thousand six hundred million
dollars;- and that loan, it is stated by the best
financial authorities, was all originally taken by
our own people. That which has found its way
abroad has found its way abroad since. It was
negotiated here. None of it was negotiated
in Europe, according, I believe, to the state-
mentof thehonorablechairman himself. There
were no agencies opened there for its negotia-
tion.
Now, sir, with the circumstances under which
that debt was created, with the eyes of the
world fixed upon the country which owes that
debt, I say there is but one element to be used
in disposing of this loan now, and that element
is the element of the credit of the United States.
It needs no agent to advertise that more than
the Secretary of the Treasury himself can em-
ploy by simply announcing to every man who
now holds a bond that the United States pro-
poses, in view of its increased energies, in view
of its increased prosperity, in view of the fact
that its credit in the marketB of the world is
coming up and to-day almost stands dollar for
dollar with gold, now to exchange the bonds
given under an emergency of that kind for bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest. Cannot that
be done by an agent employed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury? As I have already stated,
I do not ask that bis hands be tied, but I do
ask that the negotiation shall hot be in private
hands, hands which might, and even bythe sus-
picion would cast imputations fif>on the integrity
of the negotiation.
So much, sir, for the question of whether
we need additional aid outside of the Treasury
for the purpose of negotiating this loan. There
is one other feature of it to which I wish to
refer. I wish this loan—and in that I believe
I am joined by the chairman of the commit-
tee—*to be taken in the United States if possi-
ble. This bill now proposing three different
series of bonds, Or bonds at three different
rates Of interest, I suppose no one doubts that
it is that series Which bears the highest rate of
interest that will be taken first, especially as
the I ll now stands, under the amendment of
thehonorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
StiJlNE*,] that b6nd being a ten-fbrty bond,
running as long as any of the lower rates of
interest bonds are now proposed to be. If we
can have the first $400,000,000 taken at five
per eent., I want it taken in this eountry if
possible; and I will go further and join the
chairman and say I would rather see every dol-
lar of it taken in our own country than to see
one dollar of it go abroad; and if the whole
of it can be taken I will go farther And say I
would rather pay $60,000,000 at home to our
people than to send $48,000,000 abroad to
Europe. It would be better for us; it would
be sounder policy to do it.
Then, sir, we need no agent for the pregfent,
because our own people understand It. They
do not need to have it popularized ; and if they
did we have already under obligation to act
for us the sixteen hundred national banks,
who by the terms of their incorporation are
bound to become the financial agents ofthe Gov-
ernment and discharge all reasonable duties
free of cost. Thus, sir, we can make the
experiment with our owr* people first; and if
we can dispose of the first $400,000,000 in
one year, then we are just as well off as we
should be if we negotiated it abroad and paid
one per cent, for the negotiation. If it were
negotiated to-morrow at five per eent., and one
per cent, was paid for the negotiation, we
should be no better off at the end ofthe year than
if we were to go on paying six per cent.; be-
cause, in that point of view, we do really pay
six per cent, for this $400,000,000. Let us then
try the experiment with our own people whether
we can fund this $400,000,000 without outside
agencies at five per cent.; and if we can do
that, the strong probability is that we can fund
$400,000,000 more in another year, and pre-
vent the necessity of going abroad and hawk-
ing our credit through the money markets of
the world.
Now, sir, as to the rate which is proposed
to be paid, the amendments that have been
offered have at least had one good effect, and
that is to show by the letter of the honorable
Secretary himself that only one half of the
appropriation which is made is needed. He
agrees, in the letter which was sent to the desk
yesterday by the chairman of the committee
and read by the Clerk, that one half per cent,
upon the amount proposed to be negotiated
will be sufficient for the purpose of paying the
expenses of this loan. To show that I have no
hostile intent to this bill, I say here that any
amendment which may be proposed placing at
the disposal of the Secretary this one half per
cent, necessary to negotiate the loan, if accom-
panied with the feature that the negotiation
must be public and be made by officers con-
i nected with the Treasury Department, shall
have my hearty support.
,! But, sir, to come to the point as to the ex-
' pense of negotiating the loan, I have here the
document referred to by the chairman of the
i committee yesterday, the letter ofthe Secre-
tary of the Treasury giving the cost of nego-
tiating the various loans of the Government
up to the time this communication was sent in
i, in April, 1868; and I call the attention of the
Senate to the cost of negotiating the various
loans. The cost of negotiating the first seven-
thirty loan, as given in House of Representa-
tives' Executive Document No. 66, Thirty-
Eighth Congress, first session, Was three tenths
of one per cent.; and according to House of
Representatives Executive Document No. '265',
Fortieth Congress, second session, the second
loan was negotiated at one fifth and one eighth
of one per cent.
Now I come to the next feature. By turn-
ing to page 19 of this document, No. 265, we'
find a "statement of commissions paid agents
for sales and subscriptions to five-twenty loan,
act of February 25, 186*2." I wish to call at-
tention to one fact. The names of the parties
I to whom commissions wero paid, many of them
being private parties aad bankers Who made
: their applications- direct to the Treasury De-
partmerit, commence on page 19 and run to
page 135, making over one hundred pages of
loans that were negotiated by the Assistant
Treasurer at the city of New York. It is not
, until you get up to page 135 of this document
that the loans under that act of 1862, negotiated
j j by agents employed by the Treasury Depart- *
'! menf, begin. Tnere are over one hundred
II pages of names 6f parties who took the loan,
Sj negotiated and paid out through the instru-
! mentality of the Assistant Treasurer at New
York without the agency of a private individual
at all. On page 135 the names begih of per-
sons to whom bonds were sold through the
, negotiation of other agents than the Assistant
I Treasurer at New York. But,, sir, all these
; negotiations, from page 19 up to page 185, I
j, believe were at the rate of one eighth of one
|[ per cent., perhaps a few at one fourth. It is
II only after that that the rate begins to be higher,
| when it gets into the hands of the private agents..
From page 19 to page 135, under the act of
i February 25, 1862, all were taken by the Uni-
:i ted States Treasurer at New York, and the^
;; balance of the loan of five-twenties of 1862,J
