1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
reasons in my case why I regret to vote against
my colleague oil any political question, reasons
which I need not enlarge upon, for they are
well known to every member of this body.
But, Mr. President, here are questions of
deep import; questions the consequences of
which are to outlive you and me, are to sur-
vive this present assemblage of Senators, and,
for good or ill, slied their influence through
innumerable years. We are not now engaged
in ordinary legislation which may be remedied,
amended, and. remodeled to-morrow. We are
framing States; we are adding columns to this
great Union; we are speaking of things which
the Constitution declares shall be perpetual,
immortal; and I implore the Republican Sen-
ators in this Chamber to consider, as I have
no doubt they will, and have, these objections
which seem to me impassable: first, that this
provision will be utterly ineffectual or utterly
pernicious ; and in the second place, if it has
any effect whatever, then it is altering the con-
stitution which the people of Virginia have
ratified, and forcing a constitution upon them
i which they have not ratified.
Sir, we declaimed very loudly and very justly
against the course pursued by the secession-
ists. In some States, where the majority of
the people were really for the Union, they
held conventions packed in the interests of
secession, framed constitutions, and put them
into operation without submitting them to the
people. We have denounced this on every
stump from Maine to California. Shall we
now, in Congress, perform the same act pre-
cisely, and force upon Virginia a constitution
that she has never ratified? It is no answer
to this to say that these provisions are right,
and Virginia ought to be satisfied ; that they
are in the interests of liberty, and Virginia
ought to love liberty. I concede them to be
so ; but the question is, have we a right to put
them there without consulting her.
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, sir, confidence,
they say, is next to genius; the Senator from
Massachusetts having both must be a happy
man. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, these are the objections which
I have to this amendment, aud these are the
reasons why I must vote against it.; and I beg
the pardon of the Senate for having spoken ten
times as long as I intended to do in stating
them. I only do it because I feel embarrassed
by the position I am in here as a Republican Sen-
ator voting against Republican Senators on this
question for whose opinions I entertain the
profoundest respect; but it is due to myself, it
is due to my own conscience, it is due to my
imperfect and ill-instructed judgment, yet to
me it must be the guide of my conduct, that I
should vote for what I believe to be true and
just.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the mis-
fortune of the statesmen of France before and
during the French revolution was tnat they
would follow theories in defiance of facts, and
if the facts did not conform to the theory, no
matter : a beautiful theory was worth more than
facts. Now, sir, theorizing at this time, in
view uf the very grave situation by which we
are surrounded, and in view of the terrible
ordeal through which we have passed, must
be received with a good deal of allowance and
a good deal of suspicion.
I understood the Senator from Wisconsin to
say that he claimed that Congress had the
power if a State failed in doing her duty by the
Union to deal with that Slate whether it was
Massachusetts or Virginia. If I understood
the Senator correctly in that the admission, in
my judgment, carries away all his argument;
for if he admits that the Government of the
U nited States has the power to deal with Mas-
sachusetts or with Virginia, being States in
full relation in the Union, because they fail to
do their duty as States, then it has a right to
execute fundamental conditions whether they
are written or unwritten ; it has a right to deal
with, a State whenever that State in the.opinion
of the Government of the United States comes
short of performing its whole duty. So that,
in my opinion, the admission made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin sweeps away all the argu-
ment and all the theory that have been ad-
vanced.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to funda-
mental conditions so-called, or in reference to
that which is proposed here to-night, I do not
claim, for one, that these conditions are legally
binding upon the State of Virginia, or would
be if adopted. We cannot make them a part
of the Constitution of the United States by
putting them into this bill, nor can we make
them a part of the constitution of the State of
Virginia, but by making this declaration we
make it a question of good faith upon the part
of Virginia. We say " we admit you upon the
understanding written out in this bill that you
will not so amend your constitution as to de-
prive any class of your citizens of their rights,
therefore your good faith is pledged." That
is all there is of it. If Senators have confi-
dence in the good faith of the people of Vir-
ginia or of any other State, then they must
admit that perhaps there will be some binding
force and some power in what may be called
a condition inserted in a statute like this.
Sir, we are standing in the presence almost
of the rebellion. It has passed away, but it
has left its consequences and its memories
behind it. Reconstruction is not completed.
We do not know what is before us. We do
not know what we may yet have to encounter
in the State of Virginia or in other States.
There are grounds of apprehension in regard
to what may be the conduct of Virginia ; and
I call upon Senators to reflect upon the gravity
of the situation. I feel constrained to vote
for the admission of Virginia. I do it for two
reasons : first, because 1 believe she has com-
plied with the conditions we have prescribed,
and therefore we are in honor bound to admit
her ; in the next place, because I want to
secure her vote for the fifteenth amendment,
which I believe is indispensable to the safety
of the whole system of reconstruction. But,
sir, 1 confess here to-night I do it with great
apprehensions ; and I do not believe there is a
Senator here who does not feci grave misgiv-
ings in regard to what will be the result of our
action in the admission of Virginia. If the
people of Virginia shall behave as the people
of Georgia have behaved, as the people of
Tennessee have behaved, in six months from
this time we shall be called upon to encounter
a storm of indignation at the hands of our
own constituents for our action here.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Perry]
made a remark this afternoon that I was sorry
to hear. He intimated that the forty-live
members of the Virginia Legislature who had
remonstrated against the admission of Virginia
were actuated by personal grievances, by de-
, feated ambition or hopes. Tlfat may be the
i case in regard to a few ; but I think the Sen-
| ator went too far in making that the motive
; for all. Sir, 1 believe, I am satisfied, that the
| great body of the Republican party of Vir-
i ginia to-day, stand in terror of the admission
; of the State. I have seen many of them and
! I think I know hoiv they feel. They believe
| that they will not be safe in their^property, in
i; their liberty, in their persons if Virginia shall
! be admitted.
Sir, that is the true feeling of the great body
of the lie publican party of Virginia to-day, and
we have no right to scoff at it here. .We may
i feel bound to admit Virginia and I do. We are
; surrounded by such circumstances as in my judg-
j ment make it obligatory on us to do it; but at
'■ the same time I appreciate, and I appreciate
I profoundly that deep fear which rests upon the
! loyal men of Virginia as the result of her admis-
i sion; and I think my friend fiom Connecticut
I went too far when he put down their protest to
! improper motives. I have been addressed by
II Republicans from Virginia who have not been
and will not hereafter be office seekers, intelli-
gent men, too, and I know that they believe that
when the State is admitted, and, as they sup-
pose, passes from under the control of Con-
gress, they will be virtually driven from that
State ; that there will be an ostracism practiced
upon them, that there will be a reign of terror
inaugurated;which will drive them to sacrifice
their property and leave their homes and go to
other States.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator in case they should inaugurate
a reign of terror does he not believe there is
power in Congress to rectify'any great wrong
they may commit?
Mr. MORTON. I am glad to have my friend
ask me the question. I think my friend must
have understood me two or three days ago as
asserting that the power to reconstruct implies
the power to protect the reconstruction, and
that that power to protect will continue solong
as protection shall be required ; that if we
simply have the power to set up these govern-
ments and then the rebels may knock them
down and we no power to prevent it, recon-
struction is idle. I say that the power to recon-
struct implies the power to protect the work
that we have done; and if we allow the admis-
sion of these States upon certain conditions
that are vital, then the violation of those con-
ditions after the States come in will be a fraud
upon us and we shall have a right to redress
the wrong. I will not now say how, but the
circumstances and the time will point out the
measure and the character of the redress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator to hold, as I claim myself, that the Con-
stitution is ample for such a case. Now, I want
to know if the Senator from Indiana thinks
that our right will be any stronger based upon
a fraud than it is based upon the Constitution 1
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, without un-
dertaking to answer the particular phraseology
used by the Senator, I will endeavor to answer
what I conceive to be the scope of his ques-
tion, and I will use as an illustration the very
point embraced in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri. When we came to
reconstruct these rebel States we found that we
could not do it with safety and with success ex-
cept by raising up a new class of loyal voters
upon whom we could reconstruct. Therefore,
the admission of the colored men of the South
to the right of suffrage and the right to hold
office was indispensable to reconstruction. It
was a vital condition. We put that in our re-
construction measures. We required them to
put it in their constitutions. Now, will the
Senator tell me when that was a vital condi-
tion, so regarded by us, when we acted upon
it and required them to put it in their consti-
tutions, that to-morrow, after theyare admitted,
they can violate that condition with impunity ;
they can take from the colored man the right
of suffrage, the right to hold office ; they can
remit him back almost to his former condi-
tion, and that we, having been cheated, have
no remedy ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator par-
don me for interrupting him? I understand
him to agree with me that we have a perfect
remedy under the Constitution. What I cannot
understand is, that with his theory and mine
that our true remedy under the Constitution is
clear and undoubted we are to gain any addi-
tional power by what he calls this compact or
this fraud.
Mr. MORTON. I do not call it a compact.
I beg to be understood; 1 do not agree to com-
pacts. The Senator admits now, and I am glad
to hear him do it, and I want it to.go upon the
record, and I should like to have that record
made on the part of e>ery Republican Senator
in this body, that if this fundamental, this vital
condition of reconstruction shall hereafter be
violated we'have the power and the right of
