3670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
hs citizens of this free Republic, entitled to
some rights and to some respect, to be secure
in their persons and privileges and to have that
security enforced by law.
Tho loyal whites of the South ask for pro-
tection for themselves and for these freedmen.
It is their Government, and they are entitled
to demand and receive its protection, not as a
boon, nor a concession, bat as a matter of
right and of justice.
1'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have modified it to
meet the objection of the Senator from Illi-
nois. I have simply struck out the words
"electors for President and Vice President"
in three places, so as to make it apply only
to elections of members of Congress.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
Mr. V1CKERS. If the Senator from Ten-
nessee will give way, I move that the Senate
adjourn. It is half past ten o'clock.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. FOWLproceeded to address the i
Senate. When he had spoken some time,
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator give
why for a moment?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senate consent
to take the vote to morrow at three o'clock ?
Several Senators. Yes.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy.) The Senator from Nevada proposes
that the vote on this question l>e taken to-
morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. STEWART- I should like to have it
also understood that I shall have half an hour
in conclusion to reply.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
that we dispense with the morning hour and
take the vote at two o'clock to-morrow, as it
is Saturday.
Mr. SIEWART. Very well.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And ap-
propriate the morning hour to this business.
Several Senators. Say three o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I will make this proposi-
tion, that we dispense with the morningbusiness
' to-morrow. Commence at once on this bill at
twelve o'clock,.and that at half past one I
shall have half an hour to answer anything that
may have been said that I choose to reply to,
and that we commence voting at two o'clock ;
and further, that on new amendments five
minutes may be allowed to any one who wants
to speak.
Mr. RAMSEY. That seems to be a fair
proposition. I hope it will be accepted.
Mr. STEWART. Let us commence voting
at two o'clock, and on new amendments allow
five minutes for explanation.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest three o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, what is
the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada will state his proposition again, i
Mr. STEWART. The proposition is that
we commence with this bill at twelve o'clock
to-morrow; that at half past one I have half i
an hour to conclude the debate; that at two
o'clock we commence voting, with the under-
standing that on all new amendments there
shall be allowed five minutes for explanation
to any one, either for or against.
Mr. FOWLER. I wonld suggest that in-
stead of two we vote at three.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada alter" the time to three
o'clock?
Several Senators. That is better.
Mr. STEWART. Then at half past two I
shall have half an hour, and let the voting
commence at three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the propo-
sition is onderstood the Chair will ask if there
is any objection to it ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
Mr. STOCKTON. I object. I move that
. I do not propose any
Let us go on. I withdraw
when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to putting that ques-
tion. It is out of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Then move to pass over
■ the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Either have a vote to-
night 
Mr. STEWART. No ; let us finish this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER and others. Finish it
now.
Mr. STEWART. We have tried to get an
agreement. Now let us finish the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee is entitled'to the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I think the objection will
be withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART
arrangement now.
the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
Mr. THAYER. Before the Senator pro- j
i ceeds, 1 ask my friend from California if he
will not  !
Mr. STEWART. I have withdrawn the !
proposition. !
Mr. THAYER. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his objection there will
be no further trouble.
Mr. STEWART. That is ended. Let us
go on with the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is not ended.
I think the Senator from California will with-
draw his objection; but if not, if everybody
agrees to it bat the Senator from California,
then we can let him speak as long as lie
chooses to-morrow, and we can vote when he
gets through.
Mr. THAYER. If he will withdraw the
objection, what is the trouble with my friend
from Nevada?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] brought in here this evening
at almost the end of this discussion an amend-
ment in three sections which is more objec-
tionable than anything that has been thought
of by anybody on any side in connection with
this bill. It is an amendment that ought to be
discussed for a week before it is passed. If it
took a week to expose its propositions a week
ought to be given ; it never could be better
bestowed; and, for one, I am very reluctant
to consent to limit debate on a subject as new
as that and as obnoxious in every respect.
Mr. FOWLER. We shall not gain anything
by continuing on to-night,
i Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know why any
point should be made of terminating the debate
, at a particular hour to-morrow. Here is a new
subject, entirely new, brought into the discus-
sion. That is my objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mt. FOWLER resumed and Concluded his
i speech, which will be published in the Appen-
dix.
! Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
ij Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
1 me to make an observation ?
; Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
j Mr. CASSERLY. I simply wish to say that
' finding the Senator from Ohio has left the
' Chamber, probably for the evening, and not
desiring, so far as 1 am individually concerned,
to set np any objection of mine against the
convenience and wishes of a large majority of
the Senate, I desire to withdraw the objection
I made awhile ago to any arrangement that
may be made that is satisfactory to the Senate
for to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
say but a few words. I simply wish to inquire
now, in general terms, what is the position of
the Democratic Senators on this floor with
regard to this amendment ? Let us see if we
cannot understand in general terms their posi-
tion, what may be called the Democratic posi-
tion. It has been expounded by the Senator
from Tennessee who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Fowi.br,] the Senator from California,
[Mr. Casseuly,] the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Tiiurman,] and the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.] I understood it to be this : that
the fifteenth amendment contains no grant of
power, but is simply in tho nature of a prohi-
bition; that its elfect is simply and solely to
deny to the United States the power to abridge
suffrage on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and to deny to any State
the power to do it for those reasons; but that
the Congress of the United States has no power
to legislate to enforce that right. That I under-
stand to be the general position ; and if I am
not correct I should be glad to be corrected.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator on that point bo far as he refers to me.
The first section of that amendment is the pro-
hibition on the Government of the United
States and the States. 1 am not certain as to
the extent of the power under the second sec-
tion. I mean to say this, though: that it cannot
go so far as to enforce State laws, to make that
criminal in a State which is a violation of a
State law. That is the point I make.
Mr. MORTON. The first observation I have
to make upon this general position occupied
by our Democratic friends is that it is in ac-
cordance with the position they have taken in
nearly all constitutional powers. They assert
a want of power in the General Government.
Now, sir, what is the spirit and the true intent
of the fifteenth amendment, as we all remem-
ber it when it passed in this Chamber, as will
be shown by the Congressional Globe, by all the
discussions, as it is understood by the country?
What is the" true intent and spirit of that
amendment? It is that the colored man, so
far as voting is concerned, shall be placed upon
the same level and footing with the white man,
and that Congress shall have the power to
seenre to him that right. Is not that the spirit
and the intent of that amendment as we all.
remember it when it passed this Chamber, that
the colored man shall be placed on the same
footing in regard to voting with the white man,
and that Congress shall have the power to
seenre him in the enjoyment of that right?
Now, the ground these Democratic Senators
take is, that any law-passed by Congress abridg-
ing the right of the colored man to vote is
simply unconstitutional and void ; that any law
or constitution adopted by a State to abridge
the right of the colored man to vote is simply
unconstitutional and void ; and there it stops.
If it stops there, what is the use of the second
section of the article, which declares that Con-
gress shall have the power by appropriate legis-
lation to enforce it? That second section is
intended to give to Congress the power of con-
ferring upon the colored man the full enjoyment
of his right. We so understood it when we
! passed it. The debates will show that that was
the understanding.
If the construction adopted by the Senator
from Tennessee and others is correct the sec-
, ond section is a nullity; the whole effect of
, the fifteenth amendment is that any State law
prohibiting colored suffrage is void; and there
it stops. That is their argument. If it stops
i there, the second section is nugatory and un-
i necessary. We know that the second section
was put there for the purpose of enabling Con-
' gress itself to carry out the provision. It was
not to be left to State legislation. If there is
any doubt about the understanding with which
that was passed we can refer to the debates in
i the Globe, for it is but little over a year ago
' since it was done. We know that it was put
there for the purpose of enabling Congress to
take every step that might be necessary to
secure the colored man in the enjoyment of-
these rights.
Now, sir, we take both of these sections
together, we construe them in harmony with
each other, and they give to us all the power
that is claimed by this bill. But we are met
