470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
redress. Is that the understanding? That is
my understanding.
Then, sir, I might, goto the Senator from
Wisconsin, as he did to the Senator from Mis-
souri, and aslc him what shall be the character
of that redress, how he proposes to enforce a
fundamental condition. lie would not be called
on to answer me to-night. I could not reason-
ably expect him to do so, because the measure
and the character of the redress must be de-
termined by all the circumstances surrounding
the case at the time, \yheu Georgia committed
that great act of treachery we did not know
how to deal with her; but a little experience
after that and a little reflection brought us at
last to the correct remedy. Now, sir, as is
conceded by my distinguished friend from Wis-
consin and by the member of the committee
who has the bill in charge, if in case they shall
violate the terms of the constitution they have
adopted by depriving the colored men of suf-
frage, by depriving them of the right to hold
office, or by taking from them the school fund,
or depriving them of their civil rights under
that constitution, we have the power as a Con-
gress to redress that wrong that concedes the
whole position that I have contended for from
the first. Thai power would not be strengthened
by putting this condition in the billt nor would
it be weakened on the other hand. Now, the
only advantage in putting it in the bill is that
it is notice to them and to the world; it is
calling their attention to it at the very time it
is done, and saying "Take particular notice
that we readmit you upon these terras and
conditions," thereby substantially giving them
notice, though not in words, that it' they shall
violate these terms, if they shall violate the con-
ditions of reconstruction, we will deal with them.
With this understanding in regard to the
admission of Virginia had upon this floor, and
if put into the bill so much the better, we shall
thereby have security that the people of Vir-
ginia will not violate these conditions. If the
people of Georgia bad understood distinctly
what we would do they would not have taken
the course that they did take. They supposed
they were beyond our control; they supposed
they had gotten beyond the regulating power
of Congress when they turned the colored men
out of their Legislature; but they found them-
selves mistaken. Now we say to the people
of Virginia and all the reconstructed States in
advance, "lfyou shall violate these terms upon
which you are reconstructed you will be guilty
of bad faith, of treachery ; understand, our
power is not exhausted; we have the power
to protect what we have built up, and we will
do it." With this understanding in regard to
our power we shall have security from them
for their good behavior in the future.
Mr. President, the only real security that wc
can now take for the future conduct of the
people of Virginia and of the other States is in
giving them to understand what our power is,
and our purpose to exercise it if they shall give
us cause to do so. I have been very glad to
hear the expression that has been made here
to-night on the part of the Senator from Wis-
consin and others that the power under the
Constitution of the United States is ample over
any State in this Union when that State shall
come short in doing its duty as a State and in
performing the vital condition upon which that
State was reconstructed and iestorod to her
normal relations with the Union.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I did not mean
to open my head again during this debate, and
I should not do so now but for a single remark
dropped by my colleague. He expressed his
regret not only at being compelled to differ
with other Republicans on the floor, but espe-
cially upon the necessity of differing in his
votes with myself. Now, let me say in reply to
that 
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin be kind enough to speak so that we in
this vicinity can hear him? We do not want
to lose anything that he says.
Mr. HOWE. I really am. speaking rather
to my colleague than to the Senate, if I may
be indulged so far as that.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is to be regarded
as confidential, I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Confidential strictly. [Laugh-
ter.] _ I rose mainly for the purpose of assur-
ing him 
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that he talks so well that
we wish not to lose anything that he says.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Nebraska is
very kind, and if anybody could induce me to
roar he would do it. [Laughter.] I will try
to roar after the fashion of the sucking dove,
however.
I was trying to say, under considerable diffi-
culty, that I conceive the difference between
my colleague and myself, I conceive the differ-
ence between the two sides of the Chamber on
the pending question to be so little radical in
its kind that if I had supposed it would have
given my colleague any especial gratification
to have had mc vote with him I do not know
that I should not have voted with him. I do
not consider that there is any very great prin-
ciple at stake here. There is a question of
judgment in my opinion. We are called upon
to exercise our discretion, our judgment, upon
a matter of policy. The thing which this
amendment seems to require the doing of, I
take it, is a thing that my colleague, the Sena-
tor from Nevada and all Senators about me
are agreed ought to be done. The question is
whether the adoption of the amendment now
moved by the Senator from Missouri would
tend to secure the doing of it. It was my
opinion that it would. It is my opinion that
it would. But this is the general feeling, if 1
cannot dignify it with the name of reasoning,
which has controlled my action from the be-
ginning.
Like my colleague, I have not been hungering
and thirsting for the admission of these late
seceding States. So far as the legal questions in-
volved in reconstruction are concerned I think I
have the best of reasons for knowing that there
is no difference of opinion between my colleague
and myself. There has been a difference
between myself and my Republican friends
from the beginning. If I could have influenced
reconstruction when we first took the subject
up, in the morning of that day after our juris-
diction was acknowledged from the Canadas
to the Gulf, this would have been the course
I should have taken. I would have agreed to
the doing of what we did, that is to the wiping
out of every vestige of a civil government we
found existing over these rebel States when
the war closed ; but having wiped those out, I
would have put civil governments in their place,
but I would have had civil governments respon-
sible to the General Government, such govern-
ments in substance, though not in form, as you
have over all your Territories to-day. I would
have had governments with Legislatures chosen
by the whole bodyof the people of those States,
to make just such laws as they deemed the
interests of their respective States demanded.
I would have retained of course the power to
veto any law which bore injuriously upon the
national interests or which bore oppressively
upon any class in those communities. That veto
power this Congress has upon the legislation
of every Territory. I would have had the
executive and the judicial departments of the
Government responsible to the national au-
thority and not to the popular voice of those
States. Why so? For the simple reason that
we knew that the majority of the people in those
several States had been, first, the bitterest ene-
mies of the national authority, and secondly,
the bitterest enemies of those two classes in the
States which we were bound of all the world
to protect—those white men who had been
loyal to the cause of the Constitution and the
country and those black men who had sinned
against the majority down there in nothing
but in accepting freedom at the hands of the
people of the United States. For this reason
I would have had these executive and judicial
authorities responsible to the Government of
the United States. I would have had these
people represented not only in their local Legis-
latures by representatives chosen by them-
selves, but I would have them to be represented
by Delegates chosen by them in both Houses
of Congress, so that we could have had them
here for the purpose of counsel and for the
purpose of advice.
It is well known that I not only urged this
policy after the close of the war, but I urged
it repeatedly during the progress of the war;
but I was overruled. A form of government
was substituted for thatwhich we felt compelled
to abrogate that I never could heartily approve
of—a military form of government. I never
liked it; I do not like it to-day; and I have
been reconciled to. these acts of readmission
mainly by my desire to relieve that people down
there, rebel and loyal alike, from the rule of
these military tribunals. They are unsuited to
the work of civil government; they are un-
suited to the business of protecting life, person,
property.
Now, I say again that I have not hungered
for the readmission of any of these States.
With reluctance I voted for the readmission
of Alabama, of Arkansas, of the Carolinas, of
all and each of them. With reluctance I vote
now for the admission of Virginia. There are
tendencies abroad among those people which
I believe to be dangerous to that people par-
ticularly, more so than to the Union itself.
But because they have made an attempt to
comply with conditions so far as you have
expressed conditions, and because I believe
that in the main they have complied with those
conditions, and, above all, because I do want
to snatch them from those tribunals to which I
have already referred, from that military rule,
I have concluded to acquiesce in this proposi-
tion now to admit the State of Virginia ; but
in doing that I have thought it proper, and I
have thought it safer on the whole—I appeal
to my friends about me ; I appeal to my col-
league among others, if it is not on the whole
quite as safe if not a little safer to put whatever
conditions we can upon the act of admission
which we think at all calculated to secure the
observance of good conduct, good faith, and
good government hereafter among them.
Now, my colleague raises a very grave ques-
tion, and others have raised the same, a ques-
tion I am not going to attempt to answer:
suppose you put this fundamental condition in
the statute, and it is disregarded by the govern-
ment of Virginia by and by, after admission,
what is your remedy? Mr. President, how
many States have been admitted into the Union
with a fundamental condition and upon whose
acts of admission you'-^ould have raised pre-
cisely the same question? I have before me
the statute admitting the State of California,
and I find the third section of that actdeclares:
"That the State of California is admitted into the
Union upon the express condition that the people of
said State, through their Legislature or otherwise,
shall never interfere with the primary disposal of tho
public. lands within its limits and shall pass no law
and do no act whereby the title of the United States
to and right to dispose of the same shall be impaired
or questioned; and that they shall never lay any tax
or assessment of any description whatever upon the
public domain of the United States; and in no case
shall non-resident proprietors who are citizens of the
united States be taxed higher than residents; and
that all the navigable waters within the said State
shall be common highways forever, free as well to the
inhabitants of said State as to thecitizens of the Uni-
ted States, without any tax, impost, or duty therefor."
And in the act admitting the State of Wis-
consin into the Union my colleague knows—
Mr. SUMNER. All the acts contain that
condition.
Mr. HOWE. In the Wisconsin act there
was not only a condition, but it was declared
to be a fundamental condition. These are
called " express conditions"- sometimes. I
have not looked to see whether the question
was then raised and settled what should hap-
