2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
an arrangement of that character if it suits the
Senate generally, though possibly I could be
here by six o'clock on Tuesday. I have an en-
gagement which I cannot break. I am very
sorry that the vote has not been taken this
week; but I will not ask that it shall go over
till later than six o'clock on Tuesday. I should
like to have the vote taken at six o'clock on
Tuesday if it is not to be taken to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us agree to six
o'clock on Tuesday, then.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that we have an
evening session that night to accommodate the
Senator from Massachusetts. Let us take a
recess from four to seven, and vote in the
evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The arrangement is now
' complete, I believe. ['"Yes."]
Mr. THAYER. I want to ask one question.
Can a vote be taken before thatJJ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we get all through I
suppose it can.
Mr. THAYER. Some may act on the sup-
position that it will be taken at that time, and
I object to any vote being taken sooner.
Mr. CAMERON and others moved an ad-
journment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question on the motion to adjourn the
(Jliair will ask leave to lay before the Senate
a bill from the House of Representatives for
reference.
HOUSE BILL REl'ElUtED.
The biU (H. It. No. 1594) to amend an act
entitled '■ An act to incorporate the Freed-
men's Savings and Trust Company," approved
March 3, 18(55, was road twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 15, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by ltov. J. E. Rankin, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BRAZIL J.'AIL STKAJISIIir COMPANY.
Mr, BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported
back the claim of the Brazil Mail Steamship
Company, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
VOSKMIXi! VALLEY.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
:l substitute for House bill No. 184, to confirm
to James M. Hutchings and James C. Lamon
their preemption claims iu the Yosemite valley,
in the State of California; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the substitute was recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIM Of J. C. LEWIS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, in compli-
ance with the request of the Committee of
Claims, in relation to the claim of J. C. Lewis
for gravel and stone alleged to have been
taken from him for the use of the Army; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which theletter was referred; andalso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GltANVILLE M. DODGE.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table a letter from the
Secretary of War, asking that an appropria-
tion of $5,000 be made to enable the Secretary
ot War to satisfy a judgment obtained against
Granville M. Dodge, late an officer of the
United States,' and others, for acts done by
them in the line of their duty, for reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, unless it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, where it
belongs.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to submit a privileged
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of eonferenoe on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (II. R. No. 1346) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30,1870, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference bave agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12, 3], 32, 33, 37, 51, and 53.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreeinentto the amendments of the Senate
numbered 2. 8, 0,19, 20, 22, 23, 28, 29, 30, SO, 38, 40, 41,
45, 50, and 52, and agree to the same.
That the Ilouse recede from their amendment to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendments:
At the end of said amendment add the following:
"For additional pay of forty laborers employed in
the Patent Ofiicc, at&120each, SI,800: Provided, That
their pay shall not exceed §720 ca.ch nor annum.
" for cartage for tho House of Representatives,
$3,000.
" For salaries of oflioers, olerks, and other employes
in the Office of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, $30,000."
And the Senato agree to the same.
That tho Ilouse recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
In line threo of said amendment strike out the word
"fifty" and insert in lieu thereof the words " oue hun-
dred;" and at the end of said amendment add the
following:
" Provided, That no part of the money shall be ex-
pended until a contract or contracts shall be entered
in to by the proper authorities with the lowest respon-
sible bidder or bidders for the completion of the en-
tire building at a sum, including all moneys already
expended in its construction, not exceeding $300,000;
and the expenditure of any sum of money in viola-
tion of this proviso shall be deemed unlawful."
And the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
Stnkc outsaidamendmont, and also strike out the
words "four hundred thousand," inlinonineonpagc
4 of thobili, and insert in lieu thereof the words " ono
million;" and at the end of said line nine add tho
following:
"Provuied, That no part of this sum beyond tho
snm of ©500,000. or any other sum appropriated for
this purpose, shall be expended until a contract or
contracts for the completion ot the entire building,
in conformity with plans to be approved by the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury and Postmaster General, and
at all times under their direction, shall be enieied
into with the lowest responsible bidder or bidders,
and for a sum not exceeding $3,000,000, including all
sums already expended for that purpose, except that
for tho site; and the expenditure of any sum of
money in violation of this proviso shall bo deemed
unlawful."
And the Senato agree to the same.
Tha,t the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
Strike out said amendment, and also strike out
tho words "two hundred" in lino eleven, page 4, of
tho bill, and insert in lieu thereof the words "five
hundred;" and at the end of line eleven, page 4, of
the hill, add the following:
"Provided, That no part of this sum beyond tho
sum of §250,000, or any other sum appropriated for
this purpose, shall be expended until a contract or
contracts for the completion of tho entire building,
in conformity with plans to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and Postmaster General, and
at all times under their direction, shall be entered
into with the lowest responsible bidder or bidders,
and for a sum not exceeding $1,500,000, including all
sums already expended for that purpose, except that
for the site, and the expenditure of any sum of
money in violation of this proviso shall be deemed
unlawful."
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Roxue^cntativo: recede from
their disagreement to the forty-sixth amendweut ot
the Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendments:
In line two of said amendment, after the wprd
" officers,"insert the following words: ".and to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle' the accounts
of disbursing officers for expenditures already made;"
and in line three of .said amendment, after the word
*'disbursement," insert the following words: 1 but.
merely requiring a transfer on' the books of thre Treas-
ury;" ana the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their,disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows:
At the end of line one, page 4, of the bill insert
the following:
"Provided, That no part of the money shall be
expended until a contract or contracts shall be en-
tered into by the proper authorities with the lowest
responsible bidder or bidders, for the completion of
the entire building at a sum, including all moneys
already expended in its construction, not exceeding
$300,000; and the expenditure of any sum of money
in violation of this proviso shall be deemed unlaw-
ful."
And the Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
FRED. A. SAWYER,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES,
A. A. SARGENT.'
JAMES BROOKS,
Managers on the part of the ilouse.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know whether it is in order
to ask for the separate consideration of each
of these amendments as agreed upon by the
conference committee ? Or must they be acted
upon as a whole?
The SPEAKER. The report is not open to
amendment. It must be accepted or rejected
absolutely.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to enter into
any discussion of the report. But I think that
the shortest and the best way of arriving at a
fair understanding is that I should answer
such inquiries as any gentlemen may make on
any particular point. I am therefore ready in
the briefest possible manner to answer any
inquiries that may be put to me.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts whether he will not consent to have
this report printed, so that we may fully under-
stand what it contains before we are asked to
pass upon it.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will look
into the Globe he will find the report printed
there in the proceedings of the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. The copy printed in the
Globe does not correspond with the report as
it was read by the Clerk.
Mr. DAWES. I have not read the report
as it appears in the Globe. It was read in the
Senate, and I supposed that it went into the
Globe just as it has now been read by the
Clerk. I cannot speak from an actual verifi-
cation.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the gentleman will
not object to have the report printed that the
House may fully understand what it is voting
upon.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] for a question, and
1 shall then yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. One of the points of
difference was as to the marine hospital at
Chicago. The committee of conference has,
I understand, put the total expenditure at
$000,000. I wish to inquire whether the com-
mittee had before them any information as to
what such a building would probably cost.
Mr. DAWES. The committee went into an
examination of the subject and proceeded upon
such evidence as they could command. The
supervising architect estimated the cost at
$394,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman
from Massachusetts aware that §300,000 is
$175,000 more than Congress declared that the
building should cost?
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that fact. I
am also aware that the party was unable to
erect this building on the terms originally stated,
owing to tho fact that under the circumstances
