1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4615
information on this subject; that, in common
with the other members of the Committee on
Appropriations, I acted on the statements of
the engineer officers of this Government, and
that they failed to give us information as to
the present necessities at that point, as to
which of the forts could be dispensed with and
which was indispensable. In other cases they
did furnish us with that information as to the
indispensable character of the work they pro-
posed to do, and convinced the committee of
the propriety of each separate and distinct
appropriation, and we made these appropri-
ations. It is for the House to say whether
they will appropriate more for tlie sea-coast
defenses of these great cities.
Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman was a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations, and
had the same means of gaining information
with regard to New Orleans that he had to
gain information with regard to the cities for
which they have appropriated.
Mr. DICKEY. I say that we did not obtain
the same information with regard to New
Orleans.
Mr. ARCHER. Why did they not?
Mr. DICKEY. Because the engineer depart-
ment was not able to give it to us.
Mr. ARCHER. I will tell the gentleman
auotherreason. They kept the State of Louis-
iana unrepresented in this Hall, and she had
no Representative here to speak for her.
Mr. DICKEY. I say, without fear of con-
tradiction, that no such petty motive influenced
any member of the committee.
Mr. ARCHER. It was not a petty motive,
but they were without information.
Mr. DICKEY. No such motive influenced
the committee. The condition of Louisiana
was not mentioned or discussed. We received
information from the engineer officers as to
the-works of greatest importance, and we made
appropriations for them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I shall reply very briefly
to some things which have been said, and then
I shall ask to have debate closed. I feel it my
duty to say that in considering this question
110 sectional views in reference to locality were
discussed at all. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] has well remarked, we
were governed entirely by the suggestions of
the engineer department as to which particu-
lar works demanded the first and most seri-
ous attention of the Government. It was stated
to us that certain fortifications on the southern
coast, by reason of the pendency of the late
civil war and other causes not necessary to
enumerate, had been in a state of neglect for
a long time, and that the engineer department
was not prepared to make specific recommend-
ations as to what ought to be done. We there-
fore postponed their consideration for another
season and confined ourselves to appropriat-
ing for those works about which definite plans
were submitted, and which command some Oi
the wealthiest and most important commercial
harbors of the United States.
Now, I hope that nobody will vote against
this bill merely because I happened to report
it. I assure the gentleman from Illinois [jlr,
Fauxsworth] that I did not report it in the
interest of the Democratic party, nor in the
interest of any other party ; but simply because
it was my duty to do so, as a humble memoer
of the Committee on Appropriations. I am
simply in the discharge of my duty when
report this bill and I advocate it, without any
personal feeling in regard to any item m it or in
ieaard to whether it shall pass or not. And I
think, therefore, that the political reference
by the gentleman was wholly gratuitous,
far as I am personally concerned, and also
i\.. ~ nn A nr>vonriationS <U"0
to him or to any other gentleman who may be
willing to take charge of it.
Mr. COX. I beg permission to say that the
estimates of the Republican department called
for neaily five million dollars; or, to be more
accurate, for $4,396,000, while my Democratic
friend who has had the honor to report this
bill reports only in favor of $1,204,750. Now,
I hope the Republican party will always study
economy of that kind hereafter.
Mr. NIBLACK. As to myself 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me to reply
in a word to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] by saying that $5,000,000 of ne-
cessary expenditures are not to be offset by
$1,230,000 of unnecessary appropriations.
Mr. COS". My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Nibi.ack] will no doubt respond to that in the
most conclusive mariner, as I would if 1 had
the time.
Mr. DAWE3. The argument of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortii] seems
to be that if an expenditure of $5,000,000 is
necessary, an expenditure of $1,250,000 can-
not be necessary.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot see the force of
the logic of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fare's worth,] and therefore do not think it
necessary to reply to him. We cut off every-
thing we thought could possibly be cut ofl.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to claim
that the bill reported from the Committee on
Appropriations saved $5,000,000.
Mr. COX. I said that the Republican de-
partment estimated for $5,000,000; while a
Democratic member of the Committee on Ap-
propriations reported a bill for only $1,250,000.
Is not the gentleman proud of the Democratic
party?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should be more
proud of it if it was not made a catspaw to rake
these chestnuts out of the fire.
Mr. NIBLACK. So far as I am personally
concerned, I will advocate anything which I
deem to be right, whether it may operate in
favor of the Democratic party or beneficially
to the Republican party. I am not to be seared
away from a measure like this by any talk of
that kind about the politics of the member who
happens to report the bill, or the politics of
certain gentlemen who happen to oppose it.
As to this appropriation for the forts in Port-
land harbor, as the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] has very properly said, they furnish
the key to the defenses of Maine and the rail-
roads that concentrate there. Now, while the
engineer department did not regard Portland
as of the first importance uncommercial point
of view, yet they regarded it, in military par-
lance, as of the first importance as a strategical
position. We thought, therefore, that of the
$150,000 which was estimated for that region
we would give ^75,000, not for the purpose of
being expended in constructing masonry^ as
has been intimated, but simply for enlarging
earth-works, so that guns may be put in position
for the defense of the harbor.
Now, in regard to iron-clads and the guns
they carry, we must have corresponding im-
provements in our land fortifications, in order
to be able to resist their attacks. As those
forls are now constructed they arc not able to
resist the attacks of vessels like the English
iron-clad Monarch, that lately visited our
shores on a mission of benevolence, and was
for awhile in Portland harbor. ]
The guns of the old pattern are_too small
for these forts, and are therefore of no va.ue ;
whatever in a contest of the sort 1 have indi-
cated. But, sir, the policy of the Government i
-~ to mount at these forts such guns as will :
advantages which
so far as the Committee on Appropriations are
concerned. I can assure him that u my with-
drawal from the support of this bill would give
it any strength in this House I am perfectly
willing to withdraw, and yield its management
give them all the relative -- ^ ,
they had under the old system. In other woids,
larger guns than a vessel. Hence a fifteen-inch,
gun mounted upon a fortification can be made
much more efficient and destructive than o,
fifteen-inch gun upon an iron-clad vessel. Now,
we have these large guns ; and we have, as 1
have stated, the fortifications; but the latter
are not in a condition to hold the guns ; and
the guns are in one place, while the fortifica-
tions are in another.
Since the commencement of the Government
we have spent about thirty-four million dollars
in fortifications at different points all over the
country. Most of them are at this time in good
preservation, simply needing enlargement.
Now, shall we allow this work to be postponed
for another year ? Shall we permit these forti-
fications to remain with no guns in position
that can be of service to us in resisting a first-
class iron-clad vessel, or shall we make a com-
paratively small appropriation for the purpose
of erecting earth-works on these fortifications
and putting in position a class of guns which
will be able to resist successfully the attack
of the largest vessels that may approach our
shores. The Committee on Appropriations,
after hearing all the statements of the officers
in charge of these matters, came to the con-
clusion that a wise economy absolutely demands
that we shall authorize at this time a sufficient
expenditure to mount these large guns in the
harbors commanding our principal cities. We
have reported appropriations for this purpose,
and it is for the House now to determine
whether it will adopt those appropriations or
not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
that debate on this paragraph be closed.
There was no objection.
The pending amendment, as renewed by Mr.
Dickey, was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows :
For fort on the site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island,
New York, the unexpended balances of appropria-
tions heretofore made for " casemated battery on
Staten Island," aro hereby authorized to be trans-
ferred and applied.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to inquire what is
the amount of these " unexpended balances,"
and whether they have been covered into the
Treasury?
Mr. NIBLACK. There was formerly appro-
priated for " casemated battery on Staten
Island," $229,000 ; but upon further examin-
ation the officers of the engineer department
decided that the expenditure contemplated was
not practicable or desirable. Hence, in the
estimates of this year they recommended the
transfer of that appropriation in the manner
proposed in the bill. The amount is $229,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I want to direct tbe
attention of the House to the fact that this
appropriation is in excess of the aggregate at
the end of the bill. , ,
Mr. NIBLACK. The amount has already
been appropriated, and is under the control
of the War Department. .
Mr. SARGENT. It has not been covered
into the Treasury ? _
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir; it is now under
the control of the War Department; and the
officers of that Department desire its transfer,
so that it can be used for a purpose deemed
more desirable than carrying out the original
object.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
$26,750, .
Mr. NIBLACK. The Committee on Appro-
priations have instructed me to move an amend-
ment slightly increasing theamount of the item
just read. We have only appropriated m the
! bill twenty five per cent, ol the amount esti
! mntml for t.liis item and lor the next. In*°ve
striking out "$26,7o0;/ and
to amend by
jnlienThereof" $55,000." _ Upon a
enn be made longer and heavier than • «&*  |j cm°^'"bfen Informed
nev 11HU "    . ' ,j . .
. fi fteen-inch gun mounted upon a iortihcation inserting
inch gun mounted upon an iron-clad vessel,
more metal can be used; a fort will support
regard
