1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
Lawn of the United States.
41st Coxa....2jd Sess.
No. f.8.— S.f.nt Ill-Solution for the Relief of
Air'n-d B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine.
JjC it resolved by tl> c Senate and House of Rep-
resentative.-< of the Waited Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Tu-m-ury bo, and he is hereby, authorized to
rei.ssue and deliver to Alfred B. Winslow, of
Port'smd, Maine, notes and securities of the
United Sfatf-s to the amount of twelve hun-
dred and fifty dollars in place of the following,
which were lost and destroyed by fire on the
fourth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, viz : one five-twenty, number 30,672, dated
May first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,for
one hundred dollars ; one five-twenty, number
9,OS!), dated May rirst, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, for fifty dollars : one five-twenty,
number 30,5G9, dated May first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, for one hundred dollars ;
one five-twenty, number 8,538, dated May first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for five hun-
dred dollars, and one of eighteen hundred and
eighty one, number 11,834, dated November
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, for
five hundred dollars. And the Secretary of the
Tieasury shall take such bond and security to
indemnify the Government against the pre-
sentation of the same for redemption as he may
deem necessary and sufficient.
Approved, June 8, 1870.
No. 71.—A Resolution for the Belief of Mrs.
E. Grace Stevens.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury cause to be paid to Mrs. E. Grace
Stevens, widow of II. K. Stevens, late a lieu-
tenant in the United States Navy, the sum of
six hundred and thirty dollars,being the amount
reserved out of his pay as such lieutenant, upon
ati allotment ticket for her benefit, while he was
at sea on board the United States ship Ports-
mouth.
Approved, June 7, 1870.
No. 74.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John M. Droome and others, the Band of
the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.
Whereas, John Martin Broome, leader of
the band of the twelfth regiment Kentucky
volunteer infantry, and Adam Stilling, Chris-
tian Ivuboz. Georgo Scott, and Rudolf Yan-
deran, musicians of the first class, George
Hoeflinger, PeterOehlschlager, JohnEck, and
Philip Weis, musicians of the second class,
[and] Alvis Berg and Philip Herrmann (the last
named having died in hospital on the thirty-
first March, eighteen hundied and sixty-two,)
musicians of the third class, were enlisted as
the band of musicians of the twelfth Kentucky
infantry on the third day of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and performed ser-
vice, and were discharged by the authority of
law and military regulations as the band of said
regiment until the tenth of September, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, without having
been paid, and without having furnished to the
War Department the proper rolls of muster-
in and muster-out of service ; Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United StaJes of America in
Congress osscnd)led, That the proper officers
of the War and Treasury Departments are
hereby authorized and directed to allow to said
musicians the same pay and allowances from
the time of their enlistment to the date of their
discharge aforesaid as though their muster-
rolls had been properly furnished and were in
all respects regular.
Appp.oyed, June 17, 1870.
Oono. 2d Sess.—No. 49.
No. 81.—A Resolution to provide for the
payment of the Claim of Martha A. Estill,
administratrix of the estate of James M.
Estill, deceased, Redick McICee, and Pablo
de la Toba.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to examine the
claim of Mart.haA. Estill, administratrix of the
estate of James M. Estill, late of California,
alleged to be due for supplies furnished in
eighteen hundred and fifty-one or eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, for the use of the Indians
in the northern district of California, amount-
ing to three thousand dollars ; also the claim
of Pablo de la Toba, for supplies furnished to
the Indians on the Merced river, under alleged
contract with an agent of the Indian commis-
sioners, then in California, amounting to eight
thousand and forty dollars ; and also that of
Redick McICee, formerly commissioner and
Indian agent in the State of California, for an
alleged balance of account for services and
disbursements made for expenses and for extra
compensation while acting as such commis-
sioner and agent, from eighteen hundred and
fifty to eighteen hundred and fifty-three, said
balance amounting to seven thousand four hun-
dred and twenty-four dollars and fifty-nine
cents; and if,on said examination, the Secre-
tary shall be of opinion that said claims or
either of them or any parts or items thereof are
just and equitable, and that they were con-
tracted in good faith and for the public service,
he shall cause the same to be paid to the re-
spective parties or their legal representatives :
Provided, That no greater amount than that
specified in this resolution as claimed by the
respective parties shall in any event be paid:
And provided, further, That the amount paid
in either case shall be accepted in full discharge
of the entire claim.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, That a suffi-
cient sum to pay the amounts adjudged to be
due under this resolution is hereby appro-
priated.
Approved, Juno 23, 1870.
No. 82.—Joint Resolution granting a Pension
to John Powers, late a Private in Eleventh
Regiment United States Infantry, in the War
of eighteen hundred and twelve.
Beit resolved by the Senate and Houseof^Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and lie hereby is, directed to place
the name of John Powers, apnvate in Captain
Bliss' [s] company of the eleventh regiment of
United States infantry in the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve, on the pension-roll, and
to pay him a pension of eight dollars per month
from and after the passage of this joint reso-
lution.
Approved, Juno £3, 1870.
No. 83.—A Resolution to admit free of Duty
certain Printed Chromos.
liesolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That certain printed chro-
mos of Indian painting,! belonging to John M.
Stanley, not exceeding twenty-one thousand
copies, shall be admitted free of duty, under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe: Provided, Ihr.t
the permit so granted to John *u. Stanley shall
be in full settlement of all claim against the
United States for the destruction by fire, of
certain Indian paintings belonging to him. in
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, at
the time of the burning of the building of the
Smithsonian Institution, in the city of Wash-
ington.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
No. 8-1.—A Resolution conferring upon the
Court of Claims Jurisdiction to hear and
determine the Claim of William B. Campbell.
liesolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That jurisdiction is hereby
given to the Court of Claims to hear and de-
termine the claim of William B. Campbell for
the loss of an unfinished steamer, alleged to
have been seized in the fall of eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, by order of General Grant,
while in command at Cairo, to prevent the same
from falling into the hands ot' the rebel# and
being used by them to cross the river from the
Kentucky to the Illinois shore, and which ves-
sel is alleged to have been lost in consequence
of that seizure And said court is authorized
to hear and determine the validity of said claim
and the amount of said Campbell's loss.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
No. 85.—A Resolution for the Relief of Lewis
D. Smith.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required, in settling the accounts of Lewis D.
Smith, the postmaster at Ionia, Michigan, to
allow him a credit of the amount of stamps
belonging to the United States instrusted [in-
trusted] to his care, and stolen from his posses-
sion, not exceeding the sum of fourteen hundred
and seventy-six dollars.
Approved, June 24, 1870.
No. 80.—-A Resolution for the Relief of J. R.
Clark.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
to audit and settle the accounts of J. R. Clark,
late collector of internal revenue for the fourth
collection district of California, under the pro-
visions of section twenty-five of the act approved
July thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled " An act to provide internal revenue,
to support the Government, to pay interest oil
the public debt, and for other purposes," and,
in addition to the actual necessary disburse-
ments made by birn, shall allow him the sum
of thirty-five hundred dollars per annum as
salary ; and there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sufficient sum, not exceeding
forty-five hundred and thirteen dollars and
forty cents, to pay said Clark such amount as
may be justly due him on such settlement for
services and disbursements in said office for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
AppROvrn, June 25. 1870.
No. 92.—Joint Resolution authorising Surgeon
George E. Cooper, of the United States
Army, toaCL'ept a Gift fVom the Covenant lit
of Fiance, in acknowledgment of servie..s
renueied.
Be it resolved tvj the Senate and House (f Rep
resentatives of the United Stoles of Anu rica i>i
Congress assembled, That George E. Cuepc,,
surgeon United States Army, be, ami In :S
hereby, authorized to accept from the I* reneli
Governineutagold watch and chain in aeknowl -
edgmnnl of services by him rendered in July,
