1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5559
States, do ordain and pass this act for the pur-
pose of stamping them with ingratitude, and
performingan act of duty, without which suffer-
ing would be the result, to the disgrace of the
American nation." Let that beyour pream-
ble, and let it go out with your bill.
I feel just as much on this subject as I would
if the applicant were a man, and I deal with
the subject just as plainly aud just as frankly,
because there is no way to meet it and put it
in its proper light before the country unless
we do this, and this only.
The Senators from the southern States were
appealed to, and they were told that now was
an opportunity for them to show their gratitude
to Abraham Lincoln. Senators from the south-
ern States have very many constituents who
have been slain under circumstances precisely
the same as those attending the death of Presi-
dent Lincoln. Your citizens came home from
the war, and they hardly reached their own
hearth-stones before many of them were assas-
sinated, and their widows have come here and
asked for the pittance of eight dollars a month,
for the purpose of supporting orphans in pov-
erty and rags, and we have had to tell them, " Oh,
no ; your husband did not fall until after the
war was over and after peace was declared, and
after he was mustered out of the service;
although we know that his death was caused
by his devotion to the country, yet we cannot
pension you because your husband died a civ-
ilian and died after the surrender of Lee's
army, died while he was not in the Army of the
United States." We have turned away, and
turned away, and turned away this class of
southern claimants until our hearts have been
sick ; and we have felt that it would be a relief
to us if we could take them all in and bring
them upon the pension-rolls, although their
husbands fell not in battle, but fell because
they had been true to the cause Qf the Union,
as they understood it and as we understood
it. That appeal, therefore, has no force with
these men who are by us necessarily refused
the privilege of pensions for their widows
•who come before us on the same basis with
this.
Now, Mr. President, I have touched a few
of the points and passed over many others,
and I have done it in a hasty manner, from the
fact of the anxiety of the Senate to vote on
this question. My duty will be performed, I
suppose, when I shall have submitted the ques-
tion to the Senate; but when I do submit the
question to the Senate I hold in my hand a
bill which I shall be compelled to move as an
amendment to this one, unless I can have it
passed separately at once. It is a bill for
granting a pension to Jerry Gordon, a man of
color, who lost both his feet at the battle of
Bull Run, who comes here day after day, aud
yesterday stood on his stumps at that door,
asking and imploring the passage of a pension
bill for him, which has already passed the
House of Representatives; and I say now that
I shall be under the necessity of moving that
as an amendment to this bill, and asking the
Senate to do me the positive kindness—for it
would do my heart good to see this poor, un-
fortunate man, without the use of his limbs,
allowed a pension for services performed, as
well as he was able, as a teamster at the battle
of Bull Run, under the orders of a quarter-
master, tnough he was not at that time an
enlisted soldier. I will allow the question
then to go to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama, |_Mr-
Si>e>.cer,] which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and in lieu thereof to insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
herebv, authorized anddirected to pay to Mary Lin-
coln, widow of the late Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, an annuity of S3,000 during her
widowhood, to be paid to her quarterly.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will not be
amended.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. On behalf of my overbur-
dened and overtaxed constituency I protest
against the passage of this measure, and the
appropriation of a single dollar for the purpose
named. The proposition is without precedent
in our legislation ; is without the support of
moral, legal, or constitutional right. There is
no justification for this gratuity, and it cannot
be sustained with any pretense of justice to the
American people, whose opinions and interests
we profess to represent.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders to take up the bill for
the benefit of Margaret P. Robinson.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not do that. He knows I am for the widow
Robinson's bill, but here is one widow. Let us
dispose of this. I want to vote for both ; I am
ready to dispose of this and then take up the
other. Why antagonize one against the other?
Mr. DAVIS. I want to give this precedence
because she has so much more merit. I think
the more meritorious case ought to have pre-
cedencs.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow a vote to be taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I have made my motion, Mr.
President.
The PRESIDIO G OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that will not be
done.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes fifteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust this bill will pass.
It is one of these extraordinary cases which
hardly ever will occur again. Never before in
the history of this country or of any other coun-
try was a Chief Magistrate stricken down and
assassinated at the moment the country came
out of its troubles. Mr. Lincoln was a peculiar
man. While I was in his political family, if I
may use that term, as one of his advisers, on
one occasion he talked to me about his pecu-
niary affairs, and he put the whole down on a
piece of paper. He estimated all that he was
worth, and it was less than $10,000. He served
here four years, and he could not have been a
rich man in those four years from the salary
we allow the President. He may have saved
a little. He was a frugal man; his family lived
frugally and quietly ; but yet they entertaiued
a great deal, and there could not have been
much left.
A great deal of the opposition to this bill
arises from prejudice—political prejudice and
social prejudice, got up in this city. When
Mr. Lincoln and his familycame here the soci-
ety of Washington was very adverse to him or
to any other Republican family that might
have come here, and they were in a great
measure ostracised. The ladies, and even the
gentlemen, the gossips of the town, did all they
could to make a bad reputation for Mrs. Lin-
coln, and tried to do so for the President.
His career was so extraordinary, he was such
an extraordinary man, that they could not
destroy him, but they did carry their venom
so far as to destroy the social position of his
wife. ["Let us vote."] I do not want to
talk, and I say let us vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to take
any time in discussing or advocating this bill,
but briefly to state the reason why I shall vote
for it.
It is said to be an exceptional case. It is
so, and the circumstances outof which it grows
are exceptional; and we trust they will remain
exceptional. Only one President of the Uni-
ted States has been assassinated in office. It
is hoped no other President ever will be.
It has been said that the Government has
poured out its tender sympathies and the peo-
ple have shed their tears at the death of Mr.
Lincoln ; ithasbeen said that we paid $250,000
for his funeral; and now when his widow comes
here asking for $3,000 for bread for herself and
children, we point to the tears we shed,- we
point to the sympathy we poured out, we point
to the appropriation for the funeral of Mr.
Lincoln, and then shake our heads and ask if
we can be expected to do more 1
Sir, an incident in English history is called
to my mind. Sheridan had been one of the
most brilliant orators of his time; he had been
one of the brightest ornaments in the social
circles of his day ; he had shed the light of his
genius upon the royal family and their court
gatherings. Afterward, falling into the condi-
tion of "weeds and outworn faces," he was
permitted to die neglected and almost alone in
a garret of London. The moment his death
was announced there was the same spontaneous
outpouring of sympathy and affection that was
spoken of by the Senator [Mr. Tipton] this
morning. One of his friends, a caustic poet,
has summed up the case in the following lines,
which I quote upon the recollection of a school-
boy reading:
" How proud they can press to the funeral array
Of him whom they spura'd in his sickness and
sorrow;
Bailiffs maV take his last blanket to-day
Whose pall will be held up by nobles to-morrow."
The widow of an assassinated President
stands at our door asking for bread. I will
inquire no further ; as a Senator and as a gen-
tleman I am estopped from inquiring into the
pecuniary circumstances and domestic affairs
of this widow. 1 see in her only the widow of
a President asking for the means of living from
the United States, and I do not propose to turn
her away from our doors, reminding her how
much money we spent upon her husband's
burial or how many tears we shed at his grave.
She asks for bread; "do not let us give her a
stone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ Mr. Pres-
ident, I propose to vote against.this bill in any
shape it may assume; and the eloquent speech
made by the Senator from Wisconsin and his
illustration are totally misapplied to this case,
and can have no reference whatever to it. This
lady is not suffering for bread. That is a fiction
necessary to the orator, but does cot belong to
this case. She never has suffered for bread.
She has abundant store, and far above the
average of all possessed by the widows of this
country. Any one who knows the character
of this lady knows that she does not spend her
money for nothing, and that if she has ever
been placed in possession of an ample fortune
she has got it to-day. The evidence is con-
clusive on this point. The Committee on Pen-
sions give all the facts. Five years ago this
lady was in possession of an ample fortune.
There is no pretense that it has been wasted
or in any manner squandered. Not more than
the annual income, it is fair to presume, has
been expended.
I am opposed to this bill, in the first place,
because I want that the widow of President
Lincoln should return home and educate that
brilliant boy of hers in the shadow of the root
where he was born. Would it not be more cred-
itable to her and to us that she should return
and educate that boy at home, under American
free institutions? Why should we encourage a
lady of even her high character and position to
go abroad? Why should she be an absentee
from America? Did not Mrs. Madison win fame
[ by staying here at home? Did not Mrs. Polk?
] Why should we make an exception, and give
j this lady enough to go abroad and spend year
j upon year at European watering places? I sm
i not in favor of it.
I Then I am opposed to establishing this as a
i precedent. We have never yet adopted the
j English practice of paying pensions to parties
I retiring from civil service, nor to their heirs or
I successors, and I am very reluctant to begin
< now, however urgent the circumstances. It is
