1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
pen to the State of Wisconsin if we did under-
take to tax the lands of non-residents higher
than the lands of residents, or if we did under-
take to impose duties or taxes upon our navi-
gable rivers within the State of Wisconsin, or
if we did undertake to do anyone of those
things which the act said it was a fundamental
condition we should not do. Then, is it worth
while to attempt to settle it now on this de-
bate'^ Sir, the historical truth is that these
conditions were put in the act and they have
not been violated ; and what Wisconsin has
not done in the way of violation, what Cali-
fornia has not done, the transgression which
has not come from any of these States, I think
we have reason to hope at least will not come
from the State of Virginia.
But after all, if you mean that there is some
particular thing which Virginia shall not do
hereafter without subjecting her people and her
government to that discipline which my col-
league says can be imposed, and which the
Senator from Indiana says can be imposed,
and which the Senator from Nevada says can
be imposed, is it not a little fairer and more
candid to put it into the statute and to give
them notice of what you expectat their hands?
Certainly it is not going to weaken the power of
this Government under the Constitution for you
to put that into the statute; it will leave all your
constitutional authority intact; and therefore it
seems to me quite as wise, quite as proper to
say so, and in this view i have voted tor most
of these amendments. I do not know but that
I have voted for all the amendments that have
been offered on this bill, thinking that after I
had voted for them ail I should not have done
anymore ihan might possibly be found neces-
sary to secure good government.
But I close, Mr. President, as I commenced,
by saying that after all I do not know but that
I could have about as well afforded to yield my
judgment on these points as to fail to vote with
my colleague if I had really supposed it would
havegivpnhimany especial gratification. I know
it would give him gratification upon any great
national question to have me united with him,
as it would give me on all such questions to be
supportedbyhisjudgmentand by his influence ;
but I think he knows that not only in my judg-
ment, but in the judgment of the people of Wis-
consin, neither his political character nor mine
is likely to suffer at all by any such difference
as lias transpired this afternoon in our votes.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, something
has been said of the term by which this propo-
sition should be designated. One will not
call it " compact," finding in this term much
danger, but at the same time the Senator
refuses to the unhappy people in Virginia now
looking to us for protection such safeguard as
may be found in this proposition.
For myself, sir, 1 make no question of terms.
Call it one thing or another it is the same, for
it has in it protection. Call it a compact, I
accept it. (Jail it a law, I accept it. Call it
a condition, I accept it. It is all three—con-
dition, law, compact, and as all three binding.
The old law books speak of a triple cord.
Here you have it.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
falls into another mistake, he will pardon me
if 1 suggest it, which I notice with regret. He
exalts the technical State above the real State.
He knows well what is the technical State,
■which is found in form, in technicality, in priv-
ilege, if you please, for he lias made himself
to-night the advocate of privilege. To my
mind the State is the people, and its highest
office is their just safeguard ; and when it is
declared that a State hereafter shall not take
away the right of any of its people, here is no
infringement of anything thatbelongs to a State.
I enlieat my friend to bear the distinction in
mind. A State can have no right nor privilege
to do wrong, nor can the denial of this preten-
sion disparage the State, in any way impair its
complete equality with other States. TheStat.es
have no power except to do justice. Any power
beyond this is contrary to the harmonies of the
universe.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather make one
further observation and then I will yield. Since
the Senator spoke I sent into the other room
for the Declaration of Independence in order to
read a sentence which is beyond question the
touchstone of our institutions, to which all the
powers of a State must be brought. Here it is:
''We, therefore, the representatives of the United
states oi America in general Congress assembled,
appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the
roetitiule of our intentions, do, in the name and by
the authority of the good people of these Colonies,
solemnly publish and declare that these United Col-
onies are, and of right ought to bo, free and inde-
pendent States."
And then it proceeds to say that—
They have full power to levy war, conclude
peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and
to do all other acts and things which independent
fotatesmay of right do."
Here is the claim and its limitation; the
great claim and its great limitation. The claim
was independence; the limitation was justice.
"Which independent States may of right
do!" Nothing else, nothing which a State
may not of right do. Now, sir, bear in mind,
do not forget that there is not one thing pro-
hibited by these fundamental conditions that
a State may of right do. Therefore, sir, in
the name of right, do I insist that it is binding
upon the State. It is binding, even if not
there, and it is binding being there. Its inser-
tion is like notice or proclamation of the per-
petual obligation.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now will the Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. In speaking of a State
of this Union does not the Senator understand
the term to apply to the corporation, so to
speak, the government of the State?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator,
then, in what way the State of Virginia got out
of the Union except by destroying the State
governmentwhich wasamemberof the Union?
Her territory was always in ; her people were
always subject to the laws of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. There I agree with the Sen-
ator. Her people were always in ; her terri-
tory was always in.
Mr. CARPENTER. But her government
was not.
Mr. SUMNER. Not out. Her government
was destroyed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, and thereby she
ceased to be a member of the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. Rather than say that she
had ceased to be a member of the Union I
would say that her government was destroyed.
She never was able to take one foot of her soil
or one of her people beyond the jurisdiction
of the nation. The people constitute the State
in the just sense, and it has been always our
duty to protect them, and this I now propose
to do.
1 return to the point that what is proposed
to prohibit by these fundamental conditions no
State can of right do. Therefore, to require
that Virginia shall not do these things is no
infringement of anything that belongs to a
State, for a State can have no such privilege.
My friend made himself, I said, the advocate
of privilege. He complained that if we im-
posed these conditions we should impair the
" privileges" of a State. No such thing. The
State can have no such thing. The Senator
would not curtail a State of its fair propor-
tions. When will it be apparent that the license
to do wrong is only a barbarism?
Then, again, the Senator says, if this is already
forbidden why repeat the prohibition in the
form of a new condition? Why, sir, my friend
is ton well read m the history of liberty and of
its struggles to make that inquiry seriously.
Does he not remember how in English history
liberty has been won by just such repetitions?
It began with Magna Charta, followed shortly
afterward by a repetition ; then again, in the
time of Charles I, by another repetition, and
then again at the revolution of 1688 by still
another repetition. Bat did anybody at either
of those great epochs say that the repetition
was needless because ail contained in Magna
Charta? True, it was all there; but the,rep-
etition was needed in order to press it home
upon the knowledge and the conscience of the
people.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is not the great distinc-
tion in this fact, that England has no written
constitution; that the great charter is a mere
act of Parliament which may be repealed to-
morrow? With us we have a written Consti-
tution ; and when its terms and provisions are
once clear do we not weaken, do we not show
our lack of faith, that is our lack of confidence
in the value of the provisions byrcenactingitin
the form of a statute ?
Mr. SUMNER. I must say I cannot follow
my friend to that conclusion, nor do I see the
difference he makes between Magna Charta
in England and our Constitution. I believe
they are very much alike, and I believe that
the time is at hand when another document of
our history will stand side by side with the Con-
stitution and enjoy with it coequal authority, as
it has more thanthe renown of the Constitution.
1 mean the Declaration of Independence. This
is the first constitution of our history. It is
our first Magna Charta, Nor can any State de-
part from it, nor can this nation depart from
it. To all the promises and the pledges of that
great declaration are we all pledged, whether
as nation or as State. The nation when it
bends before them exalts itself, and when it
requires their performance of a State again
exalts itself and exalts the State also.
So I see it. Full well, sir, I know that in
other days when slavery prevailed in this
Chamber there was a different rule of inter-
pretation ; but I had thought that our war had
changed all that. Sir, to my mind the greatest
victory in that terrible conflict was not at Ap-
pomattox. Oh, no, by no means; nor was it
in the triumphal march of Sherman. Oh, no,
by no means. This greatest victory was the
establishment of a new rule of interpretation
by which the institutions of our country are
dedicated forevermore to human rights, and
the Declaration of Independence is made a
living letter instead of a promise. Clearly,
unquestionably, beyond all doubt. That, sir,
was the greatest victory of our war—greater
than any found on any field of blood—as a
victory of ideas is above any victory of the
sword ; as the establishment of human rights
is the end and consummation of government,
without which government is hard to bear, if
not a sham.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question before he
takes his seat. I suppose that if the fifteenth
amendment should become a part of the Con-
stitution this clause in the joint resolution be-
fore the Senate would be of no consequence.
Mr. SUMNER. I bog the Senator to under-
stand that I admit no such thing. The Sen-
ator may admit it; I do not.
Mr. SAWYER. I take it that if the fif-
teenth amendment becomes a part of the Con-
stitution it will prevent the State of Virginia
or any other State from doing what it is desired
by this amendment to prohibit being done. If,
however, the fifteenth amendment does not
become a part of the Constitution, I want to
know whether in case the State of Virginia
should do what is proposed to be prohibited
by the amendment now before the Senate, and
the State of Maine should do' precisely the
same thing, the Congress of the United States
would apply any different rule to the State of
Maine from what they would apply to tlie_ State
of Virginia, or any different rule of action to
