1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2727
under which the old building was sold it brought
only a small amount.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have good author-
ity for saying that the building as it is now
being erected is entirely unfit in its design for
the uses to which it is proposed to be put.
Mr. DAWES. The committee were of opin-
ion that ultimately the marine hospital at Chi-
cago would be the only one for the lakes, and
that therefore a larger, more commodious, and
more extensive building than any other marine
hospital would eventually have to bo built.
That was their reason for putting the limit at
$300,000.
Mr. J UDD. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Faiotsworth] his authority for the state-
ment he made a moment ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I speak on the au-
thority of prominent gentlemeu of the city of
Chicago.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman please give
their names ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I prefer to give the
names to the committee investigating the sub-
ject.
Mr. BECK. I have before me the report in
the Globe which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] says is not correct. But even
if it were, we cannot understand from the re-
port what the proposed amendments are with-
out having before us the bill as before the Sen-
ate, to which the references apply. When we
read that amendment number so and so in an
unprinted bill which no man in this House
except the clerks ever saw is receded from,
what information does that convey to the
House ?
Mr. DAWES. This is like all other reports
of conference committees. It has reference
mainly to four buildings, those at Chicago,
St. Paul, New York, and Boston. And in re-
gard to these I think 1 can give as full explan-
ations as any gentleman may desire. I shall
he happy to give such an explanation if the
gentleman from Kentucky or any other geutle-
man will call my attention to any one of them.
Mr. BECK. I cannot do so by these num-
bers. No one, except perhaps the chairman,
can tell what No. 52 is, or what No. 38 is.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman wishes to
know what No. 52 is I will ask the Clerk to
read it.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether
the deficiency bill now reported back from the
committee of conference does not make a large
appropriation for the city of New York, and
whether a member from the city of New York
was not appointed upon the committee of con-
ference ? I further desire to ask the gentleman
whether a large appropriation was not made in
that bill for the benefit of the city of Boston,
in the State of Massachusetts, and whether a
member from that State was not appointed on
the committee of confcrence? And the gen-
tleman will excuse me for asking another ques-
tion : whether a large appropriation was not
made in that bill for the benefit of the State of
California, and whether a member from that
State was not also appointed upon the com-
mittee of conference? And is it not further
true that it has beeu the invariable custom in
this House to appoint on a committeeof con-
ference the member repor'iug the bill upon
whic'/i the conference was held; and is not the
gentleman aware that my colleague from Ohio,
| Mr. Lawrence,] who (lid report that bill, _was
ouiitted from the committee of conference ? I
do not speak for my colleague, who has with-
out remonstrauce submitted to this inadvertent
wrong ; but 1 think that some explanation of
this is due to the House.
" The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers to an-
swer the inquiry rather than allow the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to do
it The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
who reported the bill} was afterward
orated leave of absence and did not manage
the bill in the House. He had nothing what-
ever to do with the progress of the bill through
the House. Had he done so it would of course
have been the pleasure as well as the duty of
the Chair to appoint him on the committee of
conference. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] who managed the bill
in the House, who was familiar with all the
details of it, and was by all the usage of the
House and by parliamentary law entitled to the
chairmanship of the committee of conference.
Has the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan]
any objection to make to that ruling of the
Chair?
Mr. MORGAN. None whatever; I desire
to do no injustice to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] on the other side of
the Chamber think that his rights as a mem-
ber'were infringed upon by not being put on
that conference committee?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the usage of the House to
know whether they have been or not. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORGAN. I ask permission of the
House to say one word. I have said what I
have from no bad motives. I certainly have
no feeling of unkindness toward the Speaker;
on the contrary, I have high respect for him.
I am actuated only by a sense of public justice.
I do not wish this bill to be thus forced through
the House under the appearance—I, do not
charge under the design, but under the appear-
ance of smuggling through the House appro-
priations which would not be made by the House
upon fair investigation. I trust, therefore, that
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will allow the report of the com-
mittee of conference to be printed, so that gen-
tlemen on both sides, when they vote, may vote
understanding^. I mean no unkindness or
discourtesy to any one.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] is in the dark as to any partic-
ular items in this report, so far as the commit-
tee of conference is concerned we will find
great pleasure in doing what is in our power to
illumine him.
Mr. MORGAN. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts must be aware, as he has
been informed by his colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Beok,] that the
House does not know—I do not know—what
these appropriations are. They are referred to
ambiguously. They are referred to in such a
manner that the House cannot understand what
is intended. We have a right to ask—I de-
mand it—that we shall have an opportunity to
investigate the bill.
Mr. DAWES. The amendments proposed
to the bill by the Senate were printed. They
were brought into the House, and are among
thegentleman's documents. They were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. They
were brought back here to the House and con-
sidered seriatim in the House, and as many
of them as were adopted by the House became
part of the bill. Those that were rejected by
the House were the disagreeing votes upon
which the two committees went into confer-
ence. Those amendments are in print before
my learned friend from Ohio, it he will but read,
or he can look on while the Clerk reads each
one of them.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 ask time to read. I ask
time to consider.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman has not
time to read, neither have I time to instruct
him further than as I am here in my seat.
What can I do if my friend cannot read either
for want of time or for any other reason?
Mr. MORGAN. Ah! I regret that my friend
from Massachusetts has forgotten the duty that
he assumed in this Congress of beiug the pro-
tector of the people's rights, the guardian ot the
Treasury. It puis the gentleman in a had light
! for one who has assumed that role, to attempt
on this floor to carry through an appropriation
bill without allowing—nay, sir, notonly without
allowing, but denying to this House an dppor-
tunity to know what the different items of
appropriation are. And besides, if there !s no
other way toprevent these raids upon theTreas-
ury, to stop this process of taking money from
the Treasury without the knowledge of Con-
gress, by this plan of carrying hills through
Congress without members knowing what is in
them, then I trust the House will adopt some
rule which will teach even the honorable mem-
berfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that other
members as well as himself have a right to
some voice in determining whether or not it is
right and just and proper that any particular1
appropriation shall be passed or not.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. SCO FIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. I will first yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] on
the other side.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the House to a feature of this confer-
ence report which is new, so far as my con-
gressional experience goes. When this appro-
priation bill was before the House for consid-
eration an item appropriating $400,000, if I
recollect rightly, was agreed to for the New
York new post office building. The bill then
went to the Senate, where that item was
amended so as to increase the amount to
$800,000. But, in the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
by a species of legislation certainly unknown
to the rules, that item of appropriation was in-
creased to $1,000,000. Now, I wjuit to know
whether the gentleman who occupies the posi-
tion of chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Dawes] will justify that mode
of legislation through a committee of confer-
ence? But that is not all. They go a stop
further, and bind this Government to a certain
amount of expenditure upon that post office
building; that is, theyprovide a contract which
will bind this Government to the expenditure
of $3,000,000 to complete this New York post
office building. And hereafter, when the re-
maining $:i,000,000 shall be asked for, we will
be told that the appropriation is in accordance
to existing law. Now, I want this House to put
its foot down just there and to prevent making
this contract on the part of the Government to
the extent of $2,000,000. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. DawEs] knows as well as I
do that the Government and the people cannot
afford this outrageous expenditure of money,
and they will not submit to its appropriation
bein'  obtained by this sort of indirection.
Mr. DAWES. I take it that is all the
matter with the gentleman from Pennsylvania^
[Mr. Raxdam,,] because the committee of
conference have limited this appropriation to
$3,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Not a bit of it; and the
gentleman knows better.
Mr. DAWES. 1 take it that the gentlemau
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is aniious
to have this grow upon us, because he expects,
as he said here, to have the management of the
funds of the Government after this Congress,
or to have a share in it.
Mr. RANDALL. When did I say so?
Mr. DAWES. That is probably the reason
why the gentleman wants no limitation put
upon these expenditures.
Mr. RANDALL. I will tell the gentleman
that if we ever have the power he will never
find us guilty of such inconsistency as he is
now guilty of. ,
Mr? DAWES. One at a time, and we can
get along better. [Laughter.] The commit-
tee of conference on the part of the House
accounted themselves fortunate to be able to
agree upon terms which would save to the Gov-
