472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the State of Virginia from that which they
•would apply to the State of Maine?
If the adoption of this amendment is not to
put the Government of the United States in
any different aspect toward .Virginia from that
which it would hold toward the State of Maine
orany other State which has not been in rebel-
lion, X ask to what purpose is it sought to insert
it in this joint resolution; whether we shall not
have precisely the same power over the whole
subject without this amendment attached to this
joint resolution as we shall if it be attached to
the resolution ? Now I would ask the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts to satisfy
the minds of some Senators who doubt upon
that point.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, if the fifteenth
amendment was already adopted I should go
then to Virginia to-night, and I should^claim
that by the fifteenth amendment, the fourteenth
amendment, and the thirteenth amendment she
was bound by the Constitution to do all and
everything that is contained in the condition
involved in the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri. But so far as that is concerned, the
thirteenth amendment is adopted, the four-
teenth amendment is adopted, and to all intents
and purposes, so far as Virginia is concerned,
she has done her part in the adoption of the
fifteenth amendment also.
Now, I feel as confident that the fifteenth
amendment will become a part of the Con-
stitution in a very short time as a man can be
in regard to any future event; but suppose it
should fail, then what? Then the Senator
from Missouri would have us have on record a
condition which if violated would show the bad
faith of the State of Virginia. Sir, we already
have her on record in favor of the fifteenth
amendment, and if she should violate that she
is just as much condemned for unfairness as
she could be if she were to violate the con-
ditions prescribed by the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri. She never can stand
vindicatedif shegoes back upontbat record any
more than she could stand vindicated if she
went back upon the record made by the
adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri. Whatever, therefore, is neces-
sary to be done in order to bind the honor of
the State of Virginia has already been done ;
and if that will not hold her to her fealty to the
Constitution of the United States, I want 1o
know whether she would feel under more obliga-
tions to obey the law of Congress than she
would the constitutional amendments of the
Constitution of the United States.
So far as these conditions are concerned, I
come from a State that was admitted with a
condition-precedent, but there was no penalty
attached to the violation of that principle in
case it should be violated, and consequently
when the question arose on the original proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri I voted
against that proposition from the fact that it
undertook to impose a penalty which was not
attempted to be imposed upon the State of
Nebraska.
Predicating my argument upon the adoption
of the fifteenth amendment, i think I can see
where Virginia would be dealt with under the
Constitution for violating the principle of the
fifteenth amendment. When she shall have
gone back upon that proposition, when her
members to the House of Representatives shall
go there, a portion of the citizens of Virginia
by law having been excluded from the privilege
of voting, then the House of Representatives,
being the judge of the qualification of its own
members, would not allow one of those mem-
bers thus elected to take the oath of office or
to become a member, and not the State would
be remanded back, but the constituency that
had violated a provision of the Constitution in
his election. There is where the House of
Representatives would deal with the refractory
State, and not undertake to remand the State
back, but remand back to his constituents every
member that had been elected in violation of
the Constitution of the United States. And,
sir, under the same state of things, when under
like circumstances a Senator should present
himself here and it should be ascertained that
the Legislature of Virginia that elected him
had members in that body in violation of the
principles of the amendments of the Constitu-
tion, he would be held at arms' length in this
Chamber until a properly chosen Legislature
of the State of Virginia should elect and send
here a Senator in obedience to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. And thus would the
punishment fall upon her first, in preventing
the admission of her members in the House
and her Senators elected in violation of the
principles of the Constitution ; not a punish-
ment inflicted upon the whole State at once
and entire by remanding her back to the con-
dition in which she stands to-night.
"When the State of Nebraska came here for
admission she came here without your en-
abling act, she came here with a constitution
that was formed by her Legislature without
any of your authority ; and yet you cured all
defects and admitted the State. Virginia comes
here to-night, having complied with the law
which you gave her, as certified by the com-
mander you sent to enforce it, as indicated by
the message of the President of the United
States ; and I therefore do not feel inclined to
go back of these facts this night for the pur-
pose of imposing conditions which I feel add
no strength to the Constitution and can cure
no defects in that instrument, and cannot make
up for the probabilities of the loss of the fif-
teenth amendment.
All my tendencies are to go as far as the fur-
thest in restraint and in eternal punishment
tor refractory rebel States; and it was my de-
sire, therefore, to be able to come to such a
conclusion m regard to the proposition origin-
ally before the State as that I might vote for it
heartily and willingly. I could not come to
that conclusion, and I voted against the first;
and deeming that this adds 110 strength what-
ever to the case, I do not suppose, unless a
change of mind very suddenly comes over me,
that I shall be able to vote for this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I under-
stood the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpenter] to state that he had no doubt
of the power of Congress, eveu should this
condition not be annexed to the act of admis-
sion, to pass remedial legislation with the view
of correcting the evils which are contemplated
by the amendment. He did not state from
what source he drew this authority. I should
like to have him point out more particularly
where he .finds the authority of Congress to
legislate on that subject, if he will have the
goodness to do so.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator misap-
prehends the remark which I made. I said
nothing whatever with regard to the particular
subject which he now calls me to account for.
I did say that it was the duty of the United
States to compel every State of this Union to
perform its duty as a State, and that the United
States had full power to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, what does the Sen-
ator understand by the duty of a State in this
regard, and in what way is he going to apply
the power of the United States to compel a
State to perform that duty?
Mr. CARPENTER. I should have to write
an essay of a considerable number of pages in
order to answer the question. I will do it and
hand it to the Senator as soon as it crar be done.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I am very much obliged
to the Senator, but I fear my other occupa-
tions will be so numerous that I shall not be
able to read his essay. [ Laughter. 1
I merely wish to say, Mr. President, that in
voting for this fundamental condition I do it
with some hesitation, for I do not feel per-
fectly clear that Congress has authority, in re-
spect to the particular subject-matter embraced
in this amendment, to legislate upon it. The
subject-matter of this amendment is the power
of a State to prescribe the qualifications of
voters. That is the whole subject. It embraces
no other subject whatever. If the Secretary
will have the goodness it again,, as it is very
short, I shall be very much obliged to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided further, That the State of Virginia is
admitted to representation in Congress as one of the
States of the Union upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of Virginia shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or elass of citizens of the United States of
the right to vote who are entitled to vote by the con-
stitution herein recognized, except as a punishment
for such crimes as are now felonies at eominon law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted under
laws equaliy applicable to all the inhabitants of said
States: Provided, That any alteration of said consti-
tution prospective in its effects may be made in re-
gard to the time and place of residence of voters.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be seen, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the object of the amendment is to
perpetuate the unqualified, impartial right, of
voting in Virginia as it now exists under the con-
stitution which the people of that State have
recently ratified by their votes. Such is the great
object of the amendment. I should be very glad
if the people of Virginia never attempt to make
any alteration ; but should they make the at-
tempt, it is easy to see that the question at once
becomes a judicial qnestion to be settled by the
courts. Suppose the State of Virginia should
enact a statute or should alter its constitution
so as to prohibit the colored people within the
limits of that State from voting, and suppose
the colored people should come to the polls
and offer to vote and bctexcluded by the judges
of election upon the ground of such a local
statute or such a clause of the constitution of
the State. Then a right of action would ac-
crue to a person thus excluded against the
judges of election, and that would present a
question purely judicial, to be settled by the
courts of the State. As I remarked before, I
am not aware that the courts of the United
States or the State courts have ever decided
upon the validity of such a condition, or upon
any condition embraced in a statute admitting
a new Slate which in its nature is subsequent
to the admission de facto of a State into the
Union. It is a mooted question, upon which
different individuals may very fairly be allowed
to entertain different opinions. What may be
finally the decision I shall not undertake to
predict.
This, however, is not the question that was
presented by the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Missouri the other day.
I wish to state the difference. The amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri the other day contemplated the ex-
clusion of Virginia as a State of the Union in
case she failed to perform the conditions which
were mentioned in the amendment offered by
him. It contemplated the expulsion of the
State from the Union, and it was upon that
idea that I took occasion to address the Sen-
ate and to show the absolute impossibility, the
illegality of attempting to enforce such a con-
dition's to expel a State from the Union.
That_ in its very nature is impossible, and a
condition contemplating it is utterly inconsist-
ent with the existence of a State in and of the
Union, and is therefore, in my opinion, void,
as that amendment would have been had we
passed it.
The amendment now before us is a different
matter.^ It contemplates, not the expulsion
of\'irginia from the Union, has no relation to
such an event, but is to be regarded in the light
of a command given by Congress to the State
of \ irginia prohibiting her from so altering her
constitution as to exclude any portion of the
voters who are now allowed the right of fran-
chise in that State. It does not contemplate
the exclusion of Virginia from the Union in
case she so alters her constitution, so that this
amendment is clear of the objection which I
raised to the other.
