770
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, to the crew
of the French imperial corvette " Curieux."
Approved, June 30, 1870.
No. 107.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of Texas.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to adjust
and settle the claim of Thomas P. McManus,
a loyal citizen of Texas and an officer of the
United States volunteers during the rebel-
lion, for ninety bales of cotton, of average
weight and quality, seized at Alleyton, Texas,
in July, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, by
Major L. B. Houston, commanding the post
of Columbus, and turned over to the supervis-
ing Treasury agent at Galveston, Texas, sold
for the use of the United States and the pro-
ceeds paid into the Treasury, tile amount found
due to be paid said Thomas P. McManus out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and not to exceed the sum of
twenty-two thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
Approve*, July 11, 1870.
No. 121.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Jane Dean Bishop.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That fr®m the twenty-
third day of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, to the twenty seventh day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, Jane Dean
Bishop, widow of the late Surgeon Wm. S.
Bishop, United States Navy, shall be allowed
the difference of pay between her husband's
salary as a passed assistant surgeon and a sur-
geon in the Navy, according to the established
rates of pay during that period.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 122.—A Resolution authorizing the Post-
master General to continue to use in the
Postal Service a certain Invention and De-
vice for the post-marking of Mail Packages
and for the more' permanent cancellation
of Postage Stamps, and to make a just and
equitable Compensation for the past and
future use of the same by the Post Office
Department.
Ilcsolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to investigate the right and title of
claimants to the invention, device, or instru-
ments for the post-marking and postage-stamp
canceling in the postal service, patented on the
fourteenth day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, reissued the twenty-third day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
again reissued the third day of August, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, and now and for
many years past in general use in the postal
service of the United States; and to ascertain
and determine upon a fair, just, and equitable
compensation for the use of the said invention
and device from the date of its use by the Post
Office Department, and also to ascertain and
determine upon a fair and equitable compen-
sation for its future use and value to the Post
Office Department and Government while the
f.anl letters'patent shall continue, and to whom
it. should be caid under the said letters-patent
and reissues thereof; and to report the amount
thus ascertained and determined to Congress at
its next session.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 123.—A Resolution for the Relief of Cap-
tain John Faunee, and others, officers of
the Revenue-Cutter Harriet Lane.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the officers of the revenue-
cutter Harriet Lane, and to the heir or heirs
of such as may have died since the transfer of
the said vessel to the Secretary of the Navy
for the purpose of the Paraguay exp-edition,
the difference of pay between that at that time
allowed the officers of the revenue service and
the sum of eighteen hundred dollars per annum
for captain, fifteen hundred dollars per annum
for first lieutenant, and one thousand dollars
per annum each for second and third lieuten-
ants, while they w re employed on said revenue-
cutter in regular naval service.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 324.—Joint Resolution for the Relief
of I. Edwards Clarke, and the Heirs and
Legal Representatives of John T. Peabody
deceased.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated; to I. Edwards
Clarke, late marshal of the United States pro-
visional court of the State of Louisiana, the
sum of six thousand one hundred and one dol-
lars and sixty-six cents ; and to the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased, late clerk of said court, the sum of
three thousand four hundred and three dollars
and thirty-three cents, in full satisfaction for
all services, claims, and expenditures of said
officers in behalf of the United States.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 125.—A Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to donate certain Buildings
to the Saint Aloysius Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia.
liesolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
"War be authorized and directed to donate to
the Saint Aloysius Relief Society, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for charitable
purposes, the two frame buildings located on
ground leased by the United States, at corner
of N street and Connecticut avonue, and now
occupied as Army offices and quarters : Pro-
vided, That said society shall remove said
buildings at their own expense, when vacated
by the United States.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 12G.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of tha Treasury to examine and
adjust the Accounts of the late Collector
of the Third and Sixth Collection Districts
of Missouri.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause the accounts of Charles B. Wil-
kinson, late coilectorof internal revenue in the
third and sixth collection districts of the State
of Missouri, to_ be thoroughly examined and
adjusted.^ and if, on such examination, it shall
be^ satisfactorily proven that said Wilkinson
paid into the Treasury a larger amount of
money than was collected by him from such
revenues, and that he is not otherwise in de-
fault or liable to the United States as such
collector, and that he so performed his duty
and kept his accounts as to be able to estab-
lish his right to demand any sum of money
from the United States, to cause the excess of
such payment to be refunded and paid to said
Wilkinson in the same manner as taxes erron-
eously assessed and collected are refunded
and paid back.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No."127.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Joseph and Matthew M. Merriman, of Hart-
ford, Connecticut.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be refunded to Joseph and
Matthew M. Merriman, of Hartford, in the
State of Conne.cticut, the sum of twenty-eight
hundred and eighty dollars and ninety-six
cents, a tax upon sales erroneously assessed
and collected thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, and not authorized
by a proper construction of the internal reve-
nue laws of the United States.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 137.—Joint Resolution allowing late Act-
ing Ensign George M. Smith a share in cer-
tain Prizes captured by the United States
Steamer Aries.
Be it resolved by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That late Acting Ensign
George M. Smith, of the United States steamer
Aries, who was captured January seventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, on the coast of
South Carolina, in the discharge of his duties
while belonging to that vessel, shall be, and is
hereby, entitled to receive his share of all prizes
captured by that vesseU during the time of his
imprisonment; that, his name shall be con-
sidered as being borne upon the ship's books
the same as though he had been temporarily
absent.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, [resolved,]
That if the money for said prizes, or any of
them, has already been distributed, then the
Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to order the payment to be made from
the moiety thereof belonging to the United
States.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 138.—-Joint Resolution for the settlement
of the Accounts of Charles C. Upham, late
Paymaster in the Navy, deceased.
Be it resolved by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized and directed to cause the
accounts of Charles C. Upham, late paymas-
ter in the Navy, deceased, to be settled and
adjusted upon just and equitable principles.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 139.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Chief Engineers George Sewelland William
H. Shock, of the Navy.
Be.it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America vi
Congress assembled, That the service of George
Sewell and William IT. Shock, as chief engin-
eers of the United States Navy, shall be con-
sidered as having commenced at the same date
as that of Samuel Arclibold, with whom they
were examined as first assistant engineers, and
passed for promotion to the grade of chief
engineer.
Approved, July 15, 1870,
