1784
THEkCONGRBSSIQMLD GLOBE.
March 9,
as I am to fund this debt, I might be recon-
ciled to the provision for opening the markets
abroad ; but I submit to the Senator from Ohio
whether it is not at this time running a great
risk. I know a State in the Union that passed
an act authorizing its authorities to sell its
bonds abroad. They went over there and could
uot sell them, and came home, and the effect
was to hurt its credit., as all admit.
There are three things to be said about this
selling of bouds abroad and making the inter-
est payable there. Ia the first place we are a
first-class nation, and I never knew or heard
of a first-class nation that opened & market
abroad for its bonds. I know little communi-
ties do it; States do it; but a nation! 
Air. SHERMAN. Russia,
. Mr. POMEIiOY. Russia is poor, and is no
comparison for us. I am talking about a nation
that cap pay.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me,to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I desire toask.if we have
not now nearly one thousand million dollars
of our bonds abroad, and if it is desirable for
us to have them returned to. us -at this tUae;
and if it is not, whether it is not importaut to
fund them abroad at a lower rate of interest?
Mr. POMEIIOY. Yes* I understand we have
got them abroad, and we have got them there
without any agencies being established abroad.
Ourbonds will go, when ourcredit is well estab-
lished, into any country where the people want
to buy bonds if we pay more interest, than that
country does. So long as oar rates of interest
are higher than abroad our bonds will go there,
and they are there now.
Now, let me call Senators' attention to one
fact. If they are there, if they continue to be
there by this funding under the; operations of
this bill, you have got to take $20,000,000 of
. specie over there every six months. Now, I
ask you what effect that will have on the
market in New York or anywhere else in this
country when it is known, that $20,009,000
on a given day mustbegatheredup to betaken
to Europe? What effect will.it have upon the
transportation ? Yoft cannot g<et it insured ;
and see what risks you run. The Government
does not want to insure its own property. What
a risk you run in sending to Europe $20,000,000
of gold every six months when it is known and
advertised that a steamer is on the ocean with
$20,000,000 of specie of this government! If
it was for individuals it would be regarded as
different; but all nations seem by a sort of
national law to have a kind,of license to prey
upon national property.- - Suppose there should
be some slight war, or,some kind of "Ala-
bama" should be. got out,.(tnd it .was known
that a ship had left New Y orlfwith,$20,000)000,
as it has got to leave every six months, we rua
a risk which prudent commercial men would
hardly like to rua tuijess they could be insured
for it. .v,j ,
.In the next ptvee<we fjudthe risk of the good
faith of the men we pufc ^noiu^fge. We have.
found in administering pu'bj^c affairs that we
sometimes trust men who do not exentpisegood
faith; and yoa have goi to trust to caryf tb^
money abroad to the goc d faith of individuals ^
and that is a risk which prudent men -ftud -a
prudent Government,$hpaldj>e slow to run.
Tlien you have got in addition to all that the
expense of the offices abroad, which I suppose
will not be very large, but will be something.
I submit, is it good policy for ub, a first-class
nation, to run all these risks for the sake of
opening an office abroad for oar bonds? It
strikes uie that it is doubtful, at any rate.
The power in this bill to contract-the cur-
rency, its effect on national banks, aud the
opening of markets abroad for our bonds, are
the only objectionable,features I see. They
are objections to my mind«.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.}
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
is the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cob-
bktt,] to strike out the fifth section.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me suggest to the
honorable Senator from Oregon to change his
amendment so as to leave the first and second
lines and part of the third line in the fifth sec-
tion stand. It will then read "that the coupons
of said bonds shall be made payable at the
Treasury of the United States;" changing the
word " may " to "shall." I take it that will
accomplish his whole object.
Mr. CORBETT. That was the substance
of my original amendment; but the Senator
from Massachusetts who is not now in his
seat [Mr. Sumner] desired it changed so as
to strike out the entire section. Of course if
the seation is stricken oat the coupons will be
payable at the Treasury of the United States;
they will be presented at the Treasury of the
United States, or any Assistant Treasury may
be authorized to pay them.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not say so, then, in
terms, making them payable at the Treasury
of the United States, and stop there? Then
no discretion whatever will be left to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make them payable
elsewhere. I think this suggestion will meet
the ends which the Senator sesms to have in
view. If it is not out of order I will move
to amend his amendment in that way by strik-
ing out all after the word "States," in the
third line.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Senator
from Michigan that my original amendment
was to make the section read:
That the coupons of said bosds may be made pay-
able at th<e Treasury of the United States or any
of the Assistant Treasuries of the United States.
That was my original proposition; but it was
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts
that it would be better to strike out the entire
section, to which I had no objection, believing
that they would be made payable anyhow at
the Treasury.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to amend the
amendment , as I have indicated, and also by
striking oat the word "may," in the second
line, and inserting "shall."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that that is not now in order. The
amendment of the Senator from Oregon is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr., CORBETT. I should have no objection
to modifying the amendment in that way if it
would be satisfactory to thaSenator from Massa-
chusetts who is not now in his seat. He desired
to have the section stricken out altogether.
Mr. POMEROY. I Suggest to the Senator
to accept the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr., CORBETT. I will accept the amend-
ment if it is in my power to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. You can modify your own
amendment.
^ Mr. CORBETT. I will modify my amend-
ment in that way. That waB really my original
amendment. 1 should like to have it made,
though^ as I originally intended, so as to read
'' at the Treasury or any of the Assistant Treas-
uries of the United States."
Mr. HOWARD. That is just as well. I
suppose that will be the effect of it.
Mr. CORBETT. So that the coupons could
be made payable in Boston or in New York or
in Washington.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest whether if
you make them payable at the Treasury of the
United State3 that does not include all the
Assistant Treasuries; whether in that case
they cannot be made payable at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, St. Louis, New
Orle&og, or Charleston, as the Secretary may
please ? If so, then it is not worth while to
put in anything about the Assistant Treasuries.
Mr. CORBETT. The Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States resides in Washington, and the head
Treasury is here. The Assistant Treasuries fere
ia New York, Boston, San Francisco^ and the
other cities where they have been established.
I think it would be very proper to say " at the
Treasury."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suggest that it would be
of advantage to the negotiating of the bonds
if the coupons were made payable in New
York, the exchange being more favorable. A
draft drawn from any city in the United States
would bear a premium if payable in New York,
and it would be of advantage to the bond-
holder to have his coupons payable in New
York rather than in any other city.
Mr. SHERMAN. The form of this amend-
ment is not at all material. I think the ques-
tion had better be taken on striking out the
whole section, because if the Senate are of
opinion that we should not make the bonds
payable in foreign countries, as a matter of
course, without any provision in the bill, the
payment would be made at the Treasury of the
United States; but it is always usual to pay
them at the Assistant Treasury in New York.
"The Treasury of the United States," is a
legal term. They may be paid at the Treasury
of the United States, but in fact they are
always paid at the Assistant Treasury in New
York. I think the question therefore may as
well be taken on striking out the whole section,
which pre8eht8 the only question involved in
this HQftttcr
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Let the ques-
tion be taken on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no use in pre-
serving the form unless the substance is pre-
served also. I am opposed to striking out the
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
I and nays have been ordered on the question
of striking out this section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
suggest to the mover of this amendment the
propriety of allowing a vote to be had first on
the proposition to raise the rate of interest.
My vote upon this question will depend upon
whether the rate of interest is raised. If we
1 do not raise the rate of interest, then this sec-
' tion ought, in my judgment, to be retained;
i but if we do raise the rate of interest then w 
can very well part with it. I do not know who
made the proposition to strike this section out,
but I would ask the Senator to allow the ques-
tion to be taken first on the proposition to raise
the rate of interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was moved by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Cokbett. ]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator to withdraw it for a moment and
offer it at a later stage.
Mr. CORBETT, I have no olyeetion to
withdrawing it for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to amend the first section in the eleventh line
by inserting the words '' not exceeding'' before
the word " five." I desire to allow the Sec-
retary to negotiate all these loans at five per
cent., if he cannot do it for less. If he can
do it for less, this will give him an opportunity.
As to these other loans it by no means follows,
if we allow him to negotiate them at five per
cent., that he will negotiate them at that rate,
if he finds he can negotiate them at a lower'
rate. He may obtain it either by way of pre-
mium or a lower rate of interest. On page 1,
line eleven, before the word "five," I move
to insert the words " not exceeding." I sup-
pose no one will have any objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wants to
present the question of the rate of interest, I
suggest to him that he move an amendment to
the second and third sections.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am going to
do that as soon aB this is disposed of. I pro-
pose to take them in their order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The words " not exceed-
ing," I do not think at all necessary. It is
desirable to fix the rate of interest in this law,
and not leave it a matter of discretion. I do
not wish myself ever hereafter to confer on
