1870.
THE CONGltESSIONAL GLOBE.
3673
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does it require unani- i
mous consent ? If it does, I object. j
Mr. HAMLIN. Then let us vote down the
amendment to the amendment, and we can ;
then offer it with that section omitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!!. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Ohio, upon which the Senate were divid-
ing.
Mr. CASSERLY. There will have to be
some debate before that question is taken.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The House bill is before the Senate.
The Senator from Nevada moved to amend by
striking outall of the House bill after the enact-
ins: clause and inserting the Senate bill. My
colleague gave notice that he would move to
the hill the proposition which he read. The
vote could not be taken on that. The question
now is, I take it, on the amendment of the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, no.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, then, if the amend-
ment of my colleague is an amendment to an
amendment, there it ends, does it not?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Then is the amendment
of the Senator from Maine in order?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not offered any
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senator from
Ohio moved'to amend the amendment of the
Senator from Nevada, which was an amend-
ment to the House bill. No further amend-
ment can be entertained until the amendment
moved by the Senator from Ohio is disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote that down, in
order that we may offer it in another shape.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected ; there being on a division—ayes 14,
uoes 26.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now offer that same amend-
ment, with the section omitted that I objected
to—the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Secretary read the section omitted by
Mr. Hamlin from the amendment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
by force, threat, menace, intimidation, or otherwise
unlawfully prevent any citizen or citizens from assem-
bling in public meeting, to freely discuss or hear dis-
cussed the claims or merits of any candidato for the
office of Representative or Delegate in Congress, or
of any officer of the Government of the United States;
or the laws or measures of Congress, or any measure
existing, pending, or proposed, affecting the Govern-
ment of the United States, or any Department or offi-
cer thereof; or if any person shall by any such means
break up, disperse, or molest any such assemblage,
or molest any citizen in or of such assemblage, every
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of acrime,
nnd shall be liablo to indictment and punishment
therefor, as provided in the first section of this actfor
persons guilty of any of the crimes therein specified.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Secretary has read the
section which I have omitted; and then I offer
the identical amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, omitting the section which has been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the adoption of the
amendment moved by the Senator from Maine,
which contains the first two sections of the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to know what the
amendment is.
Mr. HAMLIN. The first two sections ofthe
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that those sections
be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sec-
tions will be read.
The Secretary read the sections proposed to
be added, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That if at any election for
Representative or Delegate in the Congress of tho
United States any person shall knowingly personate
and vote, or attempt to vote, in the name of any
other person, whether living, dead, or fictitious; or
vote more than ouee at the same election for any
candidate for tho same office; or_ vote at a place
where he may not be lawfully entitled to vote; or
vote without having a lawful right to vote; or do
any unlawful act to secure a right or an opportunity
to vote for himself or any other person; or by forcc,
threat, menace, intimidation, bribery, reward, or
offer, or promise thereof, or otherwises, unlawfully
prevent any qualified voter of any State ofthe United
States of America, or of any Territory thereof, l'rora
freely exercising tho right of suffrage, or by any such
means induce any voter to refuse to cxorciso such
right; or compel or induco by any such means or
otherwise any officer of an election in any suoh Stato
or Territory to receive a vote from a person not
legally qualified or entitled to voto; or interfere in
any manner with any officer of said elections in the
dischargo of his duties; or by any of such means or
othcrwiso induce any officer of an election, or officer
whose duty it is to ascertain, announce, or declaro
tlio result of any such election, or give or make any
certifioate, document, or evidence in relation thereto,
to violate or refuso to comply wich liis duty or any
law regulating tho same; or knowingly and willfully
receive tho vote of any person not entitled to vote,
or refuse to rcccivo tho voto of any person entitled
to vote; or aid, counsel, procure, or advise any such
voter, person, or officar to do any act hereby made a
crimo, or to omit to do any duty the omission of which
is hereby made a crime, or attempt to do so, ovory
such person shall bo deemed guilty of a crime, and
shall for such crime bo liable to indictment in any
court of the United States of competent jurisdiction,
and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding $300, or by imprisonment for a
term not exceeding three years, or both, in tho dis-
cretion of tho court, and shall pay the costs of prosu-
cution.
And be it further enacted. That if at any registra-
tion ofvotors for an election for ltepresontative or
Delegate in the Congress of tho United States any
person shall knowingly personate and register, or
attempt to register, in the name of any other person,
whether living, dead, or fictitious, or register, or at-
tempt to register at a place where he shall not be law-
fully entitled to register; or register, or attempt to
register, not having alawful rightso to do; or do any
unlawful act to secure registration for himself or any
other person; or by force, threat, menaco, intimida-
tion, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise thereof, or
otherwise, unlawfully prevent or hinder any person
having a lawful right to register from duly exercising
such right; or compel or induce, by any such means
or otherwise, any officer of registration to admit to
registration any person not legally entitled thereto;
or interfere in any manner with any officer of regis-
tration in the dischargo of his duties; or by any such
means or otherwise induce any officer of registration
to violate or refuse to comply with his duty, or any
law regulating the same; or knowingly and willfully
receive the vote of any person not entitled to vote,
or refuse to receive the vote of any person entitled
to vote; or aid, counsel, procure, or advise any such
voter, person, or officer to do any act hereby made a
crime, or to omit any act, the omission of which is
hereby made a crime, every such person shall be
deemed guilty of a crime, and shall be liable to in-
dictment and punishment therefor, as provided in
the first section of this act for persons guilty of any
of the crimes therein specified.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, now this
is really a very fine illustration of the propri-
ety of adding amendments to a bill like this
at this hour of the night; amendments that
have never been considered in any committee
at all, and which the Senate cannot, from the
very necessity of the case, consider as they
ought to do. I appeal to my friend from
Maine, a man of cool, good judgment, as I
know from an acquaintance of twenty-five
years, to think for one moment what would
be the condition of this bill if these two sec-
tions were added to it and the bill were passed.
What do these sections propose, what do they
cover ? They cover the cases of elections for
Representatives in Congress, as well as the
election for electors of President and Vice
President. Now, what is the effect in regard
to the election ?
Mr. STEWART. The words " electors of
President and Vice President" are stricken
out.
Mr. THURMAN. No ; they are not.
Mr. STEWART. Yes; the amendment was
so modified by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] before he left.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it covers the case
of election of members of Congress, does it
not?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, sir, in almost erery
State in the Union members of Congress are
elected at the same time that the officers of the
State are elected; I believe it is so in every
State. I do not know a State in the Union in
which there is a separate election for members
of Congress. Very well, then—now mark it,
and I pray Senators to listen to me—these two
sectious cover precisely the same elections that
arc covered by the bill under consideration.
The bill covers elections for members of Con-
gress and covers all State elections. These
two sections cover all elections at which mem-
bers of Congress are elected. Then if you
put these two sections on the bill and pass the
bill you have this beautiful thing to exhibit as
to the wisdom of the Senate of the United
States, that in the bill as it passed the House
of Representatives, or in the substitute offered
by the Senator from Nevada, there is one set
. of penalties lor these identical offenses men-
tioned in the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, aud in the amendment offered
; by the Senator from Maine there is a wholly
different set of penalties.
Now, will my friend from Maine tell me what
a court is to do under these circumstances ? In
the one bill, for identically the same offenses
mentioned in this amendment which lie offers,
the penalties are $500 fine and an imprison-
ment of not less than one month nor more than
one year; in the amendment which he offers
there is imprisonment for three years in the
penitentiary for identically the same offense.
Could you have any better illustration of the
utter absurdity of attempting to ingraft such
provisions as this on this bill here after mid-
night without ever having been considered by
any committee at all? 1 say the Senate would
be the laughing-stock of the country if it did
any such thing as that.
But, Mr. President, that is not all. What
is it that this bill proposes? I am dealing in
| detail. I think I have proved throughout this
whole debate that I am something of a prac-
tical man ; at least taking a practical view of
this subject. But what further? I ask the
lawyers of the Senate, at least, to listen to me.
There is a class of cases in which when Con-
gress does not act the States may act; when
Congress does not exercise the power con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution, the States
may exercise the power conferred upon them
by the constitution of the State ; but when Con-
gress does act, then its action excludes all the
action of the States. A single illustration will
suffice. So long as Congress passes no bank-
| rupt law every State may pass a bankrupt law,
I or an insolvent law in the nature of a bankrupt
:; law. Every State had such a law so long as you
i had no bankrupt law in existence. You passed a
bankrupt law, and what was the effect of that ?
Your Supreme Court has decided that, ipso
facto, it repealed every insolvent law of the
States; that every one of them became a nul-
lity upon the passage by Congress of the bank-
i rupt law. Why so? Because the power to pass a
bankrupt law was conferred upon Congress. So
long as Congress did not exercise that power'
it was in abeyance, and the States might exer-
cise the power conferred by the State consti-
tutions to pass insolvent laws. But as the
Constitution of the United States and the laws
made in pursuance thereof are the paramount
law of the land, anything in any State consti-
tution or laws to the contrary notwithstanding,
the moment you passed a bankrupt law that
moment the insolvent laws of the States be-
I came utterly null and void. So that now—
!; and I ask my friends to observe it—if you have
! power under the Constitution to pass a law
punishing such frauds, misconduct, and viola-
i: tions of law at elections as this amendment
contemplates it is a power paramount to any
j power of the State to punish frauds and mis-
, conduct at the same elections; and the mo-
| ment you pass this law every State statute
j that punishes fraud at elections, every State
j statute that punishes misconduct of election
| officers, every State statute that punishes frauds
ji upon registration or misconduct in registra-
!j tion officers, falls to the ground and becomes
I absolutely null and void. That is the effect if
! you have the power to pass this amendment
'■ at all.
j I appeal to my friends if they are willing to
do any such thing as that. I appeal to them
in the name of the sanctity of the ballot-box.
in the name of the purity of elections, in which
