187Q.
THB CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
tbe Secretary of the Treajuuj- the,power to
change tie rate of interest, and I think, there-
fore, we ought to fix the rate by law. If the
Seuator thinks four, or four aud a half per
cent, is too low, lam perfectly willing, without
further debate, to take the sense of the Senate
on the question of raising those, rates. If the
Senator will submita motion to change the rate
of interest iu the second and third sections, we
cau take the vote of the Senate, and, settle that
question. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Seuator
will find the words,"not exceeding" in the
secoudsection, and this amendment, therefore,
will notbe necessary iu that section. I cannot,
therefore, understand jus logic why he objects
to it iu this case, which is the largest rate pro-
posed.
Mr. SHERMAN. If he is to issue.it at five
per ceut., he cannot issue it at exceeding .five
per cent. But I will not debate the question
with the Seuator,
.Mr. MORRILL, ot" Vermont. ., I only desire
to make the loans uniform at not exceeding
five per cent., and therefore this proposition is
necessary in the first instance.
Jhe* PRESIDING OFFICER. TKe ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
The question being put, it was declared that
thenoesappearedtohave.it.
Mr. MOttltlLL, of Vercnput. I. ask for a
division. ,. , . ^
^ The question beisgagaui put,, the agres were
eighteen. .
Mr. SHERMAN- . Rather than divide tlie
Senate without a quorum I am willing to yield
the matter.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 2,
section two, lines eight and.nine, after the word
•'exceeding," I move,to strike out the words
hair' and insert the word
If this amendment is adopted
to be followed by a similar
"lour and one
"five."
Mr. HOWE.
I suppose it is
amendment in tbe next section
Mr. MORRILL, of,Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. That will lead to a proposition
then authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to borrow money at fife per cent, onihree dif-
ferent terms. 1 simply .wish, to ask the Sen-
ator if he wonld not prefer one single section
authorizing, the Secretary of the Treasury to
negotiate these bonds of either kind, that is, a
five per cent, bond payable in the time men-
tioned in the first section, or a four and a half
jter cent, bond payable under the second sec-
tion, or a four, per cent.bond payable under
the third section, and give to the purchasers
the choice of taking oue bond or the other ? /.
Mr. MORRILL,.of Vermont. Ofcourse.it
would be quite immaterial; but I think it isan
advautage to the Government to have the bonds
mature at different periods of time; for, with
the exception of the five-twenty bonds, we shall
not have anything coming due until 1881; and
therefore I should prefer to have some portion
of the loan to be negotiated now mature before
that period in order to givethe Government,, if
tliey have means of doing it, the opportunity
to pay it off. . .
Mr. SHER&IAN. On this question I call
for the yeas and nays,
Mr. AVILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
propoge to protract this discussion. I know that
the Senate and the country are wearied with
this debate; but I wish simply to say in a few
words that I hope this amendment will not pre-
vail. I cannot possibly see the object, which
Senators have who are desirous of borrowing
noney at a lower rate of interest, in trying to
convince the world that the United States can-
not do it, and persuade men who have capital
to invest in the securities of the United Statues
not to invest their capital in the bonds pro-
posed by this bill. . . , . . ■
This bill in the first .section proposes to bor-
row. $400,000,OOOrraRd to pay an interest of five
per cent, per annum upon it. It then proposes,
in the second section, to borrow $400,006,000
more and pay fourand a halfpex cent, per annum
upon it; and it has been argued here and a great
parade of statistics from Europe has been made
to show,that it. is impossible for the United
States to borrow any money at four and a half
per cent. Now, sir, suppose the fact to be that
men of capital have proposed to loan to the
United States money at four and a half per
cent, interest, is not that an answer to all these
beautiful theories that have been constructed
here to show the inability of this Government
to borrow money at that rate of interest? .1 am
not particularly authorized to speak for any-:
body, but it is well understood that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in consequence of cor-
respondence that he has had with men. of
capital, is of the opinion that be .can borrow
money a>t four and a, half per cent, interest;
and I think th t be has better opportunities
of knowing upon that subject than any other
person. If would prefer to trust his opinion
upon that question, as it is altogether a matter
of opinion, ttfid one can.have any positive
knowledge on the subject. .The information
that he has derived since he has been Secretary
of the Treasury is worth more to .pie ,on. the
subject than all the statistics that, lionorahl*
Senators can . find in looking, over the musty
volumes of European financial history. ,
. Now, sir, suppose)we determine tbatno prop^
osition shall be made to borrow money at less
than five percent, and at once it is trumpeted
throughout the country that money can lie pro-
cured at four, and a half per cent., I ask if the
people of this country will not. be justified in
condemning us for not taking ,the necessary
pains to relieve them from the burdens of tax-
ation under which they:are now groaning ?
■ I do not participate in the apprehension that
if this proposition is,m,ade and not immediately
accepted it will prove,disastrous in its conse-
i quences to the.credit or the finances of this
country; for I cannot see any discredit in mak-
ing a proposition that is not immediately ac-
cepted, or not accepted at all, so long as it is
accompanied with another proposition allowing
men to loan their money to- the, Government
pt five per cent, interest. ^ >. . , "7.
But suppose |3i^ interest j#, fixejl at fiye per
cent, for this entire loan, the consequence will
be, as it seems to me, that , nobody will, make
haste to take, this loan; but if .it I>e provided
that $400,000,000 shall oe borrowed at five per
cent, and $400,000,000 shall be borrowed at
a lo sver rate of interest, then there will be a
sharp competition at oncefpr the $400,000,000
upon which we .pay five per cent., and, very
soon that amount of money can be borrowed
and tbe interest reduced one per ceiii^ on that
amount of money. - • • , . .
Now, sir, it seems, to me that weought to
make the effort, and I believe, ia,view of what
this nation has accomplished within the last ten
years, in view of its inexhaustible resources,
its growth and prospective greatness, there is
fco-day in the money market of the world a
greater confidence in the financial resources
of the United. States of America t{ian.in those
of any other nation under heaven, ^ X believe
in view of these facts; if an effort igqaade,, if
we give the Secretary of the Treasury the
necessary power,.if we do not tip up his bands
Dy all sorts of restrictions, upon the presump-
tion that he is a dishonest man^ and not to Tie
trusted with the necessary powers to perform
his duties; if we give him ample power, and
verge enough, J believe in view of our^past his-
tory and prospective greatness that this nation
can * obtain "money at four and one half per
cent. , .... •
Let it be remembered, Mr. President, .that
money invested in a bond of the United States
is exempt from all sorts of taxation. Take the
municipal, State, city, and national taxation
imposed upon other securities, and do they
not amount to two or three .per cent.? Is not
a bond of the United States in the city of New
Y ork bearing fourandonehalf per cen t. i nterest
per annum entirely free, principal and interest,
from all possible taxation vvortli more to the
holder than a bond bearing six or seven per
cent, interest of any corporation, and that bond
and its proceeds subject to every sort of taxa-
tion? 1 believe that these bonds would enter
into competition with the ordinary bonds of
this country in the money market, for people
would feel that this four and one half per cent,
bond without taxation would yield them as
large an income as the interest upon the bonds
subject to taxation, and they would be free
iMm all the annoyances that attend the assess-
tqentand taxation ofproperty. If a man wanted
to -make a safe and permanent investment of
his^money he could put it into a bond of the
United States and be perfectly sure, as sure as
thf^t the sun will perform its circuit, that he
will receive his gold every six months iu pay-
ment of the interest upon that bond.
Sir, let us try this experiment. It is alto-
gether a matter of experiment, I acknowledge.
The whole financial scheme is somewhat of an
experiment, and must necessarily be so because
there has been no country in the world in pre-
cisely the same circumstances as now surround
the United States of America. Arguing from
all the lights that we can obtain from every
source, we ought.to act as far as possible in
this matter with reference to (the interests of
the people^ and make an effort to relieve them
from taxation. If we do not succeed certainly
Congress will not be to blame; nobody can say
that, we have not made an honest and a diligent
effort, in that direction. But, sir, with the fact
published to the world—and it is now generally
understood that money can be borrowed at four
and o#e half per cent.—with that fact staring the
people of this country in. the face, the refusal
of ,Congress to allow the Secretary to make
the proposition, it seems to me, will put us in
a very awkward attitude.
Now, sir, a$a matter of fact, if it be provided
in the billJ that this money shall be borrowed
at not exceeding five per cent., that is equiva-
lent to saying that it shall all bear five per
cent, interest. Everybody, understands. that,
and we.inigbt iflst as wjeU.&y at ^nee and be
dope with it,>h*t e^ery dallar, thai 4be. Secre-
tary shall hereafter borrow shall Be borrowed
at an interest of five per cept. per annum. I
hope, therefore, that this amendment will not
prevail. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire to say a single word in reply.
When I suggest ihat the language of the amend-
ment is ''not exceeding five per eent.," the
.whole argument of the Senator from Oregon,
it seems to me, drops to the ground. , ' ( >
The gentleman refers to the fact tbp.tj ^ .-mtwity
documents" have been brought jfor^WThere
to" show that a loan capnQt fep negotiated, at
four and one half per c«jt,! I will say to that
Senator that they are the latest documents
that could be procured by the speediest trans-
mission pf tbfi mails; and if the Senator will
look at/bia own daily paper, to the telegraphic
reports from Europe, he will see that a loan
below five per cent, is an impossibility on the
part.of the United States, for no loan below
that rate per cent, has yet reached par; and
in order to negotiate even a five per cent, loau
the value of our securities has got to be im-
proved something like six or seven per cent.
That is as. clear as sunlight. Then why talk
about a loan at a lesser rate?
The gentleman seems to suppose that an
exemption from taxation is an advantage such
as will induce parties in the United States
even to take this loan. The Senator ought to
know that the very best securities in this coun-
try are offered to-day clear of tax at eight per
cent. I could invest to-day in bonds of some .
of the very best railroads in the country at eight
percent., exempt from all taxation. Then it
is useless to talk about large loans being nego-
tiated at four, and a half per cent. . . . ,
