1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL fiLOBS.
•2 m
tion. In this connection the committee call atten-
tion to the following letter of Mr. Alpheus Hardy, a
well-known citizen of Boston, who has been and is
largely engaged in building in that city. Mr. Hardy
was also ono of the commissioners appointed by
Congress to select the site for the building:
Boston, March 18,1868.
Dear Sir: In furtherance of the question you
asked of mc us to the probable cost of the new post
office in Boston, I beg to stater the city hall in this
city, fire-proof, and in every respect as gootf a build-
ing as the Government should erect for a post ofii.ee,
covers 13,027 feet of land, square feet.
It cost complete, to receive its furniture, with
steam-heating boilers, &c., $440,000, or $31 70 per
squaro foot.
Furnished with every conceivable convenience, it
cost $505,000, or $36 2d per square foot. Our most
costly dry-gootfs stores cost from $15 to $20 per foot.
I am now contracting for a building, fire-proof up
to the third floor, for banks and insurance compa-
nies, with heavy vaults, a very superior building,
covering 11,500 feet of land, at a cost of about $22per
foot.
I am, therefore, clearly of the opinion that the post
oflice may be erected, and meet every re^onablo
want of the Government, at a prico not exceeding
S800.000; say 22,000 foet of land covered, at $36 per
square foot, finished and furnished; land, about
$450,000; total cost, $1,250,000,
The city hall was built when prices of gold, and
consequently prices of labor and materials, were
much higher.
Very truly and respectfully, yours,
ALPHEUS IIARDY.
Hon. I-I. McCulloch, Secretary of the Trcasut-y,
The Secretary of the Treasury recommends that
the erection of no building be commenced until a
law be first «bactcd providing for Us erection and
fixing or limiting its cost. The committee earnestly
concurs in that recommendation, though even such
a limitation lias failed to bo effective or to be ob-
served in SQino cases which hayo I?pen brought before
the committee.' But, without some "restraint, expe-
rience shows that the money of the Government is
lavished upon public buildings without any respon-
sibility, and limited only by the taste or caprice of
the office? or agent in charge of them, or, when in the
hands oi a bad or dishonest man, by his avarice and
cupidity.
The committee also recommend that the contracts
with the Di>: Island Company and the Capo Ann
Granite Company bo annulled, and that no further
appropriation be made for these buildings without
a provision limiting their c^t, and making it the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, or nther officer
charged with the responsibility, to see to it that plans
are periccted and proper contracts mado for thoen-
tire completion of the buildings within the amounts
thus limited. J. J?. FARNSWORIH,
X. VV. U1SRBY.
JAS. N. T7NEK,
S. H. BOYD,
GEO. M. ADAMS,
J. 8. SMITH-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that report was never considered in the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I .do not understand
the gentleman. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. I have
said that I was informed that report was never
considered in tlie Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. LARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts undertakes to know more about
the other committees of the House than the
members of them. It is strange he should
make the remark when the report was signed
by sis members of that committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 hey can
say so or not. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be seen that
the committee of conference substantially
agrees with the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads in everything but the amount.
In that regard the Committee on the Post Oflice
andPost Roads say $2,000,000 for the comple-
tion of the New Y.ork building and $1,000,000
for the completion of the building in Boston.
I will say in this connection that so much
money has already been badly expended in
those cases that it is possible that our amount
is placed too low. But if the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Postmaster General proceed
upon the principle ot letting the contracts to
the lowest responsible bidders uppn a fair com-
petition after advertisement, which was never
done wifh regard to the contracts now existing
for the granite required for those buildings, if
they will do this, and will not-let the contracts
secretly to the highest bidders, they may, very
likely, under the provisions of law reported
by the committee of conference, bring it down
•to the amount we name. At all events, I think
it will be as well for the House ta concur in
the report of the committee of conference and
try it. .
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I must yield in the first place
to my colleague on the committee from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think a very unsatis-:
factory mode is provided by the rules of the
House of disposing of reports from committees
of conference. By that mode, as every member
knows, appropriations creep into every appro-
priation bill, almost every session of Congress,
which if understood by the House never would
get through at all. I do not know that I can
better illustrate my idea of this than by reading
a clause from the report of the committee of
conference now before the House. The fol-
lowing is a part bf their report:
That the IIouso of Representatives reeeijo from
their disa-groomont to tho amendments ot tile Senate
numbered 2, 8, 9,19, 20,22, 23, 28, 20, SO, 38, 38, -10, 41,
45, 50, and 52, and agreo to the same.
This is but one clause of this report, and on
examining it I find that there are seventeen
ilem3, upon each one of which this House took
a separate and distinct vote, rejecting seventeen
Senate amendments in which additional appro-
priations were made by tho Senate, This report
now proposes that in a lump we shall recede from
our disagreement to those seventeen amend-'
ments and just by one vote.adopt the whole
report, thereby conceding that we were wrong
in rejecting the seventeen appropriations added
to the bill.
Mr. BUCK. I will ask thegentleman whether
as a member of the committee he knows which
of those seventeen amendments is referred to
by No. 12, No. 15, No. 17, or any Other num-
ber ; or whether ho has any printed paper be-
fore him which would enable him to ascertain
which item was referred to?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No; I am coming to
that.
Mr. SARGENT. I will also ask the gen-
tleman a question. Does he mean to 'say that
he cannot ascertain by stepping to tho Clerk's
desk th,e number and character of each amend-
ment ; or, that if a call is made for the reading,
of any particular amendment, it will not be read
in the hearing of the House?
Mr. DAWES. And I would ask my col-
league whether he means to say that there are
no means of showing any ono of those seven-
teen amendments, which were considered seri-
atim in the committee of whichbe is anacmber.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will come to that if
the gentleman will give mo an opportunity. In
addi-tion to these seventeen items which we
are asked to agree to I find that this report
proposes that we shall agree to six additional
appropriations, or at least to an increase by
the Senate of six appropriations heretofore
agreed upon by the House. It is quite true,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] has suggested, that members if they
had time might go io the Clerk's desk and take
the deficiency bill and the report and sit down
there and identify and examine each item.
Yet every one knows that the House cannot
obtain sufficient information in that way when
it is considering tho report of a committee of
conference. And besides that the vote is not
taken on each item separately as reported from
the committee of conference. But, as the Chair
has very properly stated, the report cannot be
amended. There can be but one vote- either
to agree to or reject the whole report. You
must take it all or none. And if we are called
upon to vote upon this report without recom-
mitting it to the committee, or without some
statement or report from the chairman of the
committee explaining each separate item of the
report, every one knows that we will have to
vote in the dark, that we will vote without
knowing what we are about. It is not a question
whether we have the means of examining this
report and ascertaining the correctness of each
item. But the question "is, can we do it now,,
immediately upon the report being made and
while- it is .being considered? Wo all know
this is'impossible. We know that these items
have not been examined by any member of this
House outside, the committee of conference.
I -venture to .assert that they have not beers
examined by one. I will say to the gentleman
from .Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and to the
other iahle gentlemen who composed this com-
mittee of conference, that I have entire con-
fidence in them. -I do aot wish to state any-
thing-else; nor do I consider it at all material
as to who composed this committee, except
perhaps as the interest of their constituents
may possibly have affected their judgment. I
,do not know that it has done eo. But I say
we ought not to bo called upon to act upon the
report of any committee without such informa-
tion being presented to us as will enable us to
know whether the committee are right, whether
the report they make is proper in1 every par-
ticular. Wo ought not to act on their judg-
ment, but we should at least have the oppor-
tunity to act on our own.
Now, sir, I object for one to acting upon the
report of this committee of conference unless
the chairman of the committee shall explain in
detail every itam of the report, so that the
House may understand it, or unless the report
shall be recommitted to the Committee on
Appropriations, so that the committee may go
over it in detail.
Jt is idle for the gentleman to tell me that I
can go to the Clerk's desk and sit down and
examine it. I cannot do,any such thing while
tho House is in session. And if I did the iu-
i'onnatioh would be only communicated to me;
the rest of the House would know nothing about
it. 1 wish to say further that I understand this
report fixes as tho maximum cost of the post
office buildingin New York the sum of $3,000,-
000. For one I never will give my vote that
any one building in this Republic shall cost
$8,000,OOOuntil our national debt is first greatly
reduced, or until the great water communica-
tions of this country shall first have been im-
proved as they ought to be, because they are
much more necessary than these public .build-
ings, which aro to cost so much money.
The deficiency bill, as it was reported from
the committee, was largely increased in the
number and amount of sums appropriated by
Senate amendments, and I want to see how the
committee of conference have left it. 1 un-
derstand some of the appropriations are mate-
rially increased.
Mr. DAWES. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] for three
minutes.
Mr. O'NEILL. I rise for the purpose of
asking the chairman of the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Hoijse how hard he
struggled to keep down these appropriations
in the committee of conference. I wish to
know whether he struggled as hard to keep them
down as he did to keep down tho appropria-
tions in tho naval deficiency bill, when the
Navy Department had asked for $4,000,000
to go on with work already in progress in the
different navy.yards of the country. 3 wish to
know whether he worked as hard in the inter-
eats of economy in the committee of'confer-
ence on the deficiency bill now before us as
he did in tho conference committee on the one
just referred to by me. I say that so far as
the limitations which it is proposed to attach
to these appropriations are concerned, th^y
amount to nothing -practically, because they
can be repealed afrany time during this session,
or at any future-time. I should have been
perfectly satisfied, and I think my colleague,
[Mr. Mysbs,] yho-was on the committee of
conference on-the naval deficiency bill, would
have been perfectly satisfied to have had -just
such a1 limitation put in in behalf of the Navy
of the United States, and in behalf of the thou-
sands of men working in the navy-yards who
