1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
No. 140.—Joffit Resolution directing the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue
a Patent to Stephen Marston, of Hartford,
State of Connecticut,, conveying to the said
Marston tlie Lands described in said resolu-
tion.
Whereas the said Stephen Marston is in pos-
session of the following-described lands, to
wit: a certain piece or parcel of land in frac-
tional section five, in township thirteen north,
of range five east, in Bay county, State of
Michigan, being part of the middle ground in
Saginaw river, in the said State of Michigan,
described as follows, to wit: commencing at
a point where the north line of said section five
intersects the east bank of said middleground,
said point being located forty-one chains and
fourteen links east of the northwest corner of
section five ; runningthence west on the town-
ship line seven chains and fifty-seven links;
thence south four degrees and fifty minutes east
(true meridian,) eighteen chains and twenty-
nine links; thence east, parallel with the town-
ship line, seven chains and fifty-seven links, to
the river bank ; thence northerly along the
meanderings of sp.id river to the place of be-
ginning. Also, a portion of section thirty-two,
in township fourteen north, of range five east,
lying immediately north of and adjoining the
above-described land, described as follows:
commencing at the point where the south line
of said section thirty-two intersects the east
bank of said middle ground, said point being
located forty-one chains and fourteen links
east of the southwest corner of said section
thirty-two ; running thence west on the town-
ship line seven chains and fifty-seven links ;
thence north two degrees and fifty-nine min-
utes west (true meridian,) three chains and
fifty-three links; thence east, parallel with
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
township line, seven chains and fifty-seven
links, to the river bank; thence southerly with
the meandering of said river to the place of
beginning, containing in the two parcels of
land above described sixteen and fifty-one hun-
dredths acres, be the same more or less, and
has improved said lands by erecting, or causing
to be erected thereon a saw-mill and other
buildings of great value, namely, of the value
of twenty thousand dollars; and whereas said
lands are in the Saginaw river, in the said Slate
of Michigan, an'd known as middle ground ;
and whereas said Marston and his grantors
owned the land on the shore or bank of said
river opposite the said above-described lands,
and supposing and believing that he was the
legal owner of said lands, he proceeded to
make, or cause to be made, the said improve-
ments on said lands: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office be, and he is here-
by, authorized and diricted to issue to Stephen
Marston, of Hartford, Connecticut, a patent
conveying to said Marston the above-described
lands, upon the payment into the said land of-
fice, by said Marston, of the sum of one hundred
dollars: Provided, That nothing herein shall
be construed to give said Marston title to said
lands, if any, west of a line drawn northerly
and southerly through said island, being the
middle of the river.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
No. 141—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Mrs. Margaret P. Eobinson, of Kentucky.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Quartermaster
General is hereby directed to pay to Mrs. Mar-
garet P. llobinson, widow of Richard M. Rob-
inson, in her own right, and in full satisfaction
of all claims for the use of real and personal
property of the premises known as Camp Dick
Robinson, in Garrard county, Kentucky, for
military purposes, by the military authority
of the United States, five thousand eight
hundred and seventy-eight dollars and thirty,
cents, for the sole use and benefit of Mar-
garet P. Robinson, out of the public money of
the quartermaster's department of the United
States.
Appf.ovkd, July 15, 1870.
No. 142.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the Accounts
of George Chorpenning.
Be it resolved by the Senateancl House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed to invest-
igate and adjust the claims of George Chor-
penning, under the first section of an act for
his relief, approved March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, on the basis of com-
pensation allowed by said act for the regular
service, and the claim growing out of the cur-
tailment and annulment of his contract on
route number twelve thousand eight hundred
and one, on the basis of his agreement with
the Postmaster General for the service, to be
settled as provided for the services named
in said act of March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, and the. right of appeal from
the findings of the Postmaster General to the
Court of Claims is reserved and allowed to
said claimant.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
