474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
passed a certain act of reconstruction, having
prescribed certain conditions, and having
spoken of the admission of the State after those
conditions should have been fulfilled, we are
now absolutely bound by plighted faith. To be
sure I have not that recollection of four years
legislation in the work of reconstruction that
other Senators, my seniors on this floor, have.
I have voted for one reconstruction act, the one
providingforthereconstruction of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas; and for another providing
for the reconstruction of Georgia. I will openly
confess that it was not my understanding that
as soon as the prescriptions contained in those
acts were fulfilled we then at once, without any
further looking at them, would be absolutely
bound to admit those States. My understand-
ing was that when those conditions should have
been fulfilled, as the act states in terms, we
would then review the case, and if we saw it was
reasonably safe to admit those States, do it. I
am, therefore, by no means hampered in this
way.
There have been various fundamental condi-
tions submitted here to-day. One of them was
proposed by my colleague from Missouri, pro-
viding that if the Legislature of Virginia should
attempt to rescind the ratification of the fif-
teenth amendment, then her Senators and Rep-
resentatives should be ejected from these Halls.
[ voted against it. I did so because it is at least
a doubtful power which was asserted in that
fundamental condition, and also because it ad-
mitted, by implication, a right on the part of
that State which to my mind is no less doubtful.
Another fundamental condition was brought
forward by my colleague which, as I am in-
formed, during an accidental absence ot mine
was voted down. I must confess that I am
somewhat sorry for that. I would have voted
for it, because it was in exact line with funda-
mental conditions that had been attached to
those acts by which other States had been ad-
mitted, because it did not violate in any way
those notions which most of us, at any rate,
have of the powers of Congress, and because I
considered it a legitimate and proper precau-
tion.
But I understand that a similar amendment
has been offered with one of the main provis-
ions of the fundamental condition first offered
left out. I mean that provision which touched
the point, for the violation of which we had to
take the reconstruction of Georgia in hand
again: the provision that the colored people
should have the right to hold office. It seems
to me, after that provision has been left out,
that the remainder of that fundamental condi-
tion is rather worse than nothing, and I will
give my colleague from Missouri my reasons.
Had we adopted the whole fundamental con-
dition, covering the whole ground, then the
people of Virginia would have understood
clearly what we meant, and to what extent we
meant it; but having left out of that funda-
mental condition one ot its most important
points,if we now adopt the mutilated pro-position
it may be supposed that we really do require
the people of Virginia to conform to the con-
dition as it stands, but that the people of Vir-
ginia are completely at liberty to do beyond
that whatever they please. I am convinced that
the first condition was voted down, not because
the Senate did not believe in the rectitude of its
provisions, not because the Senate would have
slighted the assertion of the right of the negro
to hold office, but because a majority of the
Senate did not believe in the necessity of at-
" taching to this act fundamental conditions at
all. fthinklam right in making this asser-
tion. If I am not I will pause to be corrected.
[After a pause.] It seems that what I have
said is generally accepted as true. But if we
do let this mutilated provision go out, then the
people of Virginia will have tho right to in-
terpret it as they please; it will no longer ap-
pear that we did reject the other for the reason
that we did not consider any fundamental con-
ditions at all necessary, for that assertion would
be contradicted by the accepting of the Muti"
lated one. I say, therefore, I would rather
pass the bill without any fundamental condi-
tion than with an incomplete one liable to
mischievous interpretation.,.
The Senator from Indiana _ [Mr. Mortonj
has given notice of his intention to introduce
a preamble to this resolution, which in my
opinion covers the whole ground as to the fif-
teenth amendment. Although that preamble
is not yet before the Senate, may I ask the sec-
retary to read it?
The Secretary read the proposed preamble,
as follows:
Whereas tho people of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government waiaa
is republican ; and whereas the Legislature ot Vir-
ginia, elected under said constitution and m Pursu-
ance of the reconstruction acts of Congress, have
ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to
the Constitution of the United States; and whereas
the performance of these several aets m gooa laitn
was a condition-precedent to the representation ot
the State ill Congress; Therefore.
Mr. SCHURZ. ^ Now, Mr. President, it
seems to me that this preamble covers substan-
tially the matter of the fifteenth amendment.
I will not say that this or that verbal altera-
tion may not; be desirable j but the spirit of
this preamble speaks for itself. It states that
upon the ground of their having fulfilled the
conditions which we imposed upon them in
good faith we are ready to admit the State of
Virginia. It clearly indicates that if they should
attempt afterward to undo what they have done
we reserve to ourselves the power to use all
those remedies which the Constitution puts in
our hands. This, it seems to me, is notice
enough to the people of Virginia. It shows
them that we are not asleep, but at the same
time it tells the people of Virginia, "We do
not express any distrust in your intentions;
we declare here that you have done what you
did do in perfect good faith; we want'to treat
you like gentlemen, as we want to be treated
like gentlemen by you." We tell them that
we do not expect them to commit the mean-
ness of a fraud, and at the same time that we
are fully aware that if such a thing should hap-
pen against our expectation we have the power
and the will to redress the wrong which mis-
chievous men may attempt to perpetrate against
the people. .
I am glad that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] was
adopted, because a decent respect for the laws
which Congress has passed would seem to re-
quire that the disqualifications imposed by the
fourteenth amendment should not be_ entirely
disregarded. Whether those disqualifications
can long be maintained or not I am not here to
investigate. I am inclined to think that they
cannot; but they exist at present, and as long
as they do exist we have not only the right but
it is evidently our duty that we should as law-
givers pay respect to them.
Further, Mr. President, I would not go. I
am compelled to say that I cannot follow the
lead of my distinguished friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] from whom I never
dissent without regret, in basing obstructions
to the readmission of the State of Virginia upon
the ground that the election was fraudulent, or
that the test-oath of 1862 should be imposed
upon the members of the Virginia Legislature.
If the election was fraudulent, if we had any
satisfactory evidence of that, then what are
we legislating for ? Then our duty seems to
me entirely clear; there is then no alterna-
tive for us; then we must not say we will,
upon the ground of that election, admit the
State of Virginia upon this or that condi-
tion after the application of the test-oath of
1862, but it is then our solemn duty, our only
duty, to set that fraudulent election aside ;
nothing more and nothing less.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to remind him that the Senate has refused to
hear evidence on the subject? Loyal people
have come up here and knocked at the door of
tho Judiciary Committee and found it locked.
A memorial has been presented to the Senate
setting forth outrages in the State and showing
fraud and disloyalty, and that memorial has
been met by sneers. That is the position of
^ llr!sCHURZ. Will my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts permit me to reply, that
if he himself believed the allegations of those
men, then it was his duty to introduce a bill
to set the fraudulent election aside, and not to
apply the test-oath to the Legislature so elected,
leaving that Legislature in existence.
Mr. SUMNER; My friend mustpardon me
if I differ from him as to the means. The true
way was for the Senate to hear the case, xhis
whole measure has been pushed precisely as
other measures at other times under the lash
of slavery have been pushed, and no oppor-
tunity has been giiten to know the truth. 1 hat
is the melancholy fact in this-case.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, a great many
months have passed since the election in Vir-
ginia took place. The opinion of a very dis-
tinguished authority, which the Senator from
Massachusetts not only recognizes but pro-
duced in this body as an authority in this case
superior to all others, has been heard upon
the subject; I mean the authority of General
Canby. His testimony as to the election in
Virginia is upon recofd ; he tells us that there
may have been here and there some local irreg-
ularities, but that in his opinion there have
been no more irregularities there than m the
elections of other States.
Will the Senator from Massachusetts permit
me to call his attention to another case? Does
he not know that at the present moment the
Conservatives of Texas are coming up here
asserting exactly the same thing on their part
that is asserted with regard to the election in
Virginia; that Jack Hamilton and his follow-
ers are pretending that the election in Texas
was carried by the machinery of the military
power; and that upon exactly the same ground
that election must be set aside upon _ which
the Senator desires that the election in Vir-
ginia should be set aside ?
Besides, wc have been discussing this meas-
ure for three or four days; we have heard a
memorial read in this Hall from Virginia loyal-
ists who made this and that assertion. May
it not be supposed that if they were really so
profoundly convinced that the election was
fraudulent, that the election had been carried,
by violence, they would have used those four
or five months to put the evidence they them-
selves could have collected in the hands of
some of their friends in the Senate, and thus
defeat the statements made by General Canby ?
Mr. President, this hearsay evidence with_ re-
gard to fraud and violence in elections is a
two-edged sword. If we admit it in the case
of Virginia I do not, upon my soul, see how we
can reject it in the case of Texas. If we go
into that business I humbly submit that there
will be no end of it.
But I say again—and I cannot let the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts escape upon that point
so easily—if it was really his opinion that the
election was fraudulent, that the election had
been controlled by violence, then it was not
only his right, but holding the opinions he does
his manifest duty, to bring in a bill here to set
that election aside, and during the discussion
of that bill to force the Senate to take the evi-
dence which it might have been possible to
adduce. Nothing of the kind was done.
As to the test-oath, as tar a? I am aware the
oath of 1862 has not been administered to the
members of any of the reconstructed Legisla-
tures so far. If I am incorrect in this, I may
easily be corrected. But suppose we adopt
that policy, what would it lead to in the case
of Virginia? The bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as far as I know—and I may
! say that by way of illustration, although that
i bill is not up for discussion in the Senate to-
j night—does not provide who shall fill the seats
i of the legislators thus to be thrown out by the
