4618
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,.
Bat I was here when the Pacific railroad was
chartered. I have been here, participating in
ail the action of Congress, since that time.
This bill is designed simply to secure to one
of the branches of that road that which the
Congress of the United States granted it in the
beginning, and which was the inducement to
undertake the building of this branch road.
The aid thus guarantied was diverted from this
road by a subsequent act, passed in 1866, which
turned off the eastern division in pursuit of
another route, leaving this road, built one hun-
dred miles into the wilderness, with no connec-
tion, because the road that was to connect with
it had been turned in another direction. The
whole purpose of the bill is to authorize this
company to extend their road where the other
road was authorized to go, according to the
contemplation of the act of 1864.
Mr. McCORMICK, ofMissouri. I would like
to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 call for the regular
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
now to move to suspend the rules that the House
may resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on one of the appropriation bills ? I understood
this morning, from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that it was very neces-
sary those bills should be disposed of this
week. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to know whether it is in order
for me to say that this is not the Central Pacific
railroad to California which they are now quar-
reling about?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McNEELY. 1 should like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts how many thou-
sand acres of land are covered by this grant?
The House refused to suspend the rules.
army appropriation bill,
Mr. DICKEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Army appropriation bill, and
pending that motion, moved that all general
debate be closed in fifteen minutes.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was then
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Ihe Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hoar in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded with the consideration of a bill (II. R.
No. 2082) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June SO,
1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, I will state
that this is the ordinary Army appropriation
bill. It is somewhat less than the Army appro-
priation bill of last year. It is made on the
basis of the existing law, and has no reference
to the bill which passed the House and which
is now pending in the Senate. I will state,
however, that that bill as passed by the House,
and which is now pending in the Senate, will
make but little if any difference in the first
year of its operation. If it becomes a law it
may be necessary to transfer some of these
appropriations from one Department to an-
other. It may be nccessary in that case to
transfer appropriations for the subsistence de-
partment to the pay department proper. The
Paymaster General expresses the belief that
if the House bill now pending in the Senate
becomes a law it will increase the expenses of
the Army. I do not agree with him in that
opinion, and I hold that the appropriations here
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
will be ample, although it may be necessary to
transfer appropriations from one department
to another.
The President of the United States and the
Secretary of War carefully examined and re-
viewed the estimates for the Army and reduced
them some $3,000,000. The Committee on
Appropriations made a further reduction of
$2,000,000. This bill appropriates $2,000,000
less than the appropriations for the current
fiscal year; but the committee think it will be
entirely sufficient.
The first reading of the bill for information
was, by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payments to discharged soldiers for elothing
not drawn, >200,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after what has just
been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
are hereby authorized and required to transfer from
any surplus of the past appropriations for the "pay
of the Aimy or of the volunteers," not otherwise dis-
posed ofby law, such sum as may bo sufficient to
cover deficiencies in the appropriations "for pay-
ments to discharged soldiorsforctothing not drawn"
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the general and incidental expenses of tho
quartermaster's department, consisting of postago
on letters and packets received and sent by officers
of the Army on public service; expenses of courts-
martial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry,
including tho additional compensation of judge
advocates, recorders, members, and witnesses while
on that service, under the act of March 10,1802; extra
pay to soldiers employed, under tho direction of tho
quartermaster's department, in the erection of bar-
racks, quarters, store-houses, and hospitals, in tho
construction of roads, and other constant labor, for
periods of not less than ten days, under tho acts of
March 2, 1819, and August -1, 1854, including those
employed asclerks atdivision anddopartmenthoad-
(jtuarters; expenses of expresses to and from tho
frontier posts and armies in the field: of escorts to
paymasters and other disbursing officers, and to
trains where military escorts cannot be furnished;
expenses of tho interment of officers killed in action
or who die when on duty in the field or at posts on
the frontiers or at posts and other places, when
ordered by the Secretary of War, and of non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers; authorized office fur-
niture; hire of laborers in the quartermaster's de-
partment, including tho hire of interpreters, spies,
and guides for the Army ; compensation of clerks to
officers of the quartermaster's department; compen-
sation of forage and wagon masters, authorized by
the act of July 5, 1838; for tho apprehension of
deserters, and the expenses incident to their pursuit;
and for tho following expenditures required for tho
several regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light
artillery, and such companies of infantry as may bo
mounted, namely, tho purchaso of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes
and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterin-
ary.surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket-
ropes, and for shoeing the horses of tho corps named;
also, generally, the proper and authorized expenses
for tho movement and operations of an Army, not
expressly assigned to any other department, $80a,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert the foil owing;
For taking meteorological observations and giving
notice on the northern lakes and sea-boards of tho
approach and force of storms, .30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: .
For the ordnance service, required to defray the
current expenses at the arsenals of receiving stores
and issuing arms and other ordnance supplies; of
police a,r.d office duties; of rents, tolls, luel, and
lights; o± stationery and office furniture; of tools
and instruments for use; of public animals, forage,
and vehicles; incidental expenses of the ordnance
service, including those attending practical trials
and tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, $150,000: Provided, That no money
appropriated by this aet shall be used to pay for any
new cannon or small-arms.
Mr. WELKER. I make a formal motion to
strike out that paragraph for the purpose of
making an inquiry of the gentleman having
charge of the bill. We have passed a bill by
which we propose to reduce largely the Army
of the United States, and I desire to know
whether, in making the appropriations con-
tained in this bill, the committee have had
reference to a bill reducing the Army which
we recently passed, or to the law which is in
force at the present time?
Mr. DICKEY. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio 1 will state that this appropriation
bill was framed with a reference to the law
as it now stands, without the bill which has
passed the House and is now pending in the
Senate having been taken into consideration
by the committee. I will make also this fur-
ther explanation, that that bill will not produce
any reduction in the expenses of the Army for
the first year. It may require the transfer of
some of these appropriations from one part of
the service to another, hut it will not diminish
the amount of the appropriations, and I#may
say also that it will not at all affect the appro-
priations contained in this particular paragraph.
Mr. WELKER. 1 understand that when that
bill comes into operation it will largely reduce
the expenses of the Array.
Mr. DICKEY. It will; but it will not have
that effect, during the next fiscal year.
Mr. WELKER. I withdraw my motion to
strike out the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
For establishing and maintaining the national cem-
eteries, $300,000,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move, pro
forma, to strike out the enacting clause of this
bill. I do so for the purpose of making a sin-
gle remark.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise the point of order
that the motion to strike out the enacting clause
is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the point of order is well taken.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I will
vary my motion, and move to strike out the
last paragraph. I make that motion merely to
say that I trust that those who have the cus-
tody of the Army will put it to a better pur-
pose than it has been put for the last year or
two—the suppression of human liberty and
self-government in eleven States of the Union,
and the cooperation with monarchical Govern-
ments that have colonies in America for the
general suppression of aspirations for liberty
upon tho continent on the borders of the Uni-
ted States and upon the islands adjacent to the
United States. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHANKS. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the last paragraph of the bill
the following words:
Provided, That $20,000of this amount be expended
in planting and cuttivating trees and shrubs in the
several ceiaetorics.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House
with amendments.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire, before the com-
mittee rise, to ask a question of the gentleman
who has charge of the bill. At line twenty-
four there is an item " for contingencies of
the Army, 880,000." I should like to know
what that means.
Mr. BEAMAN. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman's question comes too late,
and that he cannot go back upon a paragraph
which has been disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Tennessee
could only put his question by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. DicKicr's motion, that the committee
rise and report the bill and amendments, was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Hoab
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of tho Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.It.
No. 2082) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending J une 80, 1871,
and for other purposes, and had directed him
to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first on
agreeing to the amendments reported bv the
Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were agreed to.
Ihe bill, a,s amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
