3674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
1 am as much interested as they are, in which
I have us deep an interest us they have, in .
which 1 feel as much concern as they can feel.
1 appeal to them as a practical question, which
will be (he most etlieieat, the State laws to pre-
serve the purity of elections, with the State
eourts, the State machinery, with courts in
every county, grand juries in every connty, the
people in every county, to punish frauds at
elections, or a United States Federal court, a
district court, sitting at one place in a State ;
and yet you propose here blindly to strike
down every State law to preserve the purity of
election!
Could the madness of party go further than
this? Could the madness of centralization go
t'urther than this? Could there be inore judi-
cial blindness in the world than this, that you
should propose to preserve the purity of the
ballot-box at elections that cover all the elec-
tions for Siate officers, and couuty officers too,
(for they take place in all the States at the same
time that Congressmen are elected,) by a law
that provides simply for indictments in the
district court of the Uuited States, sitting at
one place in a State!
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow ine to ask him a question?
Xlr. THURMAN. A thousand.
Mr. CARPEN L'ER. One will be sufficient.
Do I understand the Senator to say that if
Congress shall pass a law punishing these
frauds, bribery, intimidation, &c., at elections,
the State statutes punishing the same offenses
fall to the ground ?
Mr. T HUH MAN. I say that if Congress
has power to pass such a law they do fall to
the ground.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it not a well-settled
proposition that the same offense may violate
both the laws of the nation and of the States ?
For instance, does not every Stale in the Union
punish by imprisonment in the State prison the
counterfeiting of the coin and currency of the
United States, and does not the Federal Gov-
ernment punish the same identical offense?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the ques-
tion. There is a decision of Matilda .box's
case, from Ohio, in which it was held that there
might be punishment by the United States
court uuder the express provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States which author-
ized Congress to provide for the punishment
of persons who counterfeit the securities or
coin of the United States. • In the case of Ma-
tilda Fox—1 think Matilda was her name; she
was some strong-minded woman of that day—
who was convicted under the State statute of
Ohio for the crime of uttering and publishing
a counterfeit coin or counterfeit security, the
conviction was upheld by a bare majority of
the Supreme Court of the'United States. But
that is a case—mark it—which has no proper
analogy to this case. That is a case in which
the woman had ottered and published a coun-
terfeit coin in contravention of the laws of the
State of Ohio. The Constitution of the United
States provides for punishing the counterfeit-
ing of the coin; and the Senator from Wiscon- ,
sin knows as well as any member of this Sen-'
ate that it has been a serious qnestion whether :
that authorizes the punishment of the uttering— !
not the counterfeiting, but the uttering of a
counterfeit coin. She was indicted for the;
crime of uttering the counterfeit coin, not of
counterfeiting it. The language of the Consti-
tution of the United States is that Congress
may provide for the punishment of counterfeit-
ing the securities or coin of the United States.
There is not one word in it that provides for
the punishment of ottering a counterfeit coin.
It simply provides for the punishment of coun-
terfeiting the coinage itself. She was indicted
for a wholly distinct offense than that of coin-
ing; she was indicted for the crime of uttering
a counterfeit coin, and the court held that the
conviction was proper by a bare majority.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the Senator
a question with a view to a statement he has
already made. I understand the Senator to
deny that under the power to "regulate the
times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions" Congress has aright to pass this amend-
ment. Now, I ask the Senator if under the
power to regulate the manner of an election
Congress has not the power to say whether it
shall be by ballot or viva voce f
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is anticipat-
ing me. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof." 1 was coming to that in the end.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator had already
spoken 
Mr. THURMAN. No; if the Senator will
indulge me I will come to that presently, be-
cause I propose to speak until about sunrise.
[Laughter. J I never have done so before, but
I propose to do it now.
The question of the Senator from Wisconsin
was a pertinent one; it was a question thnt I
expected from just such a good lawyer as he,
and I have given him a partial answer to it; I
have not given my whole answer yet.
There are certain matters that either the Gen-
eral Government must have exclusive control
over or it has no control at all. If the General
Government has exclusive control over tho
election of members of Congress in every re-
spect as plenary as this amendment supposes
it to have, that must be an exclusive control.
It is not at all consistent with the ideas of nat-
ural justice, it is uot at all consistent with the
ideas we have been educated in, that a man
should be punished twice for the same offense.
Your very Constitution provides that no man
shall be brought into jeopardy twice for the
same offense; and, without violating the spirit
of that Constitution, without violating the spirit
of every State constitution, which contains the
same provision, you cannot for exactly the
same offense punish a man under the State
law and punish him under your Federal law.
It will not do to talk about the fiction of State
sovereignty and the Federal sovereignty. You
who support that are driven to go back to State
sovereignty; you are bound to say this is an
offense against State sovereignty as well as
against Federal sovereignty. You are bound
to say, therefore, that the man shall be pun-
ished twice, once for his offense against the
Federal sovereignty and again for his offense
against the State sovereignty. That is what
you are bound to do; and you might just as
well say that a man who in the commission of
piracy had committed murder should be hung
once under the Federal law and hung again
under the State law. That would not be so
bad a case, for if you effectually hung him
under either one it woold not matter to him
how much he was hung under the other.
But here you propose to take these much-
derided State rights and say this person who has
violated the election law of the State, to pre-
serve the purity of elections, shall be punished
for his offense against the sovereignty of the
State, and at the same time you declare that
he shall be punished for his offense against the
sovereignty of the Republic ; and you propose
to punish him twice. If you had the power to
do it would it become you? Would it become
you in the light, I will not say of Christianity,
but would it, become you in the light of civil-
ization ? Woold it be a spectacle fit to be
presented to the civilized world, to see a man
punished once under the State law and again
under the Federal law for identically the same
crimes?
I see that my friend from Wisconsin is
uneasy. Let him rise and ask his question.
Mr. CARPENTER. I only want to ask the
Senator from Ohio if he thought that would not
apply, as well as to any case, to the repeaters
of New York city ; if itwould not be very appro-
priate in its application to the repeaters of
New York city who vote forty times to punish
them twice?
Mr. THURMAN. I will say to tho Senator
from Wisconsin that my friend from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Casserly,] who once lived in New
York city, has an exclusive patent to answer
all questions that impeach tho honor of that
city. [Laughter.] 1 will say, however, in
answer to the suggestion, that the first thing I
ever heard of repeating, the first thing I ever
heard of organized fraud at elections, was
when the Senator from Wisconsin was a little
boy at school, and when the party to which I
was opposed made the name of " pipe-laying "
eternal in this country. It was no Democratic
Sarty that inaugurated that term ; it was no
•emocratic party that inaugurated the practice
; which gave rise to that name "pipe-laying;"
; not the least bit of it; and it will not do 1'or the
I Senator from Wisconsin, or for my colleague, to
1 appeal to that miserable ex parte electioneering
i document called the investigation of a commit-
! tee at New York of the election frauds of 1868.
I The world knows what that thing was; the
j report has fallen dead, as dead as if it had been
j struck by lightning. I never saw it read, I
j never heard it quoted, and I never heard it
alluded to upon the stump in Ohio, although
| that is h Stato where the stump is visited by
, speakers, more perhaps than any State in the
whole Union. Tho thing fell dead; it was
damned as a mere partisan electioneering doc-
ument to which no attention was to be paid,
and it was simply an electioneering document
produced and printed at the expense of the
United States. That is all there was of it.
What, sir! Frauds in New York I There
are no more frauds in New York, in proportion,
than in any other great city; and if one party
| cheats there more than another, then I must
say that this party to which my friend from
Wisconsin belongs, and which has all the edu-
cation and all the genius and all the learning,
and which is supposed to have a little bit of
the cunning of the rest of mankind, must be
in a state of immense stupidity in the city of
New York. Sir, ever since I was a boy I have
heard this same cry about frauds in the city of
New York. 'There never was an election car-
ried by the Democracy in the city of New
York that there was not the same jeremiad
t about fraud, precisely the same ; and I venture
to say that the youngest Senator on this floor
will not live long enough to see an election in
| that city carried by the Democratic party that
' there will not be the very same lamentations,
and lamentations more touching than anything
that is to be found in the book of Jeremiah,
over the election frauds in the city of New
York.
I put it to my friend, does he not know how
it is about New York? If you want to deal
upon any topic whatsoever you select NewYork.
If you want to point out the place where there
is the greatest cunning in the world in business,
you point to New York. If you want to point
out where there is the greatest degradation of
morals, you point to New York. If you want
to point out where there is the greatest shoddy,
you point to New York. In a word, you take
New York as a sort of Cosmos, a sort of con-
centration of all there is that is good and all
there is that is bad. New York is a big place,
and you propose by this bill to go into that city,
with a million of inhabitants, more inhabitants
than there are in some of the States of this
Union—you propose to go into that city of New
York on the ground that she is the sink of
iniquity, the Sodom and Gomorrah of the Uni-
ted States ; and one would think, to hear Sen-
ators talk about NewYork, that if Abraham
could be visited by the Lord once more, and
the question was upon the salvation of New
York, Abraham would have to jew the Lord
down below the ten men which He agreed to
save Sodom and Gomorrah for, and get him to
accept a less number, or New York would be
destroyed.
Oh no, Mr. President; this will not do. New
York is the greatest city in the United States,
the city that has the greatest wealth, the city
