1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47U
application of the test-oath. In all probability
he desires, as the memorialists demand, that
those who remained in the minority should fill
the seats of those who now claim them by right
of majority.
Now let me call to the attention of the Senate
this fact, a fact which unfortunately we have
been observing in a great many of the recon-
structed States: we certainly give all credit to
the loyal people of those States; our* sympa-
thies are certainly with them; we want their
rights protected; we want them to exercise
their political power without let or hinder-
ance; we want them to have all they can right-
fully claim to have; but I respectfully submit
that in some of the reconstructed States many
of the leaders of the Radical Republican party
have not given us a very exalted idea of their
political wisdom. It is unfortunately true that
in some, and perhaps even in a good many
of those States, disruptions of the Republican
party have taken place, and in all probability
in consequence of some gross mismanagement
on the part of the Republican leaders them-
selves. While I will notproceed to weigh whether
those who by the application of the test-oath
would be put into the seats of the Virginia
Legislature would do a great deal better—pos-
sibly they might—than those who might bo
ejected, yet it is certainly true that it is a very
grave question whether it would be wise on
our part to interrupt all that has been done, for
the purpose of throwing the whole political
power in that State in the hands of politicians
who have disrupted the Republican party there,
and who, to repeat my own expression, have
by no means given us a very exalted idea of
their political wisdom.
We heard that memorial read here the day
before yesterday. I must confess, although
some of the points in that memorial seemed
entitled to consideration, yet there was a great
deal of very small talk in that document, and
I would very seriously hesitate before con-
fiding the most delicate task of a statesmanlike
reconstruction in the great State of Virginia
to the hands of the persons who stand there
as the authors of that memorial. I think it
would require much persuasion to make me
select those very individuals for a work so dif-
ficult and of such tremendous importance. Are
we at liberty to forget that while some of the
loyalists of Virginia come here pretending that
nothing in the world can help them but the
test-oath, another and a very respectable por-
tion, in point of numbers at least if not also in
point of character, of the Republican party of
Virginia come here and urge and implore us to
admit the State of Virginia as soon as it can
Eossibly be done? Is not that equally true?
ioes not the defeated candidate for Governor
knock at your doors and entreat you " to admit
the State without delay?" Are not other re-
spectable Republicans of Virginia here saying
the same thing? And when we come to weigh
the testimony of these two fractious of the Re-
publican party one against the other are you so
sure to which of those two fractions you would
give the preference? Certainly I am not. Cer-
tainly I shall be very slow to throw myself soul
and body into the arms of those who the day
before yesterday presented that memorial to
this honorable body, and to disregard the advice
of all others.
But consider well what other effect the ap-
plication of the test oath and the disorganiza-
tion of that Legislature would have upon the
affairs of the State of Virginia. It would most
certainly tend to throw a very large number of
those late rebels, who have shown and demon-
strated a willingness to join us and to identify
themselves with the new order of things, back
into the ranks of the rebel Democracy. Well-
disposed men of that class would be discour-
aged by our proceedings; for people, however
good their intentions may be, do not like by
anv means to be told to their faces, time and
a^aiu. ''You are scoundrels; go your way."
1 i-ubmit to this honorable body whether we
have any expectation of gaining more by tak-
ing them or by repelling them. Considering
that the only way in which we can form a work-
ing, cooperative, loyal majority in such States
as Virginia, is by drawing the whole number
of those who are willing to join their fortunes
to ours, from the rebel ranks into ours, would
it be wise, when they come and knock at our
doors, to say to them, " Go ; we have nothing
in common with you?" We do not stand here
to legislate for to-day or for to-morrow. We
legislate for the great future of the American
people. We have to achieve that in common
with a great many of those who in the late
struggle of the rebellion stood against us, and
we cannot afford to forget this.
For these reasons I am sorry to say that I
cannot go with my distinguished friend from
Massachusetts in this matter. I repeat that it
is not because of what is said of plighted faith.
I do not understand it so. If 1 considered it
necessary for the salvation of our great cause
I would not hesitate to pile new conditions up
mountain high, for I owe my first duty to the
great cause we serve, and my second duty only
to the rebel States. But with me it is a very
grave question whether we do not injure, and
very seriously and materially injure our great
cause, to which I owe my first duty, by reck-
lessly playing with the rebel States, to whom
I acknowledge only the second.
I, for my part, do not by any means indulge
in the delusion that if we admit the State of Vir-
ginia there will be an end of all trouble there ;
that there will be no more violence, no more
breaking of laws ; that there will be no more
attempts to upset the new order of things. We
shall, perhaps, in the course of events be obliged
to go to the utmost verge of our constitutional
powers to redress the attempts that may be
made there; but I assert, sir, and I am sure
all our friends here from the South will sup-
port me in the assertion, that we cannot pre-
vent those things by mere test-oaths and by acts
of Congress. There will be time needed to
correct such evils. We cannot do it by hold-
ing on and confining ourselves to what my col-
league called the "grip" policy, although I
admit that to a certain point that grip policy
has been doing very essential service. I do
not deny that there was a time when such
things, restrictions, exclusions from the ballot-
box, &c., were indispensable, and when they
operated well; but I submit that the time is
near when the "grip" policy, after having
been an efficient expedient for some time, will
become a curse in the natural development of
southern affairs and in the regeneration of
southern society.
The system of disabilities which is part and
parcel of that "grip" policy will certainly fall,
whether you desire it or not, and I think its fall
is not very distant. I declare here my solemn
conviction that as soon as the fifteenth amend-
ment is passed, and every colored man in the
United States is empowered by the Constitution
to cast his vote at the ballot-box, the system
of political disabilities will fall or it will drag
down the party that attempts to maintain it.
We have to look that fact in the face, and there
is no escaping from it. Considering this, I
ask you, since the late rebels will necessarily
bean element of strength in the southern States,
will it be prudent for us to artificially isolate
the loyal people of the South by excluding
from them, by driving away from them all the
aid thatihey might obtain from the well dis-
posed ill the late rebel ranks? Will it be
prudent for us that we should repel all those
fair advances that are made on the part of late
rebels? Will it be wise that we should day
after day tell all those that are well intentioned,
"You are scoundrels, and we will treat you as
scoundrels whatever you may do and whatever
you may be willing to do V Is it wise to kindle
new and bitter animosities in the breasts of
those who now seem to be upon the point of
losing the old ones, and to do that just at a
period of time when you cannot expect much
longer to withhold from them the power to
act upon those new animosities ?
I repeat, sir, we do not legislate only for
to-day and for to-morrow ; we legislate for
greafc objects which reach beyond this hour and
this single case ; and it appears to me the only
wise policy that we can adopt is, while maintain-
ing an attitude—and I think such, an-attitude
we do maintain—which plainly tells them that
we will not permit ourselves to be trifled with by
them, they will neither be trifled with by us, that
we should encourage every good impulse there
is in them,, and that to those good impulses we
should give as wide a range and as much power
to act themselves out as we with safety can. It is'
time to close up the quarrels of the past which
divided us, and to bring up before their eyes
the great interests of the presentand of the fu-
ture which are to unite us. Certainly, sir, we do
not render the loyal people in the South a ser-
vice if we keep that question much longer alive
which is always apt to stir up again and again
the fires of fierce passion, but we shall render
them a true service if w« adopt such a policy
as will be apt to lead all the well disposed of
our late enemies into our ranks ; as -will make
it manifest to their minds that this is their
country just as well as it is ours; that they have
just as much interest in its welfare as wehave;
that the honor of the American Republic must
be as dear to them as it is to us; that we have
common blessings to enjoy; that wehave a
common future to achieve. There will be
irreconcilables, there will be incorrigibles, no
doubt; but there are also men among thein,
and in my own State I know not a few, who
will come to us as soon as we tell them "Come,
and you will be welcome."
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I cannot
let the occasion pass without saying that the
views which have been so well and so ably
stated by the Senator from Missouri who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Schurz] are the con-
clusions which are ripening in the minds of all
thoughtful Republicans of the South; and I
will state here a fact in connection with the
history of my own State. In our State consti-
tution there was a provision providing that all
those who were disqualified from holding office
by the fourteenth amendment should be dis-
franchised, should not have the right to vote ;
but the friends of a liberal policy, looking to
the growth of the sentiment which we now see,
got a provision into the constitution that the
Legislature might by a two-thirds vote remove
that disfranchisement. At the first meeting of
the Legislature under the new constitution, a
Legislature which was nearly unanimously Re-
publican, that disfranchisement was removed,
and I say here that to that fact we are indebted
for our success in the presidential election.
We carried the State of Alabama by a majority
of about four thousand for General Grant for
President. I am confident, as are most of the
intelligent Republicans of my State, that but
for that action we should have lost the State.
Following the advantage thus gained in the
campaign last summer for members of Con-
gress, most of us, I for one, flung to the breeze
the banner of universal amnesty, I said to the
people, " We have faith in the principles of the
Republican party ; I have faith that the people
of the State of Alabama will recognize the wis-
dom and the value of those principles to her
prosperity and her future, and I am willing to
trust those principles to the vote of the whole
people;" and we increased that majority of
four thou sand to eighteen thousand; and I make
the prediction that upon the same broad, lib-
eral policy we shall carry the State at our next
general election by twenty-five or thirty thou-
sand majority.
Now, then, as the Senator from Missouri
has so well said, when men, coming from
whence they may, coming from the confeder-
ate ranks if so be, seek to join us we must
take them by the hand in good faith, frankly
and kindly. It is in this way that we shall
break the ranks of the "white men" of the
