1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5563
proposition of purchasing a class of steam-
ships abroad.
We have not the time, nor is this the occa-
sion for an argument on the subject; but some
things are so self-evident that they do not need
an argument. In the face of the generally con-
ceded fact which I have stated, to pass this third
section and say that it shall be lawful, against
the established policy of the nation, to go into,
foreign markets and to purchase a class of
steamships for the next six months and bring
them into this country and nationalize them, and
put them in competition with what remains of
American commerce, it seems to me is a prop-
osition so extraordinary that it ought not to
depend upon a contingency, either near or
remote. It ought to depend and it ought only
to be considered in the presence of an absolute
national necessity.
Now, sir, what the complications are to be
in the future nobody knows ; what the prob-
abilities of a foreign war are no one can tell.
I am not willing,_ therefore, that this proposi-
tion shall be divided. I am not willing that
this ancient, uniform policy of the country
shall be thrown down before any speculative
contingency which it is supposed may arise,
whereby it would be expedierit to do so ex-
traordinary a thing. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate of the United States will pause before
it commits itself to an act so seriously affect-
ing what there is left of American commerce,
as to strike out those two sections.
Mr. DAVIS. This is certainly a subject of
a good deal of interest, and the interest seems
to increase as the debate progresses. I do not
think it can be considered at this late period
of the sesaion. I therefore move that the pend-
ing and all other orders be postponed for the
purpose of taking up the joint resolution for
the relief of Mrs. Margaret P. .Robinson.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Senator fro in Ken-
tucky moves to postpone the present and all
prior orders, and proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. What resolution is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion relating to the claim of Mrs. Robinson.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with the present bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 18.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CHANDLER called
>#>r the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. The bill undcrconsideration,
which it is now proposed to supersede, is a bill
introduced into the Seriate to-day. We are
within a few hours of the end of the session.
Any action that we might take here upon it
must necessarily go to the House before it can
be of any avail at this time. Now, I submit to
the honorable Senators who are in favor of some
legislation on this subject, a subject involving
questions of such importance, whether it'can
be matured properly within the few hours that
remain so as to go to the House in time to
receive its action. If Senators think so, I have
no objection to proceeding with its consider-
ation, because it is a very important subject;
but it strikes me that it is utterly impossible.
There are many bills of minor importance, to
be sure, that have already been acted upon by
the House of Representatives, and are now
upon our Calendar. It seems to me it would
be a wiser and better course on the part of the
Senate to take up these bills that can be acted
upon finally, rather than to spend the few
remaining hours that we have in action which
will amount to nothing in the final result.
Mr. SUMNER. The pending bill, as I under-
stand it, is one of immediate practical import-
ance. There is a well-founded belief that it can
be acted upon during the present session, and
if acted upon important results will ensue. I
think that the Senate ought not to take up any-
thing else until it has made a sincere effort
to consider this bill. What the result of that
effort may be, whether the bill will finally pass,
I cannot tell; but I think the bill ought to be
considered to-day, and there is every reason to
believe that it will pass.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron. Cole,
Corbetfc, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harris, Johnston, McCreery, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Pomeroy, Pratt, lliee, Ross, Seott,
Sprague, and Willey—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Chandler, Conkling. Cragin, Drake, Ilamil-
tonofTexas, Harian, Howell, Nye. Schurz, Sherman,
Sumner, Warner, "Williams, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Casserly,
Cattell, Edmunds, Kenton. Ferry, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekers, and Y atej—32.
'So the motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to.
soldiers' cemetery at milwaukee.
Mr. CARPENTER. With the consent of
the Senator from Kentucky I ask the Senate
to consider House joint resolution No. 32-3,
donating some condemned cannon to a sol-
diers' cemetery. It will lead to no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARPENTER. It will lead to no debate.
It is very short, and I presume there will be
no objection whatever to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) giving con-
demned ordnance to the National Asylum for
Disabled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It
directs the Secretary of War to transfer to the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers in Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, six pieces of condemned
ordnance, to be placed in the soldiers' ceme-
tery at Milwaukee.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message fiiom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 1067) to remove all legal and
political disabilities from George II. Bier, of
Maryland;
A bill (S. No. 1021) in amendment of the
act entitled "An act establishing a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States;"
A bill (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal and
political disabilities of M. C. Butler, of South
Carolina ;
A bill (S. No. 10S0) repealing an act granting
a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker ;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 218) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 881)to amend theact to incor-
porate the National Academy of Sciences;
A bill (No. 1050) for the relief of the third
Arkansas cavalry;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 200) for the
relief of Captain John Faunce and others,
officers of the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) author-
izing the Postmaster General to continue to
use in the postal service a certain invention
and device tor the post-marking of mail pack-
ages and for the more permanent cancellation
of postage stamps, and to makeajustaud equit-
able compensation for the past and future use
of the same by the Post Office Department.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief of
Eittenhouse P. Finck;
A bill (H. R. No. 2410) for the relief ci
Sarah L. Goodrich;
A bill (H. R. No. 2411) supplementary to
an act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2408) for the creation
of an additional land district in the State of
California;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of George Chorpehning; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 372) to permit
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow certain
boats to carry passengers and their baggage
between American ports on Lake Ontario.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2209) to carry
into effect the decree of the United States circuit
court for the southern district of New York in
the case of the steamer L. S. Davis and her
cargo.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 880) to authorize the funding
of the national debt;
A bill (H. It. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut;
A bill (II. R. No. 2062) to require national
banks going into liquidation to retire their
circulating notes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2244) for the relief of the
United States and Brazil Mail Steamship Com-
pany;
A bill (H. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarksviile, Arkansas, land district, and for
the establishment of an additional land district
in that State;
A bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1950) granting a pension
to Mary Lincoln ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2169) to establish a port
of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2352) to relieve Vernon
H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, of the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of the amendment of the
Constitution of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 351) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the accounts of the late collector
of the third and sixth collection districts of
Missouri;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased ;
A joint resolution (H. U. No. 236) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to the late President Lincoln ;
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 206) for the
relief of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriman, of
Hartford, Connecticut; and
A bill (EI. It. No. 2111) to amend an act
entitled "An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 4, 1870.
HEPOItT OF A COMMIX I'iSE.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William Powers, of Alabama, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers ; which was agreed to.
Jtl'.S. MARGAIIET P. ROBINSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution (H. R, No. 224) for the relief of
