476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
South. I believe that to-day a majority of the
white men of Alabama are friendly fco the prin-
ciples and the policy of the Republican party.
I believe that if ail proscription and all fear
were removed, and the same freedom of polit-
ical opinion and.action were enjoyed in Ala-
bama that is enjoyed in Indiana or Minnesota,
we could carry the State of Alabama by a ma-
jority of the white voters of the State, and
this policy of liberality has been one of the
sources of our strength. I have just received
a letter which is an illustration of this idea
from an old college classmate of mine, written
from this State of Virginia, from Richmond, in
"which he says:
" During the late war I fought it out to th o end on
the confederate line, and came out at the little end
hora with wounds, and only life spared.
Although i did nothing to bring on the war and was
opposed to it in principle, yet, being commenced, I
lelt myself bound to fight it out on my side as on a
point of honor. But recognizing now freedom of
opinion, freedom of thought, equality of right, and
equality of race, I remain yours and insincere favor
ot conpre.-;sional reconstruction andfuliy subscribing
to all the results of the war."
Mr. President, when I meet that old class-
mate of mine, although he was in the confed-
erate army for four years, I will take him by
the hand as a brother. I will not distrust the
sincerity and the honesty of his declaration
therein made. I will take him at his word, and
he will keep it.
We had a test here in the Senate upon the
confirmation of General Longstreet. 1 have
no doubt many of our friends thought honestly
and sincerely that it was a dangerous act to
recognize that great leading confederate gen-
eral. Yet it was a wise act for the Govern-
ment. In the narrow party sense it was a wise
act, for everywhere we were enabled in the
South to say to the people, " You say that Con-
gress and the Republican parly are proscrip-
tive and bitter and oppressive; but here is an
example of your leading confederate general
whom they recognize and honor by an import-
ant trust the moment that he accepts the issues
of the war and declares his willingness to abide
by them."
I wish to say a single word further in regard
to the power of Congress over these States,
in asking the question I did of the Senator
svotu Indiana I wanted to make this point:
simply that these States when reconstructed
were the equals of all other States, and that
the Congress of the United States had no more
power over them than it had overall the other
States. I did not mean to deny, but on the
contrary I affirm, the power of Congress to
deal with any State, be it Indiana or Alabama,
which shall violate her duty, which shall go
into rebellion. I say further that Congress, in
the very nature of the case, must be the judge
of what constitutes rebellion. As the Supreme
Court have already decided that it belongs to
Congress to decide what government is the ■
rightful government in a State, so in the mat- j
ter of rebellion and reconstruction it is for the |
people of this country, represented in Con- |
gress, to decide when they shall interfere to I
protect the people of a State or to protect the l
Constitution ot the United States, and also to !
decide what shall be the extent and the nieas- •
ure of that interference. j
The doctrine of the resolutions of 1798 was '
that this Government was a compact, and that !
each State might, as a member of the partner- ]
ship, decide when there was an infringement
of the compact, and also the mode and meas-
ure of redress._ Ihegood Websterian repub-
lican doctrine is that we are one people, and
it is for the people of the country, for the nation,
to decide when the Constitution is broken and I
when there is rebellion, and the Congress of 1
the United States is the only body which can .
determine that question. I think that power !
is clear, and that it is one which never for a mo- '
ment should be doubted. We may need to 1
assert it in various directions. The only point j
I wished to make by my question was that that ]
power does not apply any more to the States '
reconstructed than to the older States. I do
not know that the reconstructing of a State
gives any more power than the constructing of
a State. The first admission, the creation of
a State, certainly is as ample a power as this
process which we call reconstruction.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, when the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schdrz] con-
cluded a few minutes ago I attempted to get
the floor only with the view of moving an ad-
journment. We have been in session, with
a brief period of intermission, since twelve
o'clock at noon, now nearly ten hours—much
longer than we ought to be in session. But I
rise now, before submitting that motion, to say
a few words. The Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Warner] made a remark or two that compel
me to say a word in reply.
He spoke of the confirmation of General
Longstreet as evidence of the wisdom of being
liberal to people who have been opposed to us
during this war. I was opposed to the con-
firmation of General Longstreet's appointment
and I am yet, and I tell that Senator that when
his own election comes around again, after he
shall have filled his term, he will find no liber-
ality in the South toward him. We are liberal
all the time to the people who endeavored
destroy this Government, but you will find no
liberality on their part when we need it.
I am in favor of admitting Virginia, as I have
been in favor of admitting every State that has
come here under the regulations prescribed by
the Constitution and laws, upon the most lib-
eral terms. 1 have voted under the lead of my
respected friend from Massachusetts for all the
amendments thathavebeen offered to this bill,
with a determination when all the amendments
were voted down to vote for the plain proposi-
tion brought in by the Judiciary Committee for
the admission of Virginia upon the principle I
have always pursued during my life, that when
you are going to do a favor—and I think this is
a favor to these people—you had better do it as
gracefully as possible. I do not believe they
have any right to our magnanimity, and I know
the Senator from Alabama will receive no lib-
erality from them when the time comes that he
shall need it. And so it is with all the gentle-
men here who are now representing the south-
ern States. I do not believe one man of them
now in the Senate will be reelected to the place
he occupies when the southern people have the
full power of acting as they may please ; and
all that they may do now and all that they may
say about liberality will not serve them in the
hour and the moment of their need.
_ Sir, we had better act in regard to the admis-
sion of these States without reference at all to
personal feelings. We had better treat them
as they deserve to be treated, not harshly and
perhaps not kindly, but justly and with regard
to the future only. We should look to the
question as statesmen ; we should act for the
benefit, of our country alone, without regard to
individuals representing States or to individual
States.
But, sir, I believe this is a question which
requires a great deal more thought than we
shall give to it to-night, and I move now, after
ten o'clock on Friday night, that we adjourn
till to-morrow morning at twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
_ Mr. CAMERON. No; I think we had better
give Saturday to it.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania one>question
before we adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from 1 ennsylvania withdraw the motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. CAMERON. No: but I will listen to
the Senator.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. If the motion to
adjourn is pending it, is not debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. I can listen to the Sen-
ator s suggestion. If I am required to with-
draw the motion, I do so for that purpose.
Mr. 1' 0 ^v LliR. Before we adjourn I should
like to know the opinion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania as to what measures ought to be
adopted. I wish he would give us the benefit
of his experience and wisdom, in which I have
the greatest confidence, on that subject.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator had list-
ened to me he would have known that I said
that I wanted time to reflect, and I want him
to have time to reflect; and therefore I move
that the "Senate adjourn till to-morrow.
Several Senators. Let us try an adjourn-
ment to Monday first.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; to accommo-
date gentlemen I move that we adjourn until
Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. CONKLING. That is debatable, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate a motion to adjourn over has been
regarded as debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will not make
that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws his motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew it.
Mr. STEWART. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT- That when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall not take
any action on the question of adjourn ment yet.
It is entirely premature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. STEWART. We want to dispose of
this bill at some time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This will not prevent
your disposing of the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I will put my motion in
a form that will not be debatable. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. No; let us adjourn until
Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Pennsylvania to
move that the Senate do now adiourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. S1EWART. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas ar.d nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. Before the vote is taken
I desire to say that I regret to state that I re-
ceived a message, a few moments ago, that the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. THCEMAjfJ on leaving
the Chamber this afternoon was taken quite
sick, and is so indisposed that, he is unable to
leave his room and come here to-night.
Ihe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted yeas 15, nays 37 ; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
mlSV11!?3, Iow1"' Hams, Howe, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Scott, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—15.
. >i AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Rayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Casserty, Cole, Coukliug, Cor-
bett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry. Hamilton. Hamlin. Ital-
ian.Howard.Kellogg MeCreery, McDonald. Morrill
ot Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Robert -
son, Ross, Sawyer, bcSrnrz, Sherman, Stewart, Stock-
i' "i1, lt;kers, Warner, Willey, Williams,
and J. {tcc?—,_> i,
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattail, Chandler, Cragin,
Bicike. (filbert, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Kice.Sauis-
bury, Spencer, Spraguc, and Tkuruian—l:j.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I move now that when
the senate does adjourn to-day it adiourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mi. STEWARl. I object to that motion,
and raise a point of order upon it.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
JS evada wiU^state his point of order.
Mr. STEWART. There is other business
^erU a motion cannot be made while
other business is pending. The bill for the
admission of Virginia is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. There is nothing iu that
point ot order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
