5564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Kentucky, is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
motion made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] to recommit the resolution
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to give me leave to call up a bill
which will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky cannot give leave to any
, one to take up a bill. Nothing except this
joiut resolution can be proceeded with with-
out the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mx\ DAVIS. I am very glad to hear that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Another bill
can be proceeded with by unanimous consent,
but not by the consent of any one Senator.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Then I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider a little
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. There are so many friends
here who desire to intervene with little bills
that I find it impossible to discriminate between
them; and therefore I hope they will allow the
little bill now before tsie Senate to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky objects to any other bill being
taken up.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that all other
orders be suspended, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 701.
Mr. DAVIS. I must insist on proceeding
with ray bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky objects. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to recommit the pending joint resolution to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor
on the pending question.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts believes he always has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; I beg the Senator's
pardon. I was speaking oil the question.
Mr. PRATT. I was recognized bythe Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts did not claim the floor,
and the Chair recognized the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Chair will notice
that I was speaking when this bill went over
before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair was not in the chair at
that time.
Mr. SUMNER. However, I am perfectly
willing to postpone anything I have to say for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to submit to the Sen-
ate a single remark in opposition to the motion
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, to
recommit this joint resolution to the Commit-
tee on Claims. Most of the members of that
committee are present here in the Senate to-
day, and they will bear me testimony that there
was no case considered by that committee with
more care than that of Mrs. Margaret Robin-
son. That claim was first instituted in the
quartermaster's department, it was fully con-
sidered.
As I had occasion to state before, when I was
up, assistant quartermaster E. 1?. Whitman
reported in favor of the entire claim, after a
most careful examination instituted in central
Kentucky, where this farm is located. In his
report to General Swords, assistant quarter-
master general, he found that there was due
' Colonel Robinson the sum of §13,293 30.
That was made up of three items: first, the
rent of the farm, $7,420 ; second, the item for
post and rail fence, $1,098 80; third, for tim-
ber cut and consumed, $2,500.
This officer of the Government, I repeat,
after a careful examination and listening to
testimony, found that this amount was due
from the Government to Colonel Robinson.
This report of Major Whitman, submitted to
General Thomas Swords, was approved by the
latter officer. But General D. H. Rucker,
acting Quartermaster General, in his report to
the Secretary of War, while concurring in the
recommendation of General Swords for the
payment of the rent of $7,420, dissented from
the report as to the remaining items for the
destruction of the fences and timber. That is
the precise question submitted to the Senate—
whether these items thus discarded by General
Rucker shall be allowed.
In favor of these two items what do we have?
First, the report of Major Whitman ; second,
the report of General Swords ; next, the pas-
sage of this joint resolution by the House of
Representatives, indorsing this claim as just;
and nest, the report of the Committee on
Claims of this body, reporting that this bal-
ance of $5,878 30, which was disallowed by
General Rucker and the Secretary of War, is
justly due to Mrs. Robinson as the represent-
ative of Colonel Robinson.
Now, what is to be gained by recommitting
this joint resolution to the Committee on Claims?
This claim has been before the country for
upward of three years. Itwasfirslfiledwiththe
Quartermaster General in 1867. What evidence
has the Senator from Massachusetts adduced
to-day that should lead us to recommit the
joint resolution to the Committee on Claims?
Who is it that furnishes the information
which he has read to the Senate to-day? He
refused to give the name of the writer. I
demand that name. I thought it was due to
the Senate that he should furnish it that we
might know whether he was a credible witness
or not. Now, upon the allegation of an anony-
mous writer, whom I have denounced upon
this floor on the authority of Mrs. Robinson,
for she suspects who the writer is as an enemy
of the family ; whose statements I have de-
nounced, or if I have not, I denounce now,
upon the authority of Mrs. Robinson, as false ;
are we on this state of facts to recommit this
joint resolution to the Committee on Claims?
That is the precise question. To do so is to
ignore all these various investigations by Major
Whitman, by General Swords, by the House of
Representatives, and by the Committee on
Claims of this body. I hope that the motion
to recommit will be voted down.
Now, sir, it is proper that I should say that
I should not have taken this prominent part in
the advocacy of this claim, seeing that Mrs.
Robinson belongs to the State of Kentucky,
were it not that this subject was referred to me
as a sub-committee of the Committee on Claims,
and I had occasion.to investigate it, and I in-
vestigated it fully, and the result is found in
this report of six pages, which I had the honor
to submit to the Senate on the 27th of April,
1870. That is all I have to say against this
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. When this joint resolution
was under discussion during the morning hour
1 was on the floor, as you would remember, sir,
if you had been in the chair at the time when
the hammer fell and announced the regular
order, being the bill for the payment of Mrs.
Lincoln's pension. It was on that account
that I presumed to suggest a few moments ago,
when the joint resolution was called up, that
I should be allowed to continue tne remarks I
was making when the resolution before dropped
out of sight. The Senator from Indiana in the
ardor ot his advocacy insisted upon the floor.
I am very glad, indeed, that he had it. I would
cheerfully yield to him at any time. Certainly
I never would take the floor from bun, who
occupies it always so ably, and I know so sin-
cerely. I cannot see this case as he sees it., as
I cannot see many other cases as he sees them ;
but I have infinite respect for the ability and
sincerity which he brings to this class of cases.
I do not know that you will remember, sir.
that when the joint resolution was under dis-
cussion before, I was replying to the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Sir. Howe,] who had intro-
duced, by way of illustration, the case of a
claim reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and he undertook to show that
claims reported by that committee met with a
very different favor from claims reported by the
Committee on Claims. He made a distinction
between the claim of the Peruvian, Montano,
which was attached to an appropriation bill
last evening, and the pending measure. I was
engaged in showing what is the true nature of
the Montano case. I did not introduce the
question. It was introduced by the Senator
from Wisconsin, who is associated with the
Senator from Indianain sustaining the present
claim. I was replying to him. I was giving
the history of the Montano case. I had shown
that whatever might have been its original mer-
its, it was recognized in 1863 by a joint com-
mission constituted under a treaty between the
United States and Peru, and that that com-
mission had solemnly adjudicated upon it. I
had proceeded to say that our Government in-
stead of paying the award of the commission
in 1863, in coin, had paid it in tne depreciated
currency of our county, which at that time was
at its lowest ebb; that on that account this
claimant appeared at your bar with a petition
asking Congress to pay him the difference be-
tween coin and the depreciated currency of
the country which he had received ; that the
Senate voted to make that payment to him, but
that the bill failed in the other House. I had
arrived, I believe, at that point in making my
statement; and now, with the permission of
the Senate, I will proceed.
Another commission has been, since then,
constituted for the adjudication of the claims
of Peruvians on the United States, and of
citizens of the United States on Peru. That
commission met at Lima some time in Febru-
ary-of the present year, when it heard the
claims severally exhibited, being on the part
of the United States a considerable number,
while on the part of Peru there appears to
have been but one ; that of Esteban G. Mon-
tano. The claimants of the United States,
eight in number, received awards in their
favor, amounting in all to $209,971 15, while
on the other hand only a single Peruvian,
Montano, received an award in his favor.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts yield to me to make a
report from a committee of conference?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
naval appropriation BILL.
Mr. DRAKE. I submit a report from tlie
committee of conference on the naval appro-
priation bill.
The report was read, as follows :
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (XI. It. So. 1533) making appropriations for the
liava! serrico for the year ending June 30,1871, hav-
ing met, alter full and (ree conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as loliowa:
That, the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 24, 23, 30, 31, 35, 71, and 83.
Tnat tho House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3. 4, 9,
17, 18, It), 20, 20, 41. 45. GO, 61, 62, 63, (>i, 05, Go, and 85;
and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the filth amendment of the iSenate, and agree to the
same.
That tho House recede from their disflgreementto
tho si: 11 ' ...
same i
Jars " uown to and including tho word "dollars in
lino three; and tho Senate a^ree to the s.nne.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Seaa'e, and agree ti.
tho same with the following amendments: in lieu.
ot the word inserted by said amendment insert tho
word ' -fourteen;'' and on page 4, line sixteen of the
bill, strike out the word "nine" and inseri
ven;" and the Senate
t ia lieu
agree to the
rhe word
same.
'l'liat the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree in
,( the same with the following amendment: strike out
11 alt a>ter the word "dollars," in line two of said
