1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2738
house of correction in tiie district.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, -With a
recommendation that the same do pass, a bill
(13. JR. No. 1025}) -"to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish in the District of Colum-
bia a house of correction for boys," approved
July 25, 1860.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WELKER. I call the previous ques-
tion on that question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion w.as agreed to.
washington homeopathic medical society.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
an amendment, Senate bill No. 226, to incor-
porate the Washington Homeopathic Medical
Society.
The amendment was to strike out the third
section of the bill, which provided that the
members of the society should not be liable to
be mustered in. the militia of the District of
Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was then read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
metropolitan police of washington.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
reported back a resolution relating to the pay-
ment of the Metropolitan police of Washing-
ton, together with a report in writing, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the farther consideration of the resolution and
that the same be laid on the table, aud that
the report be printed. ^ ,
The motion was agreed to; and it wasordereu
accordingly.
improvement of streets of georgetown.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 1635, to
authorize the corporate authorities of the city
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
to pave and improve the streets thereof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■jail in tiie district.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. COS, to amend an act entitled "An act
authorizing the construction of a jail in ana
for the District of Columbia," approved July
25, 1866, and moved that the same be referred
to the Committee of the Whole oil the 1 rivate
Calendar. ,
The motion was agreed toj.and it was orcieiea
accordingly.
mechanics' liens, etc.
Mr. STONE, from the samo committee, also
reported back, with a substitute, House bill N o.
883, to amend an act entitled "An act for the
enforcement of mechanics' liens on buildings,
&c., in the District of Columbia," approved
February 2, 1859. .
The substitute was to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That any sub-contractor, journeyman, or laborer
employed m the construction or repairing of any
building, or iu furnishing any materials or machin-
ery, for the same, may at any tuno give the owner
thereof notice in writing, particularly setting forth
tbe.amount of his claim and the service rendered,
for which his employer is indebted to him, and that
he holds the owner responsible for the same, and the
owner of the building shall bo liable for s-uch claim,
but not to exceed tho amount duo from liim to fbe
employer at the time of notice, or subsequently,
which may be recovered in an action.
SeC. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That whenever
any sub-contractor, journeyman, or laborer shall
recover any such claim from tho owner of the build-
ing the samo may be set off by such owner in any
action brought against him. by tho person who olaei-
wise would bo entitled to recover the same under
contract.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on tlie
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
university ior the blind.
Mr. STONE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with amendments, House bill
No. 049, to incorporate the University for the
Blind in tho District of Colombia.
The bill was read; and the amendments
reported by the committee were agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, this seems
to roe a rather important bill; and we cannot
u ndorstand fully i: s purport and effect from its
■hasty reading by the Clerk. I would like,
therefore, to hear a statement in regard to it
from the chairman of the committee, or from
the gentleman reporting the bill.
Mr. STONE. Theobjcctofthebillistoestab-
lish a printing-house for the publication of books
for tho bliiid. The president and secretaries
of State boards interested in this subject are
by the bill made corporators of this associa-
tion. No State alone has boon able to raise
sullicient funds to establish such a printing-
house. Hence originated the idea of a national
institution of this kind. If sullicient funds
can be obtained the purpose is, as expressed
in the bill, to return to each contributing State
its share of books for use in State institutions,
or to distribute scholarships in this national
university, if it should be established. The
institutions of this kind already existing for
printing books with raised letters ftre stnall,
and there is a necessity for a more enlarged
organization.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 do not, of course, object
to the incorporation of any private association
for charitable purposes; but I am unwilling
that we shall authorize an institution ot this
kind if it is to become a tax upon the General
Government.
Mr. STONE. Not a dollar of appropriation
is asked or expected for this institution. _
Mr. NIBLACK. We have in this District
several institutions which were started origin-
ally in a moderate sort of way upon tho sup-
position that they wore to be supported by
private contributions, but which have by some
indefinite, imperceptible influence become to
a large extent charges upon the public Treas-
ury. While the people of the District enjoy
the benefits of these institutions to the almost
entfre exclusion of the people ot the respect-
ive States, yet the General Government con-
tributes mainly, if not altogether, the funds
which support them. I do not wish to object
to the establishment of any institution ot a
benevolent character; but I object to anything
which is to be an entering-wedge for continu-
ing still further the system by which the Gen-
eial Government supports institutions which
benefit chiefly the people of this District, who
do not. contribute anything for their support.
I think we should establish some system by
which the taxable property of the District shal.1
be made to contribute hereafter to the support
of these public institutions of a charitablecliajr-
aeter, Congress giving appropriations only in
proportion to the amount of the national prop-
erty in tho District, or contributing aecoiding
to some other recognized and just rule. I
desire, therefore, that we shall not in this ease,
under the pretense of establishing a publishing
house in the District of Columbia, create an
institution to be supported hereafter by the
General Government, while the people of the
District enjoy almost exclusively its advantages.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I concur in the
views which the gentleman from Indiana has
expressed on this subject., Speaking for my,-
self as a member of the committee, I will say
that I have tried very "faithfully to guard
against any well-grounded expectation that
this corporation is to rcceiveany pecuniary aid
whatever from tho Government. I have de-
clared myself opposed to any such appropria-
tions. I believe the bill is so framed that there
is no reason why such an appropriation should
be made. 1 will state further, thatthe reason
I was in favor of granting the special charter,
instead of requiring the association u>_ seek
incorporation under the general bill which this
House has passed, is that it became neces-
sary, in'order to secure concert of action iu
preparing these'books for the blind, that the
different State societies aiid'assoeiatioiis'should
have,same common center wh'ero they should
be all represented, where the suggestions of
all might be considered and the funds of all
used. Hence it was thought best to incorpor-
ate by special act the officers of different State
institutions having ft common object. For this
reason I consented that this special act. of in-
corporation should be reported favorably. J
will state further, that no appropriation is
made in this bill, and there is nO reason why
an appropriation should be made hereafter for
the benefit of this corporation that would not
be equally strong in favor of a corporation
organized under the general law. In either
event I should be opposed to any appropria-
tion by act of Congress.
Mr. NI BLACK. I am glad to hear that tho
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. tiboK] concurs
in tny views, and that this bill has been so
framed that the interests of the General Gov-
ernment will be entirely safe. I have always
labored for tho interests of the people of the
District, and I consider that one of the chief
sins of which Congress has been guilty is its
inattention heretofore to matters essential to
the welfare of the District. All tho anxiety 1
have on this question is that we shall not under
tho name of a charitable institution incorporate
something which is likely to become hereafter
a charge upon the national Treasury, T only
insist that in whatever we shall do hereafter in
regard to these matters we shall follow some
system which, while being just to the Govern-
ment, is at the same time fair and liberal to
the whole people.
Mr. COOK. The reason why aid has been
claimed for these charitable institutions is that
the Government of the United States has
named some of the officers; that some of the
administrators of the charity have been ap-
pointed by somo one of the executive officers
of the Government. I  this way the Govern-
ment has been connected with them.
Mr. NIBLACK. Always indirectly, never
directly.
Mr. COOK. There is nothing of the sort
to which the gentleman objects in this bill.
Sir. NIBLACK. With that assurance on
the part of the chairman of the committee I
will make no further objection.
Mr. STONE. I demand the previous qtios-
* °The previous question was seconded mid the
main question ordered.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
