1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4621
in industry, and in sterling integrity they
would compare favorably with a like number
taken from any other community in this Union.
Tliey perform all the duties, and they desire to
be admitted to all the privileges of citizens of
the United States.
As Senators are aware, I feel a deep and
abiding interest in this subject. And I per-
suade myself that courtesy and fair dealing will
accord some consideration to the expressed
wishes of my State, especially in view of the
fact of the readiness evinced by the opposition
to remove disabilities and restore rights and
bestow emoluments where the applicant is
'presumed to be slightly radical in his proclivi-
ties. I move the reference of this petition to
the appropriate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
• Mr. SPENCER, presented a memorial of the
court of county commissioners of certain coun-
ties in Alabama, praying a grant to the Ten-
nessee and Warrior Rivers Railroad Company
to aid in the construction of their road ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented three memorials of citi-
zens and members of the bar of Alabama,
remonstrating against any change in the judicial
districts of that State ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Reuben A.
Lewis, of Alabama, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUNNER. 1 present the petition_of
Horace Page, of Warrenton, Virginia, setting
forth that he was for many years a slave on the
soil of Virginia; that at the outbreak of the
late rebellion he was the owner of a livery
stable, with ten horses, wagons, &c., and that
this property was taken from him during the
war by the United States forces for the.use and
benefit of the United States Army. I move
the reference of this petition to thepCoiTiniitiee
on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
M r. PRATT. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, on whose motion this
claim has been referred to the Committee on
Claims, whether he is in favor of its payment ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is more than 1 am
able to tell. I have not examined the case. I
shall wait until the report of the committee on
that question.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to say to the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts that
the're are a great many cases entirely similar,
I take it from the statement he makes of this
petition, that have already been reported upon
by that committee ; but so Jar wo have been
unable to obtain a hearing from the Senate.
Nearly three fourths of my time has been de-
voted to the investigation oi these claims, u pon
several of them I have reported and Oilier
members of the committee have reported favor-
ably. I do hope that at an early hour we may
have the consideration of the Senate upon some
one of those claims, to the end_ that we may
know whether it is worth while in the future to
devote our time to the investigation o' similar
cases. . .
Mr. FOWLER presented a. memorial ol
members of the eastern tribe ot Cherokee Indi-
i praying protection and a full settlement of
claims against the Government; whica was
aos
all claims agaim,.  T •   a- •
referred to the Committee on Indian Anairs.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of Morgan
Ussery, of Montgomery county, Arkansas, pray-
ing for the removal ot his political disabilities ,
which was referred to the select Committee on
the. Removal of Political Disabilities. ^
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions oi Joiin
B. Farr, Reuben J. Murray, J1"2®? '
Stephen D. Farr, and Thomas 1 . I'ltzpatnck,
of Virginia, praying for the removal ot their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial
of Warner Felix, remonstrating against the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
importers and merchants of Boston, praying
for such an amendment to the pending tariff
act as will place goods in bonded warehouses
on the same footing in respect to duties as if
they had been imported after the passage of
the act; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
TAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was .
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of John Ahem betaken from the fllesof the Senate.
EECESS.
Mr. RICE. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
KBPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 145) for the relief
of the first battalion heavy artillery of Massa-
chusetts volunteers, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thejointresolution(H. R. No. 290)
authorizing the improvement of the grounds
owned by the United States in the city, of
Buffalo, New York, known as Fort Porter,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 957) to amend an
act entitled "An act to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiersof the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry," approved April 10, 1809,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Chauney Smith, guardian of Madge K. Guthrie
and Robert B. Guthrie, children of Captain
Presley N. Guthrie, of the United States Navy,
praying an increase of the pension ot those
children, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (IT. R.
No. 2097) to grant a pension to Samuel Bull,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom have been referred sundry
petitions of citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying the establishment of a probate court
and the abolition of the orphan's court of the
District, ask to be discharged from their further
consideration, that subject having been acted
upon.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 1911) for the relief of George W. Steele,
late first lieutenant second New York veteran
cavalry, reported it without amendment.
MONUMENT TO GEXEltAL LION.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
A flairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (£1. R. No. 304) authorizing the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the judges
of the county court of Greene county, State
of Missouri, certain captured ordnance, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage- I he res-
olution simply proposes to grant eight cannon
for the purpose of erecting a monument to the
memory of General Nathaniel Lyon and the
Federal soldiers who fell at the battle ot v\ il-
son creek, and I hope it will be put upon its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It directs the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the judges of
the county court of the county- of Greene, in
the State of Missouri, eight captured twelve-
pounder guns, of obsolete pattern, now con-
demned and in store at the Rock Island arsenal,
to be placed in Franklin square, North Spring-
field, Missouri, around a monument to be
erected to the memory of the late Brigadier
General Nathaniel Lyon and the Federal^ sol-
diers who fell with him at the battle of Wilson
creek.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read thethird time, and passed.
BETSEY ARLIN.
Mr. HOWELL. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred, the bill (H. R.
No. 1998) granting a pension to Betsey Arlin,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and to ask that it be put on its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Betsey Arlin, mother
of John Arlin, late a private in company G,
sixty-first Massachusetts volunteers, from and
after the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CYNTHIA A. MIZELL.
Mr. HOWELL. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Cynthia A. Mizell, of North Carolina, have
directed me to report a bill granting her a
pension; and I ask tltat it be put upon its
passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1000)
granting a pension to Cynthia A. Mizell was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Cynthia A. Mizell,
mother of Hezekiah Mizell, late a captain of
the first regiment North Carolina volunteers,
on the pension-roll, and to pay her a pension
at the rate of twenty dollars a month from the
date of the passage of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
why these bills are taken out of their order
before other pension cases ? Are they more
meritorious.
Mr. HO WELL. We are getting so near the
close of the session that the committee desire
to get rid of them. These are all deserving
cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
them.
Mr. HOWELL. It will take less time to
dispose of them now, as they are reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
passing all the pension bills that are proper to
be passed. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY FllYEK..
Ml'. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2096) granting a pension to Mary Iu-yer,
of Philadelphia, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and to ask for its
passage at this time. .
By unanimous consent, tbe Senate, as in Ootp-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider tue
bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary ot
the Interior to place upon the pension-roil
the name of Mary Fryer, widow of John iryer.
deceased, late a seaman in the United States
Navy, and to pay her at the rate oi eight lol-
lars per month, commencing from and alter
the passage of the act.
