1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
advised that the ruling in the Senate has gen-
erally been that amotion to adjourn over, to fix
the time for future meeting unless to-morrow,
cannot be made while other business is before
the Senate. The presentPresiding Officer, how-
ever, is compelled to say that in his opinion in
regard to parliamentary law that decision is not
sustained by the authorities either in Great
Britain or theUnited States. Hatseland Grey
both lay down the doctrine that it is within the
power of a parliamentary body to consult its
convenience as to its adjournment and as to the
time to which it shall adjourn, and the instances
are frequent in which the British Parliament
have adjourned over while business has been
pending, and where they have also adjourned
for their meals. The Chair consulted some
authorities to day and found that the decision
was laid down in 5 Grey, in a long debate
in regard to adjourning, that it was the right of
the House of Commons to adjourn over the holi-
days while business was pending, to adjourn
till to-morrow, or to adjourn for eating and
drinking.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the eleventh rule. I think that settles it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The eleventh
rule will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" 11. When a question is under debate no motion
shall be received but—
"To adjourn;
"To proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness;
"To lay on the table;
" To postpone indefinitely;
"To postpone to a day certain;
"To commit; or
" To amend;
" Which several motions shall have precedence m
the order they stand arranged; and motions to ad-
journ,to proceed to the consideration of executive
business, and to lay on the table, shall be decided
without debate; and motions to take up or proceed
to the consideration of any question shall be determ-
ined without, debate upon the merits of the question
proposed to be considered."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the rule read upon the demand
of the Senator from Nevada only conforms to
the decision of the Chair. A motion to fix a
time for adjourning within the Constitution is
of course an adjourning motion. A motion to
adjourn simply would be till to-morrow; but
by the Constitution of the United States, which
is above all rules, either House has a right to
adjourn for a period not exceeding three days.
This is, therefore, amotion to adjourn. How-
ever, if the Senator from Nevada desires it,
the Chair will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I shall not appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This will, perhaps, have
a future bearing upon the proceedings of the
Senate, though it may not be very material to-
night. Duriug all my experience in the Senate
I have never understood that a motion that
when the Senate adjourns it shall adjourn to a
different day or a different time from that fixed
by its rules could have been received when any
other business was pending. I have known
motions to be made to dispose of tne pending
business with a view to interpose this motion,
that when the Senate adjourn it adjourn over
to some other day. And the Chair will allow
me to say that the precedents cited from Eng-
land it does not seem to me are atalHn point-
It is undoubtedly competent for the British Par-
liament to adjourn when any business is pend-
ing. It is doubtless competent for this Senate
to adjourn now, and it is doubtless competent
for the Senate, if it thinks proper, to entertain a
motion that when the Senate adjourns it shall
be to some future day, and under the Constitu-
tion either House may adjourn for three days;
but that does not, in my opinion, touch the
question of order when such a motion can be
made. The eleventh ruleis positive ; no motion
shall be received but those which are enumer-
-ated, and it names the very motions ; and what
are they?
The first is a motion to adjourn. Is a mo-
tion that when the Senate adjourn it shall
adjourn to a particular time a motion to ad-
journ? It doea not adjourn the Senate; it is
merely a motion fixing the time when the Sen-
ate shall meet, is right in the teeth of the rule.
The rule is positive that no motion can be
received on the subject of adjournment but a
motion to adjourn ; and if this motion made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania should pre-
vail it would not adjourn the Senate ; we might
sit here until to-morrow morning; it would
only be fixing the time to which we should
adjourn when we adjourned, which is a very
different thing from a motion to adjourn. To
entertain such a motion now is directly at vari-
ance with the practice of the Senate ever since
I have been here. _ It will be an entire change
of the rules of this body, and will enable a
person at any time, whatever is pending, to
change the time to which the Senate stands by
its regular orders adjourned when an-adjourn-
ment takes place.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will only enable the
Senate to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state in response to the Senator from Illinois,
as he has stated as a Senator—which the pres-
ent occupant of the chair has never been—that
the uniform ruling has been the other way,
that it is the pleasure of the Chair always to
conform to the ruling of the Senate, although
it may vary from his own opinion in regard to
parliamentary law. The Senator from Illinois
having stated that this has been the uniform
ruling of the Senate the Chair will regard it as
the usage of the Senate and will change his
decision.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will suspend. The Chair
on points of order must first be heard by the
usual parliamentary law ; and he desires to say
in response that he will conform his decision
to the ruling which the Senator from Illinois
says has been the uniform ruling of this body.
In doing so, however, he must state that he
entertained then erroneously the motion of the
Senator from Nevada, this afternoon, that the
Senate take a recess, for that was more in con-
flict with the eleventh rule than is a motion
relative to adjournment.
Mr. STEWART. It was by unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not by
unanimous consent; it was by a majority, and
objections were made. The Chair, however,
on the suggestion of the Senator from Nevada,
and upon the statement as to the uniform ruling
of the Senate by the Senator from Illinois, will
enforce the eleventh rule strictly hereafter,
which will prohibit any motion for a recess as
well as for adjourning over when other busi-
ness is before the Senate, unless that pending
business shall be postponed, or by unanimous
consent be passed over. The Senate, there-
fore, decides that the motion is not in order
unless the Virginia bill shall be postponed.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, if the President will
allow me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish my friend from
Pennsylvania would allow me a word in regard
to the mode in which this is to be done, and in
which 1 have often seen it done in the Senate.
Mr. CAME HON. No: allow me to go on
now, if vou please.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. I have been here many
more years than the Senator from Illinois.
The custom of the Senate is to adjourn when-
ever they please [laughter;] we never have
had any fixed rules. It has only been within
the last year or two that we have talked about
rules at all. This was supposed to be a meet-
ing of gentlemen who controlled their proceed-
ings according to their own best judgment.
The philosophy of it is this : this motion of
mine decides that when we do adjourn we
shall meet again on Monday ; it does not inter-
fere with the regular proceedings to-night.
We may sit here ail night, and sit here to-mor-
row, and sit on Sunday; we may sit till Mon •
day, and this "vote will not interfere with that
at all. What harm does it do 1 How does it
interfere with your rules?
There seemed to be a hiatus in our proceed-
ings. The question seemed to be given up
after the speech of the Senator from Missouri.
Then a motion was made to adjourn, atid the
vote was against it; and then this motion was
made, that when we do adjourn we adjourn to
meet again on Monday. It does not interfere
with any of the proceedings of to-night Or to-
morrow or the next day. To my mind it is
perfectly logical and reasonable that this mo-
tion should be put and carried, as the Presi-
dent of the Senate decided. I know that when
a man so wise and so able and so respectable
as the Senator from Illinois gets up here and
gives his dictum most of us are willing tc
admit that it is correct. In ordinary matters
I would say he is always right; but I do not
believe he is right in this case.
Mr. NYE. Because you want to adjourn.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. No ; I can stay here as
long as anybody else ; but I know you will do
no good by staying here to-night, and you will
not decide this to-night, and you will come back
to-morrow, or perhaps Monday, and not have
it decided then. What I want is to hare"time
to reflect and to get the Senate to calmly re-
view all their acts in regard to the subject, and
vote wisely and coolly on Monday. It would
be better for the country and a great deal
better for the Senate. It would be much bet-
ter for Senators to go home to-night, and it
would be better for the country that we should
come back on Monday and vote on this ques-
tion. I think the ruling of the President of
the Senate was right, and I am very sorry that
he should hesitate about carrying out his own
ruling. No man ever gained'by giving up his
opinion to anybody. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is an old Senator and chairman of the
law committee of this body, and the Chair on
a question of parliamentary usage is willing to
defer to such authority, especially as he stated
what the ruling had been uniformly, though,
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, the Chair
doubts its correctness.
Mr. CAMERON. The Chair will allow me
to say that I am an older Senator than the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. I am advised that there are
two or three Senators who desire yet to speak
on this question. 1 am satisfied that we can-
not get through with it until a late hoar, and I
see no necessity for punishing ourselves by sit-
ting up very late to-night. 1 move, therefore,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us adjourn over to
Monday.
Mr. MORTON. No; let us adjourn now.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to make this prop-
osition 
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana makes a motion to adjourn, which i.i
not debatable.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. If there can be a general
understanding that we shall commence taking
the vote to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
make that proposition with regard to Monday,
and it will meet universal acceptance.
Several Senators. Yes; say Monday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think as Virginia has
kept herself out of the Union nine or ten years
we can keep her out for two days without any
very great evil.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that we agree
to vote at three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. Say Monday, at three
o'clock. If it is understood that we are to take
the vote at three o'clock on Monday ? . *
mit a motion ; and I desire to see if it is m
order I think X undcrst&nu. th6 rul6S 01 the
Senate, and I want to see if the motion I pro-
