1870.
. Tail■ CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
1789
have apeeie payments established here the
people of every couutry in the world will be
elad to come and get our loans at what we
offer them i and I should prefer to offer a loan
not higher than five per cent., because having
confidence in the Secretary of the Treasury ,
and in those around him, I would give him j
a discretion j but you have voted that down !
and made it an imperative loan at four and a 1
half per cent. Let it be so. You will not get
it- but it may be pleasant for you to believe,
you may get it. i believe, as my colleague
said awhile ago in much better words than I
can use, that we may dispose of abont a thou-
sand millions of this loan to the banks of
our owu country. If we relieve them from
taxation and make it a calculation that it
Bhall be their interest to take it at three per
cent. I believe they will take it. But sup-
pose that men abroad will take your bonds at
four or four and a half per cent., when you
send agents there and pay them to advertise,
and bribe them probably to lake it. The most
SQspicious men in the world are the men who
have money to lend. . A man who wants to
borrow money is always jubilant in the belief
that he can pay it; and while men are often
traduced and called rascals because they do
riot pay their debts I think, perhaps, more
honest men have failed to meet their engage*
ments than rogues. They axe full of hope,
full of confidence as well in themselves as in
those who surround them,1' and they make
promises which they are unable to fulfill. But
a Government owes its credit only to its invip:
late adherence to its word.
Now, let us pay next year, as we shall,
another $100,000,000 of our debt, and every-
body in the world who wants long loans will
come here to bay them from us. Just now it
is an experiment. Half of the country, and
more than half of the country probably, for a
large number of our owu party say so, say
this paying of the debt is not real, but is only
a political trick to make the world believe we
are paying our debt. Let us show-the world
so perfectly that no man can ddubt that this
debt is going to bp paid off in forty or fifty
years, and-everybody will btf glad to get the
loan, especially at a low rate of interest. Men
dying, leavingtheir estates to- (.heir widtfwB and
orphans, will be glad to leave* 6evertrt6eiit
bond at a low rate wf Jwtereet, feeling Confi-
dently that it will be paid whea U becomes duev
Money cannot be got by favor. It is- th#
last article in the wond that a man will let go
out of his possession unless he believes it is
his interest to let it go. Yoo have got to con-
vince him that you can pay; You may give
him all the-security in the world that you will
pay, but he wants your personal character and
your integrity, too, when he is about dying, to
feel satisfied that his widow and his children
will get that money. So it is with our debt.
I have no objection to any part of this biH. I
shall vote for it all, as I have always done
under snch ci renin stances, except that clause
which gives a premium-for carrying Our dis-
grace throughout the country and world, send-
ing agents abroad to say that this great cown-
try of ours, which has subdued snch a revolu-
tion and such a rebellion as the" world never
saw, which has had such armies as the- World
never saw, and which has had such cotfrage
and such patriotism as the world probably will
never see again jis' not able to pay its debts
and every dollar of its-deb te. 4 ~
- I do not belieye with asosae gentlemen that
the interest of moneyis going to be less here-
after. I think that in this country interest wii I
always be high, and for the reason that there
is no other part of th-e.habitable globe where
money can be invested With sach certainty of
profit. .. ,
I showed the other day how in one sterile
connty in my State the value of its lands had
risen from ten or,'fifteen- cents afahcre up to
thousands of dollafs an acre. I show«d yoa
kow that wboie State of mine had grawa by its
thrift, its Industry, and applicati6n of capital.
So it will be all over this country. Every year
that you live and every year that this Republic
lives, and that, I think, will be almost eternally,
there will beindncements here for the invest-
ment of capital; and long after this, when this
country shall be filled with three or four hun-
dred million people, and the land becomes
scarce, when our virgin lands 'have all been
occupied, then, as it is now in England, where
the soil is owned by a few persons, the interest ;
on capital may be low, but not till then.
A Senator beside me this morning talked j
about low interest in England, and said justly ;
and properly that sometimes a fifteen or twenty ;
or thirty-day bill may be sold for two per cent,
in London. So you can go to New York to- ]
morrow, probably, and borrow money at five
per cent; if yon have collaterals allowing twenty j
or thirty per cent, margin. Bat go there and '
ask a long loan to cultivate a farm, to open a !
mine, or to establish a manufactory, and then j
you will have to pay ten or fifteen per' cent. i>
Senators all know this, and I am'surprised at
any one believing yoo are going to get this loan ];
at a low rate. I trust we shwl, and I belieye
we shall after awhile,'but not now. As I said
before, I will vote for the whole of this bill
except that part giving a premium to agents to
run about the country and the world and talk
about our poverty.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Prom what I said
on this subject a few days ago I believe it i«
well understood that I sympathize heartily with
what .was.said by the Senator from Michigan,
that; this is a question which relates to the honor
of the country ; but I do not agree to the further .
remark which he made, that that is the main i
or the only question. There is another quea- j
tion upon which this subject has a bearing, i
which to my,mind is of equal importance. It
is well understood now that when we pay inter- j
est on oor bonds in this country, though those
bonds are held in foreign Countries, a great <
proportion of that interest is reinvested -here
Our object is to secure, so ffcr as possible, loans (
from foreigners. If We pay our interest abroad
to those who loan tts their capital, that very
interest will not be reinvested here or tranS-1 j
mitted here, a^in the Other caee: -
Them is another- reason, whitth I stated the#
and will briefly aitade UrtfcAw" I S^JrOwdatt-
not transmit at two diflTUfWirtJ WfeMAS of the j
year twenty-five or thirty million dollars to . a
foreign country te pay the interest on your debt
withput greatly embarrassing trade and com-
merce. You go into the market for gold or
for exchange ; this large demand at any par-
ticular season of the year w"ill as a matter of
necessity ad vancS the price of that exchange,
and so far'as it advances that price, so far it is t
an embarrassment to'the ordinary business of |
the country. 1.'
Mr.'SUMNER. ' Mr. President, it seems to
me hardly expedient that we should come here
to-night' ih order to, vote ,oii these important
propositions. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn. . „. ,
Mr. SHERMAN". The Senate have already
ordered an evening session. '
Mr. SUMNER That can be modified by
adjournment. ' * L . ...
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 hope the Senatejwill
vote down the motion at once.
Mr, SUMNER. ..Let us see what the dis-
p6sition of the Senate is. •
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not.
adjourn 1 „ '
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
adjourn made before the time ^ for a recess is
in order. ' , !
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is taking advan- |
tage of Senators who are absent with-the ex- I
pectition of returning. -1
Mr. SUMNER.. The Sehate has trot' been'
so full to-day as it is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. A Senator came to m 
uot three minutes ago aadliaagonaoff expect'
tng to return^ • u. >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable except by unanimous consent.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, that the Senate do now
adjourn
The question being taken ; there were on a
division—ayes 18. noes 27; so the motion was
not agreed to.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the fifth section, which it is proposed
to strike out.
The Secretary read the section.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what is the object of having these bonds
payable abroad?
Mr. SHERMAN. To save money, in a word.
I stated it yesterday more fully.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask what is the co3t of
exchange, 6r what will be the probable cost
of exchange t6 enable the Government of the
United States to have funds "on deposit at
these various places; for it is known that
exchange is very largely against this country
in every commercial center in Europe, and
there will be a very heavy cost. Merchants
find it ouf, and that cost will increase every
year far more than any rate of interest you
possibly can save. I do not think that ques-
tion has been raised in the debates in the Sen-
ate. It might have been while I was not here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
that yesterday I stated more fully than I do
now all the arguments on this point. The
saving, I believe, will be about the rate of one
half of One per cent, a year, as near'as I can
come at it. The exchange is usually from one
fourth to three fourths of one per ceht.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I stated yester-
day that it would cost from eight and one half
to nine and one half per cent, to remit this
money to EuTope.
Mr. SPR AG UE. There seems to Ma great
difference betwefen the Senators. One says the
cost will be eight or nine per cent, more to the
Government by paying it abroad, and the other
says it will save one half per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am surprised that the
Senator from Oregon puts it on record as cost-
ing eiglil or nine per eenit. to remit gold to
Eueope. " "!' '' ''
Mr 6ORB0TTV Bawds are Wttrth hereabout
ninety-one and one half per cent, in gold; to
make that eqnivalerit to gold in Europe at par
you would hate to add exchange, which is from
eight and one baflf to nine and one half per
cent. _ „
Mr. SHERMAN. $be Senator knowa there
is a difference between the nominal rate of
i exchange and the real ratte. About one fourth
of one per cent. wiH be the cost of transmitting
the gold to Europe. The nominal t-ate of
1 exchange is nine' per cent. .
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are laO operators
in money that are paid so mtftA'imd are acqnir-
ing richer bo twpwly who deal in for-
eign ^xebahgd. certainly
be greit profittin'the carrying on and eEffecting*
of that sort q# business. One half of one per
cent, the Senator from Ohio means to save.
1 lwfre no doubt that it will Cost certainly one
percent, more to flace the fbnds in London,
Hamburg, or Amsterdam than it would to pay
the same in New York ; that is it will be worth
one pet cent, to the Government or to anybody
to have the funds- m Amsterdam, in London,
or in New York, and of course it will be worth
that much to the Government as to an indi-
vidual, If the object be to save money by
having these xsdupons payable abroad, 1 say
the opposite is actually the fact, and I chal-
lenge contradiction on any sort of calculation.
If so, when I buy drafts on London and these
other places, my pocket-book should have an
increase in consequence rather than a diminu-
tion, which I always find in making my pay-
ments' abrbadi _ _ _
The PRESIDING OFFICES, (Mr. Ed-
■0&ds in the chair.) The time at which by
the regalat order of the SensW a rtfoess #a*
