1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.amendment, to the end of said amendment; and the
Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendments: in lieu of the
word inserted by said amendment insert the word
"fourteen;" and on page 4, line twenty-six of the
bil!, strike out the word "three" and insert the word
"one;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strike out
of said amendment all after the word "dollars," in
line two,down to and including the word "dollars"
in line three: and the Senato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: in lieu
of the word inserted by said amendment insert the
word "thirteen;" and on page 5, line six of the bill,
strike out the word "four" and insert the word
"two;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirteenth .amendment of the Senato, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word "dollars," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word " dol-
lars" in line threer and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments: in lieu
of the word inserted by said amendment insert the
word "twelve;" and on page 5, line fourteen of the
hill, strike out the word "nine" and insert in lieu
the word "seven;" and the Senato agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line two
of said amendment strike out all after the word "dol-
lars"down to and including " dollars "in line three;
and the Senate agree to the same,
That the House recede Irom their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to.
the same with the following amendments: in lieu of
the word proposed to be inserted by said amendment
insert the woid " twelve;" and in line twenty-two,
page 5 of the bill, strike out the word "nine" and
insert in Leu the word "seven;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from iheir disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word "dollars " in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word "dol-
lars " in line four; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words proposed to be inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "thirteen
thousand eightand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in hen of the words proposod to bo inserted by said
amendment insert the words "seventy-five;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the twenty-eighth amendment, of the
Senate.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
m lieu of the words proposed to be inserted by said
amendmentinsertthewords "two million;" and the
Senate agrc* to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
Hs.g first clause of the thirry-tbnd amendment of
the Senate; and that the House recede from their
amendment to the second clause of said amend-
ment, and agree to said clause with the following
amendments: at the end of said amendment add tho
following, or so much thereof as may be necessary :
"Provided, That before paying the claim of tno
CorbssSteam-EngineOompany. the Secretary of the
Navy shall cause a reexamination of said claim to
be made by the law officers of the Navy Department,
and two competent engineers to be detailed for that
putpo&o. who shall deduct from ihe contract piice
with said steam-engine company whatever sum it
would have cost said company to have completed
their said contract;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede fiom their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the fifty-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to the same..
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-eighth amendmentoftheSenate. and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
On page 10 of the amendments, lines five and six,
strike out the words "three hundred and thirty
dred;" and in line eleven strike out "three hun-
dred;" and in line thirteen strike out the words
"five hundred: and in line fourteen strike out the
words " two hundred;" and in line fifteen strike out
"two hundredand in line sixteen strikeout the
word "eight" and insert "fiveand m lineseven-
teeu strike out tho word "eight" ::nd insert the word
" five ;" and in line nineteen strikeout"seven1' and
insert "five;" and inline twenty-three strike out
"six" and insert " eight;" and in line twenty-four
strike out " two," where it occurs the second time,
and insert "four;" and in line twenty-five strike out
" one "and insert " two;" and in the same line strike
out the^words " eight hundred;" and inline twenty-
eight strikeout "five " and insert "six;" and in line
twenty-nine, alter "thousand," insert "two hun-
dred."
And on page 11 of said amendment sixty-eight,
line two, strike out the word " two," where it occurs
the second time, andinsert "four;" and in line three
strike out "one/'insert "two;" and in same lino
strike out "eight hundred;" and in line four strike
out " four," insert " six;" and in line six strike out
" four," insert " six;" and at the end of lino six add
the words44 two hundred;" and in line seven strike
out "six,"insert "eight;" and in line ten strike out
"six," insert " eight;" and in line eleven strike out
" four," insert "five:" and in line twelve, where it
occurs the second time, strike out "one," insert
"two and in line thirteen strike out " one," insert
"two;" and in lines thirteen and fourteen strike out
the words "eight hundred;" and in line fourteen
strike out " six," insert " seven;" and in line fifteen
strike out "two," insert " fourand on page 15, line
nino. after tho word "dollars," insert "secretary of
the is aval Academy, $1,800;" and on page 15, line
nineteen, strike out "Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire," insert "Kittcry;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreements
the amendment of the Senate numbered seventy,
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the word "seventy," in line
twenty-nine, page 1G of the amendments, down to
and including the word "passed," in line nine, page
17 of the amendments, and insert in lieu the follow-
ing : " The pay of all officers of the Navy now on or
hereafter placed on the reared list shall, when not oil
active duty, be equal to one half of the highost pay
prescribed by this act for officers on the active list
whose grade corresponds to the grade held by such
retired officers respectively, at the time of such re-
tirement; and no officer heretofore or hereafter pro-
moted upon tho retired list shall in consequence of
such promotion be entitled to any increase of pay;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate agreo to the amendment of the
House to the seventy-third amendment of the Sen-
ate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with tho following amendment:
strike out all after the word " and" in lino three of
said amendment down to and including the word
"such" in line four; and after tho woid "retired,"
where it fir«?t occurs in said lino four, insert tho fol
lowing words: "fiom said office;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
(j. J). DRAKE,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Manage) s on the part of the Scnati.
C. 0. WASHBURN,
U. W. SOOFIELT),
VI. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The morion was agreed to.
message from tiie iiousu.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton" Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
resolution of the Senate for the appointment
of a committee to escort the remains of lion.
Daniel S. Norton to the place of interment,
and had appointed Mr. M. S. Wilkinson of
Minnesota, -Mr. B. M: Wilson of Minnesota,
Mr. C. A. Ei.dridge of Wisconsin, Mr. S. M.
Cullom of Illinois, and Mr. Stevenson Archer
of Maryland, the committee on the part of the
House of Representatives.
The message also announced that the House
adhered to their disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1109)
making appropriations for Ihe current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending 30th
June, 1871, and for other purposes, and also
to their amendments to certain other amend-
ments of the Senate thereto.
The message also announced that, the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. II. No. 2412) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of W. 0. Whilthorue,
of Maury county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 2413) making appropria-
tions to enable the President to pay certain
annuities to, and preserve the peace with, tho
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes:
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 378) granting-
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association ; . •
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 380) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to "soldiers' plot," in Riverview Cemetery,
at Trenton, New Jersey;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the Soldiers'
Burial Plot at White Plains, New York ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 37G) authoriz-
ing the donation of certain property of the
United States, in the city of Galveston, State
of Texas, to said city; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 375) for the
relief of Robert Moir & Co.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 296)to atneud exist-
ing laws relating to internal revenue, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
PASSENGERS Otf LAKE ONTARIO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the question now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
motion made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to recommit the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 224) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret P.
Robinsou, of Kentucky, to the Committee on
Claims; and upon that question the Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish the Senator would
allow me to call up the Duluth bill, so that
we may finish it.
Mr. CONKLING. There lies on the table,
having just come from the House, a joint reso-
lution of some interest to New York, to which
no objection will be made, to allow the secre-
tary of the Treasury to permit passengers to
go on the only boats that run on Lake Ontario
between Rochester and the city of Oswego.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As soon as
they are entered on the Journal, the Chair will
lay those bills before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have that joint
resolution taken up now.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky that this will take
but a moment. If anybody should object to
it when it, is read, I will withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS. Some six or eight gentlemen
have made similar requests to me, and it would
be ungracious on my part to discriminate.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is not passed now
we shall lose it altogether. The thing is of so
little consequence, except locally, that I think
there can be no objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not object.
Mr. CONKLING. Then 1 ask that House
joint resolution No. 372 be taken up.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(H. it. No. 372) to permit the Secretary of
the Treasury to allow certain boats to carry
passengers and their baggage between Amer-
ican ports on Lake Ontario, was read twice
and considered as iu Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
allow the steamboats of the Canadian Naviga-
tion Company, built in the United States and
now owned by that company, to carry passen-
gers and their baggage between Rochester,
Oswego, and other American ports on the
south shore of Lake Ontario, subject to such
regulations as he may establish.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to 3 third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
shasta land dist1hct.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to call up a
bill which has just come from the House of
Representatives to establish a laud district in
California.
