5506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made it will be proceeded with by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object until the bill
under debate is disposed of.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that this bill can lead to
HQ debate. It is to establish a new district in
California, to be known as the Shasta land
district.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will agree to it
I will consent; but I give fair and distinct
notice now that I will not yield to any other
gentleman.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator had not
consented to let the Senator from New York
take up his bill I should not have asked it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from New York
is so very amiable that I could not resist him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not be blamed for letting me
take up my bill. I very seldom ask to take
up any bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the request of the Sen-
ator from California.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. II. No.
2408) for the creation of an additional land
district in California was read twice by its title
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Itprovides that so much of the districts of lands
now subject to sale at Humboldt and Marys-
ville. in the State of California, as are contained
within the following boundaries, shall consti-
tute a new land district to be called the Shasta
district, bounded on the north and east by the
boundary lines of the State, on the south by
the fifth standard parallel north, and on the
west by the line between ranges ten and eleven
west of the Mount Diablo base meridian, the
location of the office for which is to be desig-
nated by the President of the United States, and
may be changed by him from time to time, as
the public interest may seem to require. It also
authorizes the appointment by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, of a register and receiver for the land dis-
trict, who are to be required respectively to
reside at the place, subject to the same laws
and entitled to the same compensation as is or
may hereafter be prescribed by law in relation
to other land offices in the State.
Mr. COLE, lshould like to have an oppor-
tunity to look at that, bill. This is the first
time that my attention has been called to it.
I presume it is all right. It can be laid aside
and I will call it up after awhile. I have had
some communications on the subject.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is the same bill which
was reported two months ago from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands in this body. It is the
Shasta land district, not the Stockton district.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California [Mr. Cole] object?
Mr. COLE. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mrs. margaret p. robinson.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of Mrs. Mar-
garet P. Robinson, of Kentucky.
Mr. SUMNER. I was saying that the sec-
ond commission, sitting at Lima, some time
during the present winter made an award in
favor of Montano, as follows :
"We, theundorsigned, commissioners of the Amer-
ican and Peruvian mixed commission, haying tailed
to agree oil our final decision upon the claim ot E-<te-
bnn G-. Montano, presented to this commission, th:U
claim has been decided upon by the umpire, Mr. E.
A. Elmore, on the 25th ot February, 1870.
"According to that decision, the Government of
the United States of America has to pay to Mr. Este-
ban Gt. Montano the sum of fifty-seven thousand and
forty American gold dollars."
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator to order.
Tee PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky rises to a question of
order. He will state it.
Mr. DAVIS. My point of order is that it
is not in order for the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to read the report in that case.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not reading the re-
port.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The Senator is reading
the communication as a part of his speech, as
the Chair understands ; and if that is so, he
has the right to read it as a portion of his
speech.
Mr. SUMNER. I am replying to the alle-
gation of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] who spoke in this debate in favor of
the pending claim, and who in his speech
assailed anotherclaim which passed this Cham-
ber yesterday. He assailed it at length with
detail, and I am replying to his allegations.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the point of order that
the Senator has no right to use that case for
any such purpose as that for which he is now
using it. I make that point of order, and I
desire the Chair to rule upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must decide that the Senator must judge for
himself what is appropriate debate. He is
reading this as a part of his speech, and the
Chair thinks he has a right to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I say the Senator from Massachu-
setts is out of order, and I make that question
to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky appeals from the decision of
the Chair, and the question is now before the
Senate, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BAYARD. What is the decision of
the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has decided that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has a right to read, asape.rtof his speech,
any communication that he chooses.
Mr. DAVIS. Whether it relates to the sub-
ject under debate or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must be the judge of that.
Mr. SUMNER. It is in reply to what has
been alleged in debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot decide for Senators what relates to the
subject. They must take that responsibility
themselves. The Chair thinks the Senator from
Massachusetts is in order. The question is,
"Shall the decision -of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. SUMNElt. I was reading the award,
and I will merely come to the conclusion :
M Said sum to bo paid according to article four,
of the convention of December 4,1868, between the
United States of America and Peru, within four
months after the date of this decision.
Lima, February 25.1870.
[L.S.J . M. VIDAL,
Commissioner onthe part of
the United States of America.
MANUEL PTNER.
Commissionado pp. del Peru,"
This was communicated to our Government
by General Ilovey, our minister at Lima, who
sets forth in his dispatch the claims of Ameri-
can citizens that have been recognized, to the
amount of §209,971 15, and then says :
"I havenot been officially informed of theamount
awarded to Stephen (x. Montano, the only Peruvian
claimant, but understand it has been fifty-seven
thousand and forty gold dollars, bearing date of
25th February. This award was made by the um-
pire.'' 1 "" 's ** ^ * *
"As Peru will in all probability pay the aforesaid
amounts punctually on their becoming due, I re-
spectfully request that provision be made according
to law to meet the award to Mr. Montano when the
same may be due.
"Any delay might have the effect of postponing the
payment of the claims awarded to the said citizens
of the United States, and as the treaty does not pro-
vide for interest, delay might materially affect their
rights."
This was communicated to the Senate by the
President in a message dated April li,_ 1870,
in which he recommends an appropriation to
discharge the obligation of the United States
in the case of the claim of Esteban G. Mon-
tano, and he communicates also a report from
the Secretary of State in the same sense, which
concludes as follows:
"It is important that an appropriation should be
seasonably made for discharging the obligation of
the United States in the case of Mr. Montano."
Nor is this all. Only a few days ago, I think
on the 24th day of June, I received another
communication from the Secretary of State
calling attention once more to this claim, and
asking that provision should be made for its
payment, inasmuch as the faith of the country
was pledged by the award of the commission
to its payment. That letter, with an inclosuro
from the minister of Peru here in Washington,
I read last evening to the Senate ; and it was
on the reading of those two letters and the
statement I made that the claim was recognized
and incorporated in the appropriation bill.
Now, as I understand, it is arraigned. On
what ground ? I see my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] now in his seat. He was not here
a few moments ago when I was stating minutely
the facts in reply to himself. It is arraigned,
I know not on what ground precisely. My
friend does not like it. But my friend is no1,
disposed to say that we shall set aside or refuse
to recognize the decision of a joint commission
created by ourselves without proof of fraud in
.that commission. He may say that the allow-
ance is large; that it is beyond all calculation,
according to him ; that it is what a very emi-
nent judge of the United States used to call a
case of inflamed damages. My friend, if he
chooses, could adopt that language and apply
it to this case. But there still stands the decis-
ion of the court, which is the constituted tribu-
nal for this very case; and two questions arise :
first, whether we will refuse to carry into exe-
cution the decision of that court; and secondly,
whether, so refusing, we will take the respons-
ibility of postponing the payment of the claims
of our own citizens. I have already said that,
according to the report before us, those claims
amount to $209,971, to be paid by the Peru-
vian Government, and we have no reason to
believe that they will be paid if we refuse to
pay this single Peruvian.
Now, sir, that was the case recommended
by the President of the United States in sol-
emn message, recommended twice over by the
Department of State in communications to this
body, and being in itself the decision of a court
which we helped to constitute ; and also and in
further reason, claims of our own citizens to a
considerable amount being dependent upon tbM
satisfaction of this claim, payment of this claim
being, as it seems, in the nature of a condition-
precedent to the payment of the claims of our
own citizens 
Mr. HOWE. Where is that stated ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the statement of Gen-
eral Hovey.
| Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have read it already. He
says at the end of his dispatch, dated Febru-
! ary 27, 1870 :
j "As Peru will in all probability pay the aforesaid
I amounts punctually on their becoming due, I le-
; spectfully request that provision be made according-
I to law to meet the award to Mr. Montano when the
■ same may be due.
! "Any delay might have the effect of postponingthe
j payment of the claims awarded to the sai-d citizens .
j ol the United States, and as the treaty does not pro-
I vide tor interest, delay might materially affect their
■ rights."
j Mr. HOWE. Thafcisnoeondition-precedetifc.
I. Mr. SUMNER. He treats it as such. I did
j not say that in point of fact it was. I say it is
! so regarded by our minister; that it is put,
I among the possibilities, or even probabilities :
and 1 confess that it is one reason in my mind
why we should not postpone payment on our
part. But the real reason is that it is a case
ot res adjudicata. It is precisely like other
cases that have been before the Senate during
