2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE IN COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous conscnt,
submitted the following resolution : which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the propriety of repealing
the proviso to the first section of the act of June 2,
3802, entitled "An act to establish aland office in
Colorado Territory, and for other purposes," with
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LINTHICUM INSTITUTE OP GEORGETOWN.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 1166, to incorporate the Linthicum Insti-
tute of Georgetown.
The bill was read. The preamble recites that
whereas Edward Magruder Linthicum, late of
Georgetown, in the .District of Columbia, de-
ceased, did, by his last will, give and bequeath
to Joshua Riley, Josiah Dent, William Laird,
jr., William L. Dunlop, and William A. Gor-
don, jr., and to their survivors and successors
forever, the sum of $50,000, in trust, to found,
establish, and maintain in said Georgetown a
free school for the education and instruction of
indigent white boys and youth of said George-
town in useful learning, and in the spirit and
practice of Christian virtue; and did also, in
bis said will, request that said trustees might
be legally incorporated, with all needful pow-
ers and immunities for the purposes of said
trust: and therefore it is provided in the first
section that the said Joshua Riley, Josiah
Dent, William Laird, jr., William L. Dunlop,
and William A. Gordon, jr., and their success-
ors and associates in said trust, duly elected
as hereinafter provided, are hereby constituted
a body-corporate, with perpetual succession,
under the name of the Linthicum Institute of
Georgetown ; and by that name may sue and
be sued, contract and be contracted with, may
take by gift, devise, or purchase real estate
or other kind of property, and the same may
bold, use, and dispose of as in their judgment
may best serve the interests of said institute ;
may have a common seal, and the same may
alter at their pleasure; may grant and confer
scholastic degrees, by diploma or otherwise,
as rewards of merit; may enact and ordain
such rules, regulations, and by-laws, appoint
such officers, agents, and servants, and do all
such lawful acts and things, not inconsistent
with the objects and provisions of said trust,
as expressed and defined in said will, as said
trustees may deem needful or proper to secure
a wise and faithful administration of the gov-
ernment and affairs of said institute, and to
promote and extend its usefulness.
The second section provides that the trus-
tees or corporators above named shall, as soon
as may be after the passage of this act, meet
and organize in pursuance thereof; and they,
their successors, and associates, whenever thus
assembled, shall be a board for the transaction
of all business of said institute, and may exer-
cise all the powers hereby granted to the same;
and a majority of said board shall be a quorum
for all purposes except the electiou or appoint-
ment of trustees and other officers of said insti-
tute and the investment and disposition of the
funds and property thereof, for which acts the
concurrence of two thirds shall be necessary;
but one or more of said trustees may at any
time, by notice in writing to each of the other
members, convene said board and adjourn from
day to day.
The third section provides that the number
of trustees may be increased or diminished at
the discretion of the board; provided always
that the same shall never be less than five;
and said board may at any time for good cause,
two thirds of their number concurring, declare
the seat of any member thereof vacant; and
in case of vacancy so declared, or of vacan-
cies occurring in any other way, the remaining
trustees shall, without delay, fill the same.
The fourth section provides that the said
board shall keep a record of all their proceed-
ings and of all moneys received, expended, or
invested for or on account of said institute,
which records shall at all times be open to the
inspection of contributors to the funds of the
institute; and the vote on any question before
the board shall, on demand of any member,
be taken by "ayes and noes" and recorded.
The fifth section provides that the property
of said institute shall be forever exempt from
taxation, except such special assessments as
may be levied by proper authority for the im-
provement of streets and alleys in front of any
real estate owned by said institute; but no
street or alley shall be opened or extended
through any lands or grounds owned and occu-
pied by said institute for educational purposes
without the consent of said board of trustees.
The amendments of the committee were
read, as follows:
Section one, line eleven, after the word "property,"
insert "to tho extent of not exceeding $500,OfiO."
Section one, lines eleven and twelve, strike out the
words "in their judgment."
Section one, line twelve, after tho word "insti-
tute," insert "and for no other purpose."
Section five, line two, after the word "institute,"
insert" that shall be actually used and occupied for
school purposes."
Scction five, line five, strike out all after the word
" institute."
Add the following:
"Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have the right to alter and repeal this act at
any time."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARCHING TIBER CREEK.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, the bill
(H. R. No. 1004) to arch Tiber creek north of
Pennsylvania avenue.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
lie it enacted, That the corporation of Wash-
ington be, and hereby is, authorized and required to
regulate nnd determine the course of Tiber creek,
from Massachusetts avenue to Pennsylvania avenue.
Sec. 2. And tie it further enacted, That the mayor
of the city of Washington and tho Commissioner of
Public Buildings shall, as soon as practicable after
the condemnation and determination of tho line of
Tiber street, advertise for at least ten days in two
daily papers published in the city of Washington,
giving detailed specifications and inviting proposals
for the arching of Tiber ercek throughout the entire
length of said Tiber street from Massachusetts av-
enue, on the north sido thereof, to Pennsylvania
avenue, in manner as similar as possible to the pres-
ent bridges across Tiber creck on the lines of Penn-
sylvania avenuo and Indiana avenue.
Sec. 3. And belt further enacted, That to defray the
cost of the work above provided for the corporation
of Washington is hereby authorized to levy and col-
lect a tax on the area of all assessable ground within
the city limits which directly or indirectly drains
into Tiber creek, the aggregate of which tax shall
be equal to such proportionate share of the whole
cost as the area of the land within the building lines
of the squares or parts of squares which drain into
Tiber creek bears to the whole area so drained; and
the residue of the cost of said work, representing the
proportion due to the area of tho streets, avenues,
and public spaces so drained shall be defrayed by
tho corporation of the city of Washington.
The following are the amendments reported
by the committee:
In section one, line five, strike out " Massachu-
setts," and insert "New York."
In section two, line eight, strike out "Massachu-
setts," and insert " New York."
Strike out the whole of section throe after the
enacting clause, and insert tho following:
Sec. 3. That the mayor of the city of Washington,
by and with the consent of the common council of
said city, shall appoint a board of commissioners,
whose duty it shall bo to assess the benefits which
shall be derived from said Vork upon all tho real
estate within said limits which directly or indirectly
drains into Tiber creek, having due regard to the
proportionate value of such improvement to the
property assessed, the aggregate amount of which
shall bo equal to such proportionate share of the
whole cost as the area of the land within the build-
ing limits of the squaros or parts of squares which
drain into said creek bears to the whole area so
drained; and the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington is hereby authorized to collect the amount so
assessed from the owners of said real estate respect-
ively, and the residue of the cost of said work rep-
resenting the proportion due to theareaof thestreets,
avenues, and public spaces so drained shall be paid
by the city of Washington.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners, before entering on the duties of said
appointment, be sworn to justly and impartially
make tho assessment aforesaid.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ments reported by the committee.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gii/fillan]
whether there is anything in the bill providing
that the national Government shall pay the
assessment to meet expenditures incurred in
the progress of this work, with regard to any
real estate it may own within range of the
improvement.
Mr. GILFILLAN. The assessment will
apply to all real estate that is drained, and that
will be benefited. No distinction is made be-
tween public property and private property. I
do not know that any of the public property
is drained by it.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman state
what extent of territory is covered by this
improvement?
Mr. GILFILLAN. I cannot inform the
gentleman in exact figures what is the extent
of territory to be drained. It is that portion
of the lands traversed by the creek extend-
ing from Pennsylvania avenue to New York
avenue, about a quarter of a mile, I believe.
It makes little difference, however, what is the
precise quantity, as the bill provides that those
benefited shall pay their proportion of the
assessment for the cost of draining these lands
and arching the creek. The bill, I think, will
be found to be just in all its provisions.
Mr. KELSEir.. I think this bill ought to
be considered in Committee of the Whole. It
embraces several provisions which in my judg-
ment need discussion. 1 do not understand
from the reading of the bill to what use this
arch over the creek is to be put after it is made
or who are to have the benefit of it, the city
or the persons owning tho land along the bor-
ders of the creek.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I will explain to the
gentleman that Tiber creek is a crooked, ugly
channel, in which pools of stagnant water gen-
erate miasma and consequently disease. Every
one at all acquainted with the circumstances
knows that there is a necessity for covering or
arching over that crcek. The board of com-
missioners to be appointed under this bill will
assess at its fair value each piece of property
to be benefited by the draining. They are
sworn officers, and will take into ac'count, with
reference to each property, all the advantages
and disadvantages arising from the arching of
the creek. The lots and parts of lots lying
immediately on the creek will be most ben-
efited, but the board of commissioners will no
doubt assess justly each property interested
according to its share of the benefit. The whole
matter of adjusting the cost of this \sorkis left
to a board of commissioners. It is just the same
as it is iti relation to any corporation which is
entitled to take private property for public use.
I do not see that by going into Committee of
the Whole any further explanation could be
made. The bill seems to be desirable and sat-
isfactory to all the parties concerned. There
has not been a single objection to it from any
quarter. I will state further, that through the
public grounds south of Pennsylvania avenue
