1670.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3679
out having received the sanction of a larger
number of votes than any other competitor.
I frankly admit that my object in offering this
amendment is to correct a modern abuse of the
House of Representatives in these evil times.
The people frequently have given a large ma- j
jority to a particular candidate ; the opposing ]
candidate, who received a small minority of j
the vote, claimed the seat and contested the j
election; and it has been the custom of the ;
House of Representatives, with a view to in-
crease its majority, to displace the successful
candidate, whom the people by their votes had
placed in the seat, and to appoint in his stead
the candidate who has received but a small
minority of the votes.
I was struck with the case of a recent con-
tested election in the House of Representatives.
A very able and facetious member of the House
of Representatives, who is an ardent Repub-
lican, remarked to me facetiously in relation
to the contest of Mr. Sypher for a seat that
was held by a man who received the returns
of the election, and whose vote was four or
five times as large as that of the contestant,
"The House has established this rule in rela-
tion to the claims of Republican claimants to
seats that are occupied by Democratic mem-
bers : unless the claimant shall have received
ten and a half per cent, of the vote cast, the
House decides that he has not received a suffi-
cient number to entitle him to the seat, [laugh-
ter ;] but if the number claimed by the claim-
ant shall be equal to ten and a half per cent,
of the vote cast, it comes within the rule and
principle established by the House; the Radi-
cal contestant shall have the seat, and the
Democrat who has received such a large ma-
jority of the popular vote shall be ejected
from it, and shall be required to give it up to
the Radical contestant.'
I admit that in relation to the qualifications
arid returns of elections of members of the
House for the purpose of holding a seat the
judgment of the House is sole and conclusive;
but when an immoral act, such as the claim of
a seat in Congress under the force and effect
of a small minority rote, is involved, if a law
should pass making that a penal offense it
would not interfere with the judgment or the
effect of the judgment of the House in relation
to the right to the seat. The question of the
right to the seat as a member of the House, to
be decided by the House itself, and with a
view to every right to hold the seat and to
receive its perquisites, is a separate and dis-
tinct matter from that of making'such an im-
morality a penal offense and punished accord-
ing to law.
Mr. President, there is no man whose judg-
ment is not perverted but that will concede
that the claim and the holding of a seat and
the exercise and performance of its duties in
such a case as I have named would be a great
immorality, a great enormity, a great violation
of the principle of popular election and of the
principle of the Constitution upon which the
election is based. There ought to be some
redress for such wrongs, such crimes. They
are crimes in their nature; they are not mala
prohibita; they are mala in se, and they ought
to be treated as mala in se. They are moral
delinquencies; they are crimes against the Con-
stitution, against the principle of representa-
tion, against the ascendency of the popular voice
in matters of election that are regulated by the
Constitution, and they ought to be so treated
and so redressed by the law. The proposition
which I offer would so treat them, would so
punish them, would so prevent them.
The enforcement of such a principle as this
would put an end to such scandalous instances
of the violation of the principle of popular gov-
ernment and of the power and effect of major-
ities as have been so frequent in the House of
Representatives. Those precedents are scan-
dalous. They are derogatory and injurious to
the Government. They are in violation of
the fundamental and the vital principle of our
Government; and that is, of popular sovereignty
and the right of the people to be represented
in the Halls of Congress. I therefore conceive
that it is the duty of Congress to the people,
to themselves, to the purity of elections, to the I
principle of popular government to devise this
or some other means by which such outrages |
upon all as are so frequently perpetrated of late j
years by the House of Representatives may be
avoided. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POOL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, consisting of two sections. I under-
stand that the amendment which has been
adopted on tho motion of the Senator frotn
Indiana has been inserted as section five. If
so, I desire these to be inserted as sections six
and seven:
And be it further enacted. That if two or more per-
sons shall band or conspire together, or go in disguise
upon the public highway, or upon the premises of
another, with intent to violate any provision of this
act, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any
citizen with intent to prevent or hinder his free exer-
cise and enjoyment of any right or privilege granted
or secured to bim by the Constitution or laws of the
United States, or because of his having exercised the
same, such person shall be held guilty of felony, and
on convietion thereof.shall be fined and imprisoned;
the fine not to exceed $5,000, and the imprisonment
not to exoeed ten years; andshall, moreover, be there -
after ineligible to, and disabled from, holding any
office or place of honor, profit, or trust, created by the
Constitution or laws of the United States.
And be it further enacted. That if in the act of vio-
lating any provision in either of the two preceding
sections, any other felony, crime, or misdemeanor
shall be committed, the offender, on conviction of
such violation of said sections, shall be punished for
the same with such punishments as are attached to
like felonies, crimes, and misdemeanors by the laws
of the State in which the offense may bo committed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from North Carolina, to be inserted as sections
six and seven of the amendment offered as a
substitute.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POOL. I now desire to offer a substi-
tute for the twelfth section.
Mr. STEWART. £ hope that wilt not be
adopted. I hftpft the Senator from North Car-
olina will not press it.
Mr. POOL. I move to strike out the twelfth
section of the committee's amendment and to
insert in lieu of it the following:
And be it further enacted. That the President of the
United States may employ in any State such part of
the land and naval forces of the United States, or of
the militia, as be may deem necessary to enforce the
complete execution of this act; and with such forces
may pursue, arrest, and hold for trial all persons
charged with the violation of any of the provisions
of this act, and enforce the attendance of witnesses
upon the examination or trial of such persons.
My purpose in offering this amendment is to
extend the provisions of the twelfth section, as
it was in the original bill, to the enforcement
of the attendance of witnesses upon the trial.
The chief difficulty in the way of ehforcing the
law will be in securing the attendance of wit-
nesses. Another difference between the two
sections is this: the section as it stands in the
Senate bill reads in this wise:
Employ such part of the land or naval forces of
the United States, or of the militia, as shall bedeemed
necessary to prevent the violation and enforce the
due execution of this act.
I have left out in this amendment the phrase
" to prevent the violation of this act," in order,
if possible, to meet the objection which was
urged that it would allow the President to go
to the polls and surround them with troops ;
and I think it would make the section no
stronger to have it in.
Mr.. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. All the first part of
that section is wholly unnecessary. The Con-
stitution makes it the duty of the President to
take care that the laws are faithfully executed,
and he is Commander in Chief of the Army
and Navy. .That is suggestive enough on that
subject. The latter part of the section, which
requires the Army to go after witnesses to be
produced at the trial, is a proceeding which £
presume the Senator himself on reflection will
not urge us to adopt. Subpenaing witnesses
by process of martial law will not answer the
purpose.
Mr. POOL. I do not propose to subpena
witnesses by process of martial law at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand that the
Army are go out and catch them and bring
them into court.
Mr. POOL. I suppose the United States
marshal is to go after them, and he will have
to arrest them and carry them to court. If
United States trooprf are present I do not
know but that it would be indispensably ne-
cessary, in order to get the witnesses in many
instances, to have them brought by them, for
I think the obtaining of witnesses will meet
with as much resistance as the arrest of the
offenders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported again.
The Secretary read Mr. Pool's amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Now let the twelfth sec-
tion of the Senate bill be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful
for the Presidentof the United States to employ such
part of the land or naval forces of the United States,
or of the militia, as shall bedeemed necessary to pre-
vent the violation and enforce the due execution of
this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being on a division—ayes 6,
noes 34.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the second section, and if that should
be adopted, a similar amendment in the third
and fourth sections. I propose to amend the
second, section by striking out all after the word
•' shall,'1 in the fourteenth line, down to the
word "also," in the eighteenth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out in the second
section the following words :
For every such offense forfeit and pay the sum of
$500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to bo recov-
ered by an action on the case, with full costs and Buoh
allowance for counsel fees as the court shall deem
just, and shall also.
So that the clause will read:
And if any such person or officer shall refuse or
knowingly omit to give full effect to this section, he
shall for every such offense be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor,- and shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than $500, and he imprisoned not less
than one month, and not more than one year.
Mr. WILLEY. I think I noticed in the sec-
tion offered by the Senator from Indiana that
there is no fee given to the informer, and I
think that was a proper omission, if it was an
omission. I doubt exceedingly the policy and
the morality of this sort of remedial justice. I
think it will prove demoralizing to the com-
munity and will bring the elective franchise
itself into disrepute. It will give rise to annoy-
ing and petty litigation, and it will only be
resorted to by such men, perhaps, as will seek
the penalty for the sake of getting it, not as a
means of redressing the indignity and wrong
of preventing them from voting or in any way
interfering with the right of suffrage. Any voter
who properly values the right will feel himself
sufficiently avenged and sufficiently rewarded
by the penalty remaining in the section if this
clause be stricken out. That would vindicate
public policy. 1 think the penalty itself is of
sufficient magnitude to deter any person from
violating the law or incurring any such penalty.
