1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
vengeance in a broad ocean of forgiveness.
To build up, not to demolish ; to protect, not
to destroy ; to disenthrall, not to disfranchise,
was the universal intent. The very finger of
Providence seemed to fashion and shape
events so as to give expression to this mag-
nanimous, this majestic, this beneficent design.
Why, the first task of the first Federal regi-
ments which marched into Richmond was to
extinguish the flames retiring rebels had kin-
dled. The destroyers of armies were the pre-
servers of property ; the vanguard of victory
became the pioneers of reconstruction.
With this broad purpose of national recon-
struction upon a basis of universal emancipa-
tion, this people, with public virtue unparal-
leled, have during more than four years of
peace kept all the promises given when the
nation's blood was up and its martial ardor on
lire. For this they hare sacrificed not merely
treasure and blood, but their prejudices of race
and caste and party. They have approved
laws, however revolutionary ; they have ratified
constitutional changes, however great; they
have indorsed legislation, however distasteful,
for the purpose of securing the great result of
Union and freedom forwhich they contended,
and because that result could not otherwise be
secured. The people have done this with a
sacrificing, with a magnanimous, with a liberal
spirit; and any legislation with regard to the
South not inspired by that spirit and not pred-
icated upon that idea will fail to receive their
indorsement. Sir, if we give to the simulated
apprehensions of the ambitious, to the slanders
of the spiteful, to the spleen of the disap-
pointed, legislation with regard to the South
such as is proposed in the bill of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction—legislation in violation
of implied compact, in excess of previous con-
dition, and not necessary for any wise purpose
whatsoever—we shall not, in my opinion, be
indorsed by the people.
Sir, we said in effect last April that if Vir-
ginia would ratify the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Federal Constitution and
adopt a Slate constitution republican in form
we would admit her. She has fulfilled these
conditions. She has adopted a State consti-
tution as republican as that of Massachusetts;
she has ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments ; she has not attempted, and the
honor of her Legislature and her Executive is
pledged that she will not attempt, to evade or
nullify the action she has taken. She professes
good faith ; she promises honest cooperation.
Sir, why should we not keep our promise?
Why should we attempt now to higgle, to hes-
itate, to make new bargains with her? Why
exact new conditions—conditions which are
ineffectual, illogical, and inoperative as con-
ditions, frivolous and impotent as congressional
declarations, and unwise and injurious as par-
tisan expressions?
Why, sir, it is claimed by gentlemen upon
this floor—by the distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore, J and by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,] who
addressed the House last night—that Virginia
has not repented; that she is not "recon-
structed in spirit;" that her "poverty and not
her will consents." Are we here, sir, to delib-
erate upon spirit philosophy, to decree upon
transcendentalisms, to legislate upon the moral
and mental idiosyncracies of the Virginians,
as interpreted by the raps which for weeks past
have showered in ghostly procession upon the
door of the room where the Committee on
Reconstruction have been surrounded and be-
sieged by the representatives of contending
factions? Our compact of April lfst was to
the effect that if Virginia would provide in her
constitution for giving colored men the right
to vote and hold office we would admit her.
Well, sir, sho has fulfilled that condition, and
now it is proposed to say that she is admitted,
provided and ujion the "fundamental condi-
tion" that she will not change or alter her con-
stitution in these particulars. Do not gentle-
men on the Republican side of the House see
that we are measurably giving away our posi-
tion ; that we are surrendering our fortress to
the enemy—if there be an enemy—when v;e
admit that Virginia could change her organic
law so as to deprive her colored citizens of the
right to vote and hold office? Let us be logical
if we cannot be magnanimous; let us be wise
if we cannot be confiding.
In order to achieve the result we seek, in
order to assist those whom we would succor,
in order to protect the colored people of the
South from fraud and oppression, we must
rely on two things: first, upon the honor and
good faith of those with whom we deal; and
next, upon our own power to remedy the result
of any misconduct of theirs. And vet it is pro-
posed in this bill to dispute their good faith,
to question their honor, and to deny their
intention to keep their pledges, the while by
implication we ignore and repudiate or at least
doubt and distrust our own power to punish
them or remedy the treachery of which we
suspect them in advance.
If you pass this bill you make a crime with-
out a penalty, a law without a provision for
its enforcement, fundamental conditions with-
out any supplemental consequences. Why,
sir, all opposition to universal suffrage and
equality of political rights in Virginia is killed.
The white-locked Prince Hal, who slew the
last Hotspur of chivalry, was too wise to attach
the fortunes of the progressive party of Vir-
ginia to a proscriptive policy. Shall we then
emulate the example of ancient Falstaff, and with
this bright sword which the Committee on Re-
construction give us thrust the body of the
dead Hotspur, and congratulate ourselves upon
the possession of so much ex post facto cour-
age?
This remarkable bill further proposes that
all persons in the State of Virginia who now
hold or who may hereafter hold office shall be
compelled to take an oath, which I will desig-
nate for the sake of brevity as the fourteenth
amendment oath. Unless the purpose of the
committee be to place beyond the pale of con-
gressional clemency all persons who do not
take that oath, that is, so far as holding office
in Virginia is concerned, I fail to comprehend
the object of it. If there be any man now in
Virginia or elsewhere in the United States who
holds an office who cannot take that oath he
may be removed by the operation of a writ of
quo warranto issued out of the proper courts.
Why not leave such an illegal office-holder, if
such there be, to the process of the court
and the tender mercy of his rival? Why seek
to make every petty infraction of law the
ground for inserting another "fundamental
condition ? " It is certainly within the power
of Congress to pass a general law compelling
all office-holders to take what I call the four-
teenth amendment oath, and to punish with
perjury those who take it falsely. If it has not
hitherto been deemed wise by Congress to pass
such a general law ; if it is not now deemed
necessary to pass such a general law, why enact
one for Virginia alone in the shape of a funda-
mental condition ; why enact it in the shape
of a special law destitute, at least, of the vital-
izing, the essential particular of providing a
penalty for a crime which it proposes to create ?
Well, sir, it is further proposed in this bill
as another fundamental "condition" that the
present officers of the State of Virginia shall
continue to discharge the duties of their re-
spective offices until their successors shall be
duly chosen or appointed. The committee have
not condescended to explain to us the object,
of this provision. I for one do not understand
it,, and 1 will not attempt to criticise it. I sup-
pose that ail the gentlemen who now hold office
in the State of Virginia will continue to bold
their offices until their successors shall claim
them. Such disinterested kindness on the part
of officeholders is not uncommon in Virginia
or elsewhere. But it is, perhaps, beyond the
power of Congress—if newspaper reports and
public rumor be true it is quite beyond the
power of Congress—to enforce the letter of this
law with regard to some of these gentlemen,
who never did and never can " discharge the
duties of their respective offiees."
Mr. Speaker, why these addenda to the sim-
ple provisions admitting Virginia? Wherefore
the use of them? Suppose the State of Vir-
ginia, the Legislature of Virginia, or the peo-
ple of Virginia -shall hereafter violate any-or
all of these "fundamental conditions," what
is to be done about it? It will not he contended
that such violation- would ipso facto - return
Virginia to her present political position. -It
would be necessary in such event to come to
Congress for a remedy, or for a pnnishih-ent of
those who should act in violation ofthese "fund-
amental conditions;" and Congress woulddegis-
late for the protection of the people of Vir-
ginia from fraud and violence, if such should be
necessary, without these "fundamental con-
ditions." I for one am not disposed to sur-
render by implication the substance of con-
gressional power for the shadow of conditions
which are not fundamental at last, but supple-
mentary ; which areinoperative and ioeflfbctu&l;
which are conditions prescribed by one party
but not agreed to by the other, and which are
useless in my judgment for any wise purpose
whatsoever. • . ■■
Sir, in all proper parliamentary deGorum,
and with the expression of high esteem for fee
members of the Committee on Reconstruction,
it seems to me that the committee, as a com-
mittee, have given us a bill which is neither
one thing nor the other. "The mountain has
labored and brought forth a mouse." Perhaps
the shock to its system imparted by the proceed-
ings had in this House upon the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] on
Monday last, and the weakness caused by the
absence of its chairman and principal physi-
cian, have precipitated a result which other-
wise might have been moi*3 mature if not more
felicitous.
The proposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Whittemobe]—the audacious
proposition to expel all the members of the
Virginia Legislature who cannot take the test-
oath and supply their places with gentlemen
who could take any oath except to swear that
they were elected—that proposition has at
least the merit of boldness and purpose. There
is a tang of defiance in it; there is what a
distinguished Senator at the other end of the
Capitol calk "grit" in it. But this bill is
meaningless flaccid, inoperative, nerveless,
worthless, except for the purpose of inflicting
indignity upon Virginia. Why, sir, should
we insult, and harass, and worry, and annoy,
this unhappy Commonwealth? What has she
done to deserve such treatment at our hands?
I know there have been recitals of outrage ;
such will always be the case so long as bad
men and reckless men are constituent elements
of civil society. I know there are tales of fraud
and terrorism at the polls ; such are a part of
the minority history of almost every election.
I know that some of our friends were not suc-
cessful in obtaining office; such has been
sometimes the case in communities with better
reputations for political wisdom than Virginia.
But what then ? We cannot, or at least we
ought not, to seek to remedy all petty wrongs,
to redress all petty grievances, and to revenge
all failures of our friends to succeed by the
strong arm of congressional power. We roust
leave something to time, something to persua-
sion, something to local legislation, something
to the good sense, the good faith, and the honor
of the people with whom we deal.
Here is a State once prosperous and domi-
nant, and always proud ; a State which gave
four Presidents to the republic and an empire
to its domain; a State which entered with
hesitation and reluctance into a conspiracy to
destroy the Government, by whose cradle she
had sat in years long gone by; a State which
furnished the principal battle-fields in the most
