1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tiber creek lias already been arched, as an}'
gentleman can see who is acquainted with
the locality. I do not know that this bill will
affect any public property whatever.
Mr. COBURN. Is any appeal provided for
from the decision of the board of commission-
ers to some district court? There ought to be.
Mr. GILFILLAN. The bill in that respect
is like other bills giving corporations the right
to take private property for public use. Parties
aggrieved may have recourse to the courts.
Mr. COBURN. There ought to be an appeal
provided for. I move to add to section three
the following:
And in all cases an appeal from the decision of the
board of commissioners shall lio to the supreme
court of the Distriot of Columbia.
Mr. COOK. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kelrey.] I understand that no property of
the Government is at all affectcd by this bill.
The Government have already arched Tiber
creek through their property. This bill pro-
vides that for the space of a quarter of a mile,
where Tiber creek is a nuisance and an offense
to the citizens of the District, it shall be arched,
and that, the property benefited—and some
will be benefited because it will be raised and
leveled—shall, in proportion to the benefit re-
ceived, pay the expense of the work. All the
citizens whose interests are involved, so far as I
know, without a single exception, desire this
to be done. I think there can be no possible
objection to the bill. It makes no appropria-
tion and none is asked for.
Mr. KELSEY. I have no objection to it.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I move the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported by the Committee
for the District of Columbia were agreed to.
The question then was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Cobbkx.
Mr. COOK. I think an amendmentis neces-
sary to that amendment, and if there be no
objection I will move to add to it the words
"on givi ng bonds to be approved by said court.''
By unanimous consent the amendment to
the amendment was entertained and agreed to.
Mr. Coburn's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted. s
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that ihe motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE MOM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the bill (H.
R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B. Sabin, of Harris
county, Texas, from legal and political die-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill
(II. R. No. 1595) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for taking the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of members of the House of
Representatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States," ap-
proved May 23, 1850, with an amendment; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to Senate joint resolution No. 75, in
relation to the printing for the use of the
Department of State of additional copies of
documents emanating from that Department.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 746) authorizing the First
National Bank of Dellii, New York, to change
its location ; and
A bill (S. No. 774) to authorize the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company, or
its assigns, to change the established line of
said road in the State of Nebraska.
NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with a
substitute, Senate bill No. 414, declaring the
construction of an act to incorporate the
National Theological Institute, approved May
10,1866, and also an act to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, and to define and extend the
powers of the same," approved March 2,1867.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
the seat of operations of the National Theo-
logical Institute and University incorporated
under an act approved May 10,1866, which act
was amended and extended by an act approved
March 2, 1867, shall be located within-the city
of Washington, Disti'ictof Columbia; provided
that nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to prevent said corporation from
establishing such branches without the limits
of tbeDistrictas may be now authorized by law.
The substitute was agreed to, and the bill as
amended was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOINT TENANCY.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment, House bill No. 1456, to abolish
joint tenancy in the District of Columbia.
The bill, which was read, provides that
eslates in joint tenancy in the District of Co-
lumbia shall bo, and they are hereby, abol-
ished, unless such estate be expressly declared
in the will or deed creating the same; pro-
vided, that every estate vested in executors
or trustees, as such, shall be held in joint
tcnancy.
The amendment was to insert after the words
"are hereby abolished " the words " and all
such estates hereafter created shall be con-
strued to be tenancies in common."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read & third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. McKENZIE, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
amendments, House billNo. 1724, to authorize
a subscription by the corporate authorities of
the city of Washington to the capital stock of
the Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire Rail-
road Company, or the Washington and Ohio
Railroad Company, as the ease may be.
The amendments, which were mostly verbal,
were then agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. ALLISON. This appears from the title
to be a bill of some importance. I would like
to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. McKENZIE. This Loudon and Hamp-
shire railroad is one upon which some two
million dollars have been expended, and some
forty-five miles of the road have been con-
structed. It is a shorter route by one hun-
dred miles than any other to the Ohio river.
It has been thought proper to allow the cor-
poration of Washington to aid in the construc-
tion of this work upon a two-thirds- vote of
its citizens, stock being issued to the citizens
of Washington in proportion to the amount
they may be taxed for this purpose. It is
expected that the road will be completed to
the Ohio river within the next two or three
years.
Mr. ALLISON. Does this bill involve any
liability on the part of the Government 1
Mr. McKENZIE. None at all.
Mr. COOK. This bill, as now amended,
authorizes the city of Washington, by a two-
thirds vote of its citizens in favor of such a
proposition, to loan $1,000,000 to this corpor-
ation. I have no doubt myself that this road
will be of as much advantage to this city as
any road which can be built. If it is proper
to make a subscription for any purpose of the
kind this is a case which would justify it. This
bill is carefully guarded so as to prevent any
wrong being done. The naked question is
here presented whether a municipal corpora-
tion ought to be allowed to subscribe to the
capital stock of any incorporation. For my
own part I have always thought it should not,
speaking simply for myself. But I wanted to
present the question fairly to the House. It is
but fair to say that this road, if constructed,
would be unquestionably of great benefit to this
city.
Mr. ALLISON. Is there any provision in
this bill by which the proper expenditure of
the money raised under it is absolutely secured,
so that the road will be built?
Mr. COOK. The persons who maybe taxed
for the purpose of aiding this road are to be
provided with stock in proportion to the amount
of tax each one i& called upon to pay, and they
will in that way be represented in the direction
of the road.
Mr. McKENZIE. The property-holders of
the city of Washington are in favor of the bill.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. McKE NZ1E moved to reconsider th e vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
z. c. BOBBINS.
Mr. COWLES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 1095) for the relief of Z. C. Robbing,
late register for the county of Washington and
District of Columbia; and moved that the same
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SCHOOL TEACHERS.
Mr. COWLES also reported back from the
Committee for the District of Columbia a res-
olution instructing the committee to inquire
what legislation is necessary to secure the
monthly salaries of the teachers in the public
schools of Washington ; and moved that the
same be laid on the table, and that the report
be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The report is as follows:
To the House of Representatives ;
The Committee for the Distriot of Columbia, to
whom was referred the resolution of the House
adopted March 16,1870, directing this committee to
inquire and report what further legislation, if any,
is required to secure the regular monthly payment
of the salaries of the teachers of the public schools
of the city of Washington, do report that they liavo
