1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
to those bonds described in the third section
of the bill. It is limited to the $400,000,000
loan provided for in the third section of the
bill-
Mr. SUMNER. But section five is appli-
cable to all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but I have
changed the whole form of it. If the Seuator
will hear it again read he will understand it.
Mr. SUMNERi J should like to have it
priuted. It is a very important proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only strike out a single
word in the printed copy of the bill and insert
a few words which I will ask to have read
again.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let it be reported
again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island yield for this dis-
cussion ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say to the Chair
that I do not intend to occupy the attention of
the Senate in any speech, but simply on mat-
ters of inquiry. I do not claim the floor at
anv time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be again reported.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to theamendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio to the fifth section
of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
strike out the word "either." He desires,
of course, that these coupons should be made
payable at one and also at any of the other
places named.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can come up after-
ward.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After you
have adopted the amendment you cannot
change it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment does not
affect that word at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yon reinsert
the word "either." The word "either"
should be left out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not offered any
amendment to that portion of the section, but
only to a previous portion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That part
of the section will be open to amendment
afterward. '
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator whether in that case the principal
will be made payable in sterling money, in
francs, or in thalers?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. The principal
of all these bonds is payable in American coin
at the Treasury of the United States. This
authority only extends to a portion of the cou-
pons of the $400,000,000 four per cent, bonds.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is changed from dol-
lars to sterling or francs or thalers, of course
that would confine those bonds to Europe,
and they could not be returned to this country
unless we cut off the coupons and seat them
back to Europe to be collected there. In case
the bonds should come back here, the coupons
would have to be sent there for the payment
of the interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the advantagesof
a foreign loan is that it will not come - back
here; it will not float back. That is on© of
the advantages very properly urged by the
Senator from Indiana, that a bond of this
kind would not probably come back here at
nil, because the interest being'paid abroad, it
would not float back here by any revulsion or
sudden change of the money market.
Mr. CORBETT. If we are exporting cot-
ton, and other products of oor country to an
extent that we can make the exchange, and
we can get bonds for those products, I should
like to have those bonds flow back here again,
so that they will come into our own country
and the interest be made payable here. That
is one objection, I think, to bonds being made
payable abroad, that they cannot flow back
here. If they should be made payable in the
United States the holders can send them here
and collect their coupons; but if we make them
payable abroad we have got to send our coupons
there to be collected in Europe. If Americans
hold them, and they are made payable in francs
or thalers, they will have to be sent abroad for
payment. It seems to me that that is a great
objection to makiug any of these bonds pay-
able abroad.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, hearing
the amendment read, I supposed I understood
its effect; but seeing Senators about me doubt,
I should like to be sure of my impression. As
the section now stands the Secretary, in his
discretion, may make payable abroad the cou-
pons of any of the bonds authorized indiscrim-
inately, and of course of all the bonds author-
ized. Should the amendment prevail, the
section will be so restricted that the Secretary
must confine his action in making coupons
payable abroad to $400,000,000, and that
$400,000,000 must be the four per cent, bonds,
and can be no others.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has stated
it correctly.
Mr. CONKLING. Such being the amend-
ment, I think the opponents of this section
must admit that it is an improvement, because
it obviates objections in a degree, and in some
respects altogether. It does not, to be sure,
mitigate all the objections. We have been
admonished that the chief ground of opposi-
tion to bondB payable abroad in foreign cur-
rencies is one of sentiment. I must admit that
if I believed the objection of sentiment the
strongest objection, my inclination would be
strong to vote against such a foreign loan. This
is one of the cases in which I should be willing
to pay something for feeling and appearances.
I would submit to something rather than make
the consols of the Republic payable in for-
eign lands. A shop in Amsterdam, Berlin, or
Frankfort on the Main, is not so satisfactory as
the Treasury of the United States, as the place
of payment and redemption.
But, Mr. President, there are objections to
section five, some of which will remain should
the section be amended as proposed. We are
told that a saving is to be accomplished by
making payment abroad; and I have beard it
presented in the Rebate a# if payment here
would involve as a loss to the holder the whole
cost of collection here, whereas payment in
Europe would involve no loss at all to the
I United States. I heard it once so stated, and
j afterward the honorable chairman of the Com-
j mittee on Finance said payment abroad would
iuvolve the loss of not more than a quarter
or a half per cent., that being the net cost of
exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. The cost of transporting
the gold.
Mr. CONKLING, Or, to put it in other
language, as the Senator does now, the cost of
transporting the gold. This matter deserve®
consideration. First of all, what is to be the
real rate of interest we are to establish ? Let
me speak, for illustration, of the five per cent,
bond. Already it has been exempted from the
income tax. That is a quarter of one per cent.
Now, it is to have an advantage by a coupon,
payable abroad, of att additional half per cent.,
in round numbers of one half per cent, of tbe
interest.
Mp. SHERMAN. One half per cent.
Mr. CONKLING. An additional half per
cent, upon the coupons or the interest; so that
a quarter of one per cent, of the principalis
added as exemption from the income tax, and
a half of one per cent, upon the interest as a
saving of cost to the holder in collecting his
interest. Speaking of a five per cent, bond,
the Senate m u^t see we are giving such elements
of value, such buoyancy, and such exemptions
to it, that we are getting considerably above
five per cent, in the bona we propose, and we
arc realizing only « part of that great advan-
tage which is justly spoken of as of such over-
mastering importance, cheapening the interest
| on the public debt.
I But again, Mr. President, if the section is to
embrace all of thes<; bonds to go abroad, it is
to embrace $1,000,000,000, because the theory
I of the bill is that it is to succeed, not that it is
to fail, and there is held abroad, in round num-
bers, $1,000,000,000 of our bonds. Taking five
percent, asthebasisol'calculation, $25,000,000
in gold semi-annually must be " transported "
I to Europe, as the honorable Senator from Ohio
! now says, speaking of the cost of making the
payments of interest.
At this point we encounter a most important
consideration in estimating the cost and the
consequence of such a transaction. Need I
argue that $25,000,000 of gold twice a year, on
a day absolutely fixed in advance, to be trans-
| ported from this country to Europe, introduces
1 a very ungovernable and dangerous force into
i the monetary affairs of the country ? Who
does not know how much harm $5,000,000
moved one way or the other has done ? Who
does not remember the effect of cornering less
than $11,000,000 of currency some time ago?
VVhodoubts that the transportation "in flock,"
to borrow a phrase, of $25,000,000 twice a year
; is not-a thing to be done, if we cati avoid it?
It may be answered to this that the $1,000,-
000,000 being held abroad, and the coupons
being sent here for payment, the asportation
of coin must actually take place. But that
answer is erroneous, for several reasons. In
i the first place, it is not true that coupons from
bonds held abroad come in a body. They come
! gradually. Their arrival is extended over a
| period of time. In the next place, they are
used not only,as I think some Senator said, to
i pay for cotton, or for such commodities as are
: to be paid for here, but they adjust balances
i in the regular course of trade; and therefore
there is no such thing as the periodical trans-
i portaiion of coin in half-yearly sums.
But again,-as I think every banker that has
had experience on this subject will testify, as
some of them have testified to me after having
actually transacted the business, a large part
of the dues collected upon coupons sent here
from abroad is reinvested here. Jf it does
not adjust.balances or pay debts in some form,
it, to a considerable extent, remains here. Sip
that everybody must see that the difference is
very wide between an absolute asportation of
coin every six months, amounting to $25,000,-
000, and the adjustments, the arrangements,
: the settlement of balances, and tbe conclusion
j of transactions which effect the payment of
i tbe coupons belonging to foreign-held bonds,
i Confining payment abroad to $-100,000,000
diminishes of course greatly the evils of which
■ I have now.particularly spokeu. Giving tke^
j bonds an additional value of a half per cent, of
the interest, if you please,,or whatever sum you
j take for the illustration? p.nd giving them the
value which arisestyy exemption from the in-
come tax,, imuttuoh as the face of the bpnd
calls for only tour per cent, interest, yoM have
still,,a cheap boodj and confining the sum
total of bonds, the interest upon which, is to
be paid abroad, to $400,000,000, you have but
a part, less than one half, of the difficulty and
the danger and the disadvantage incident to
shipments of gold fof payment of semi-annual
interest.
I say thus much, Mr. President, in reference
to the amendment, because being presented
j only now and not printed it is new, and it seems
: to me thatit is fair to say so much in commend-
ation of it. Still, I am not ready to vote for
i section five, even though tbe amendment prg-
: vails. The section then will be without any
precedeut,I say with deference, in our history,
i without any precedent whatever. The Senator
I from Massachusetts, in assailing this section,
i felt constrained to admit that during the late
! war there had been a precedent. I say no, Mr.
i j President. I speak from general recollection.
; I have not looked for the present occasion, but
