4624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
A bill (H. R. No. 2250) for the relief of
John Wilson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2251) for the relief of
Charles T. Martin;
A bill (H. R. No. 2254) for the relief of
Barbara Schorr, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 334) for the
relief of George T. Wright, administrator of
John T. Wright, deceased ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of
A bill (H. R. No. 2243) for the relief of
James R. Young;
A bill (H. R. No. 2252) for the relief of
Malinda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon,
deceased, of Greene county, Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief of
John Turner, sen., of Union county, Tennessee,
for services rendered in piloting recruits to the
Union Army;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 385) for the
relief of Dr. John H. McQuown, of Illinois ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) tor the
relief of Captain William O. Sides; 8,nd
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bills arid joint
resolution without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 724) for the relief of James
M. Trotter and William H. Dupree;
A bill (S. No. 800) for the relief of John E.
Griffin;
A bill (S. No. 582) for the relief of George
W. Tarleton;
A bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of J. Allen
Porter; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 115) to provide
for the payment of the claim of Martha A.
Estill, administratrix of the estate of James
M. Estill, deceased, Redick McKee, and Pablo
de la Toba.
The message farther announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 101) for the relief of Lewis D. Smith, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
settlement of accounts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now lay before the Senate the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 459) to authorize the settlement of the
accounts of officers of the Army and Navy,
called up when the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] was out of his seat.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That no settlement shall be made by the
officers of the Treasury under tins act which shall
exceed the sum of $5,000, and only of such officers of
tho Army and Navy and ot the pay department in
whoso accounts thero is no apparent fraud against
tho United States: And provided further. That this
act shall remain in lorce for two years from and
after its passage, and no longer.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will vote
on this amendment; it will take but a moment.
I move that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment limits
Ihe settlement to accounts where tho amount
does not exceed $5,000. That will notaccom-
plish the object, I believe, for I understand
many of these officers have very large unset-
tled accounts ; they are unable to furnish the
vouchers which were required by the regulations
of the War Department, Commissary and Quar-
termaster General's offices, where their papers
were lost in battle perhaps, sometimes cap-
tured, and where the officers themselves have
been kilied. If the settlement is limited to
So,000 cases, would it not be better to non-
concur, and have a committee of conference to
an ange the matter in some way?
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the question of
the Senator from Illinois, I have to say that
it will not reach all the cases thatl think ought
to be reached ;butl am informedthatthe com-
mittee in the House of Representatives on this
subject went to the Department, made1 a most
searching investigation, and found that it will
reach most of the cases except some where
there is suspicion of fraud, and in accordance
with their advice the House has amended the
bill in this form. It certainly will not reach
all the cases, and I think we shall have to have
some other legislation on the subject; but this
will reach a great portion of the cases, and I
think we had better adopt it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not object if the
Senator is satisfied with it; but it occurred to
me that it was a limitation which ought not to
be put upon the measure.
The amendment was concurred in.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask to have the
amendment reported ?
Tho Chief Clerk. Tho amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is to insert at the
end of the pending amendment:
Provided, That tho postage on all let ters, whether
Eassing through the mails, or collected or delivered
y postal agents, shall be at tho uniform rate of one
cent fur each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, something
has been said in this discussion on the question
of what the people desire. The chairman of
the committee urges that there are petitions
without number in favor of the abolition of the
franking system, and when reminded of how
these petitions come here he smiles. I have
had placed in my hands by one of the Senators
from Kansas a memorandum in regard to that
State, from which it appears that "twenty-
three petitions have been presented by Senator
Ross, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege, and embracing eight hundred and
forty-seven names; four petitions by Senator
Pomeroy, embracing one hundred and eighty
names, being in all one thousand and twenty-
seven. There was also presented by the Vice
President a resolution of the Legislature of
Kansas in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege.
This paper shows that but one thousand and
twenty-seven out of six hundred thousand peo-
ple in the State of Kansas have petitioned for
the abolition of tho franking system. There
are about three hundred post offices in that
State, from all of which but twenty-seven peti-
tions have been returned, and the most of those
are from the smaller offices.
I presume, if you should go through all the
States, you would find a similar report to that
now made from the State of Kansas, that the
number of petitions are small, very small, com-
pared with the effort made to obtain them. If
there were a corresponding effort made to
ascertain the sentiment of the people in regard
to cheap postage you would find a very differ-
ent return. Then petitions would come in
earnest, and countless almost in number.
As an illustration of public sentiment, which
in my mind goes beyond these artificial peti-
tions, I quote from the Commercial Advertiser
of New'York a brief article on the recent
debate. It is entitled " Cheap Postage :"
"Senator Sumner argued tho other day that if tho
franking privilege were done away with penny post-
ago should be inaugurated. That is just what the
people want, and he would be sustained by men of
all parties in bringing forward a bill to effect such a
postal reduction, The results attending the reduc-
tion of letter postage from ten to three cents war-
rant abeliof that similar results would follow another
reduction. Kelieved of the tons of worthless frank-
ing matter which they now transmit all over the
oountiy from Washington, the mails would be in
good trim to carry tho additional heavy amount of
private matter which would follow a reduction of
postage to one cent."
But another authority, to which I confess I
bow on this subject, because I know that on
all questions of this kind it is one of great
weight, is the New York Independent. Sen-
ators about me know some of the editors of
that journal, and particularly the gentleman
who is now on that paper who has given his
life to the study of this very question. In a
recent number of that paper I find an article
entitled, "The impracticable rule of postage,"
of course referring to the existing rule, and
also referring to what has been said in another
paper. I read a short extract :
"Tho rulo that 'those who uso tho mails should
pay the cost' is incapable of a practical application,
because tho cost varies continually as the mail
routes are productive or otherwise. The true theory
of our postago is that tho (government establishes
and supports the mails for tho public good, running
them across the continent and among the scattered
settlements as tho public good demands, and charg-
ing rates of postage on letters and papers as the
public good requires. The cost of tho unproductive
routes is as proper a charge ou tho Treasury as the
cost of tho Navy or fortifications"—
I wish my excellent friend before me, the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] would
take a note of that. "The cost of the unpro-
ductive routes is as proper a charge on the
Treasury as the cost of the Navy or fortifica-
tions. '' The Senator says he does not dispute
it. Then a convert is gained—
"Tho exporimontin England has proved that cheap
postage on letters is as great a public blessing as wo
have found by long experience that cheap postage
on newspapers is, and therefore as worthy an ob-
ject of regard hyourGovcrnmont. At the same time
it has proved that a one-centrate is sufficient to pay
all the expense that is justly chargeable to letter
postage, and is sure to promote a constant and rapid
increase to tho great benefit of a tree people."
I consider that tho true doctrine is expressed
in this last sentence, "a one-cent rate is suf-
ficient to pay all t.lie expense that is justly
chargeable to letter postage." But the ques-
tion is propounded by my friend from Wiscon-
sin, " Will it pay; can this bo done without a
loss to the revenue?" I have already answered
that inquiry before. I have shown what the
loss might be at the beginning, but how that
would be sure to be made up and corrected by
tho increasing number of letters. The Senat or
shakes his head, but he does not take into
account that when we abolish the franking
system, according to the report of the Post-
master General, we at once gain $5,000,000.
The Senator smiles. He smiles not at me; he
smiles at the Postmaster General, for the Post-
master General in his report tells us that it is
only fair to say that we lose §5,000,000 annu-
ally through the franking system ; and, in short,
he says that in order to make things equal the
Government ought to allow the Post Office on
account of the franking system §5,000,000
annually. Therefore that item, the Senator
will observe, must be struck out of the deli-
ci en cy—§5,000,000.
Then comes the burden of these outlying
routes; which, I have already shown by various
illustrations, amounts to a very large annual
sum. That burden is justly chargeable, I in-
sist, upon the nation ; for it is the nation that
is chiefly benefited by those routes.
I have already discussed the underlying prin-
ciple which comes into activity the moment
you reduce the postage to the smallest possible
rate. I hesitate to take time, but I am determ-
ined that this discussion shall not stand on
my unsupported authority. I shall, therefore,
present to the Senate the language of others
which has continued for sometime unanswered,
and which, I think, challenges an answer. 1
have before me the admirable Essay on Cheap
Postage, by Joshua Leavitt, well known to my
colleague as a gentleman of remarkable abil
ity, high principle, and purity of life, one of
our thorough old-fashioned anti-slavery men,
who, while warring against slavery, devoted
himself to human improvement in every other
direction. One subject that occupied much
of his attention was cheap postage. I have in
■ my hand his essay on that subject, from which
I will read a brief passage :
"These facts prove that there is a settled law in
