1792
¥fi8 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
I invite any Senator to correct me itt the state-
ment I make.
I say, first, that during the war and daring
the history of the Republic there has never
been emitted by the United States a security
to be used in negotiating a loan payable in a
foreign country. I say there has never been
such a security emitted or even authorized by
the United States, answerable in the currency
of any foreign nation; and I say that there has
never been established or even authorized
American agencies abroad such as those pro-
posed to us now. I heard the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio the other day refer to early
acts which provided for the emission of secur-
ities payable in gilders and in sterling. Yes,
sir; and I ask to be corrected if I am wrong
in my recollection that every one of those acts
will be found to have been in execution of treaty
stipulations.
When we purchased Louisiana payments
were to be made abroad, and provision was
made accordingly in one of the acts referred
to, and when other territory was purchased
and other conventions were held, and it became
necessary to make payments abroad, suitable
provisions were introduced; but if there be an
instance in which the United States negotiated
a loan, and made the securities which it nego-
tiated payable abroad, principal or interest,
or in any foreign currency, whether the place
of payment was at home or abroad, or payable
by dint of agencies established abroad, I do
not know-the year in which it occurred nor the
volume of the statutes in which it appears.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
liad reference, I presume, to provisions very
different from the one proposed.
There are in the statute-book two acts which,
With the exception of the section we are dis-
cussing, contain all the power proposed to be
'conferred by the pending bill for the purpose
Of funding the public debt. These statutes live
and speak to-day, and I repeat contain all that
this bill contains of power to refund the public
debt, and I allude to this fact asexpre&s^ng my
dissent from the statement made by the Seftator
from Massachusetts to-day and by other Sen-
ators, that this measure is one of transcendent
importance.
• No, Mr. President,-1 humbly submit- this
measure ia not one of transcendent import-
ante. It is of overmastering consideration
and importance to cheapen the interest 6n the
public debt'; in other words, to refund the pub-
lic debt It does not follow that this bill ot
any new funding1 bill is of vast importance.
Were this bill to go down to the sepnlcher of
nnconsidefed bills, or had it never been pre-
sented for consideration, still it would be true
that there lives trad speaks in the statute-book
now, (and so it has been for: three years,)
authority ample for the purpose of refunding
the pftblic debt at the lowest interest possible,
an autlibrity as full for the purpose as is givftn
by this bill, saving only the provision making
payment abroad and constituting agencies for
that purpose.
The sections touching banks areriOt of bourse
embraced in my remark.
Returning now to the observation I .was
Oto make upon the absence of a -preice-
3r making bonds payable abroad-in for-
eign currencies, I have both the acts here to
which the Senator from Massachusetts mast
have referred, and have turned to them to be
sure that I-was right in myTecollection of them.
There have' been two acts, and they stitl sub-
sist unrepealed and unsnperseded, in which a
provision occurs in these words:
' "And to dispose of the same in the United States
or elsewhere.
That is the provision, and under that pro-
vision it is that $1,000,000,000 is held abroad
which has biwn " disposed of elsewhere:"
Mr. MORTON. Not by the Government of
the United States. 1 '
- Mr. CONKLING. ' That istrtie. -Idid not
say they tfere "disposed of bf thfe--Govern-
ment of the United States." I say the author-
ity to the-Secretary of the Treasury was to dis-
pose of them in the United States orelsewhere,
and I add that they have been disposed of
elsewhere; but the Senator is right in saying
"not bythe Government of the United States,''
and I did not intend to say and did not say
"disposed of bythe Government of the United
States."
But. Mr. President, these are bonds payable
in dollars; and there is, therefore, no resem-
blance, nd cousinship whatever, no matter how
remote, between these acts or the obligations
issued under them and the provision of the
pending bill and the obligations it contem-
plates.
I am not prepared to say that imagination
might not suggest or that actual experience
might not present some inducements 60 great
as to overmatch my objection and repugnance
to such a provision; but I am compelled to con-
fess up to this moment that I have not heard
an argument sufficient, as it seems to me, to
induce the Senate to establish agencies, that
is, to open shops or places of business, in Lon-
don, Paris, Berlin, Amsterdam, and Frankfort
on the Main, and to make answerable there in
foreign currencies theobligations of the Repub-
lic. My instinct ia against it, and I confess my
judgment is unconvinced.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I shall de-
tain the Senate but a moment. The argument
Of the honorable Senator from New York now,
based on the statute of April 12, 1866, I an-
swered I think Completely, at least to my own
satisfaction, a year or two ago, and when the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
alluded to ittheother day I did not deem itneces-
sary to enter into a reply; but I -will say that no
Secretary of the Treasury would ever venture to
undertake to fund the public debt of the United
8tates under the authority conferred by the
act Of April 12, 1866, for the simple reason
that that act is functus officio, its office has
been performed, and the bonds and Treasury
notes then outstanding upon which it could
operate have all been funded, or the whole
character of the security has been changed.
The act of April 12,1886, was an act simply in-
tended to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to fund the floating debt of the United States
which was then in the form of five per cent,
certificates and various other forms of floating
indebtedness. Since that time more than a
thousand millions of the debt of the United
States has changed its form, and consequently
the act cannot possibly apply now; and it seems
to me that no Secretary of the Treasury would
undertakethe tdsk of funding the debt under the
general provisions of the act of April 12,1866.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I ask whether the authority
conferred by the act of 1866 to issue the kind
of bonds described in the act of 1865 is not
to-day in full force, without limit as to amount,
fexcept that it shall not exceed the present
aggregate indebtedness of the United States?
Mri SHERMAN. I say not. I have pre-
viously argued that matter fully, and I do not
want now to open tip a wide field of argument
anew on that question. - It is sufficient to say
that no Secretary of the-Treasury would under-
take to- issue new bonds for the jmrpose of
funding any of the existing debt of the United
States on'the authority of the act of April 12,
1Q66. That act was designed and intended for
a limited purpose, and that purpose has been
accomplished; the seven-thirty notes then Out-
standing have been converted, in pursuance of
the authority conferred on the holders of the
notes, into five-twenty bonds, and all the float-
ing debt of the United States at that time has
been-converted into live-twenty bonds, bo that
the functions of that act-have ceased and de-
termined.' Th6 act in its nature Was a tempo-
rary act, and merely extended the provisions
of the act of March's-, 1866, for the purpose of
funding the then floating debt of the United
States. This is an argument which it is idle
for us now to pursue. That act refers to, and
the only bonds to which it could refer are, the
five-twenty bonds authorized by the act of Feb-
ruary 25,1862, and the ten-forty bonds author-
ized by the act of March, 1864. They were
authorized to be issued for the purpose of fund-
ing the floating debt, and that has been done.
But, Mr. President, I do not choose to stop
here to discuss the question as to the construc-
tion of that act. No one would undertake to
execute this great task under the authority of
that act. No Secretary would dare do it. No
person would buy your bonds on an authority
of that kind. The attempt to issue $1,000,-
000,000 under the authority of that act would
at once be arrested by legal quibbles and the
denial of the authority ; and no Secretary
would undertake to do it; and therefore it is
scarcely worth while to pursue it.
The Senator slates the case a little too
strongly, it seems to me, when he makes the
allegation that no debt of the United States
has ever been payable in foreign coin. The
original debt of the revolution which existed
at the time of the framing of the Government
was payable in French coin, and was so paid.
The first act on the subject, known as the great
act for the support of the public credit, con-
tains a provision protecting the old foreign debt
and requiring it to be paid. Under the act
which provided for the payment of the stock
for the purchase of Louisiana I find this pro-
vision :
"That the annual interest accruing on the said
stock, which may in conformity with the convention
aforesaid be payable in Europe, shall be paid at the
rate of four shillings and sixpence sterling for each
dollarif payable in London, or at the rate of two gild-
ers and one half of a gilder, current money of Hol-
land* if payable in Amsterdam."
It is true this was the purchase-money of
Louisiana ; but there is also a provision author-
izing a foreign loan in the act of 1819, though
my impression is that no debt was actually
created under .that aet. Also, in the act of
1861, under which the bonds of 1881 were issued,
there is the fullest possible authority to issue
a foreign loan. It is true that loan Was never
issued because Secretary Chase found be could
not negotiate it on favorable terms. Indeed,
at the time of the passage of that act confed-
erate bonds were worth more in the London
market than our own, and the attempt to nego-
tiate a foreign loan failed.
Mr. President, the question before us is Bim-
ply this: whether in order to save about one
fourth or one fifth of the interest paid upon the
public debt we are willing to pay the Coupons
abroad. The small property holders who hold
our bonds abroad would greatly prefer a loan
payable in their own currency; and not merely
the Secretary of the Treasury, but many intel-
ligent men who are familiar with this business
believe that a four per cent, bond payable in
thie currency of foreign countries, where the
debt is now held, would sell as readily as a five
or a four and one half percent, bond payable in
American coin, if the coupons have to be sent
to the United 8tates to be collected. The sav-
ing to the United States is illustrated by the
simplest sum in arithmetic, which any school
boy can cipher out. If we aegotiate a $1,000
bond at four per Cent, the annual interest is
forty dollars, and the cost of transmitting that
interest from New York to any port in Europe
would not exceed forty cents or one per cent.
The average rateof exchange is from one fourth
to one per cent.; taking the highest rate, it
would cost forty cents to remit that forty dol-
lars to Amsterdam, in Holland. Thus the cost
to the Government of the payment of the in-
terest on a $1,000 bond would be $46 40. H
on the other hand a domestic bond of $1,000
is issued* it would cost in United States coin
paid at our Treasury fifty dollars at five per
cent.; or if a four and one half per cent, bond
is issued, and that be called par, the cost of
paying that in New York is forty-five dollars.
