2736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
madeinquiry touching the matter, and find that the
salaries of the said Lea oners have been fully paid up
to tile 1st of this month. April 1,' 1870. and that tho
delay in tho payment of said teachers' wages here-
tofore was occasioned by the'delay in making- out the
tax-books; and tho committee ask to bo discharged
from further consideration of the subjcct.
By order of committee:
0. AT. C0WLE3.
NATIONAL JUNCTION R1ILWAY COMPANY.
Mr.WELKER reported back from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia a bill (H.
R. No. 572) to amend an act incorporating the
National Junction Railway Company, with a
substitute.
The substitute, which was read, provides in
the first section that the second section of the
act to incorporate the National Junction Rail-
way Company, approved March 29,18CJ, be so
amended as to authorize and empower the com-
pany to survey, locate, lay out, construct, col-
lect tolls upon, maintain, and enjoy a railroad
line, with appurtenances and machinery neces-
sary for one or more tracks within the District
of Columbia, either upon the route specified in
said second section or in the following man-
ner : commencing at the northern terminus of
tho Aqueduct bridge in the city of George-
town; thence in an easterly or northeasterly
direction by the most feasible route to Roek
creek; thence along said erOek, or parallel
thereto, to its junction with the Potomac river;
thence along said river bank, or parallel
thereto, to the foot of Twenty-sixth street of
Washington city ; thence on the south side of
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal to its terminus;
thenee by the most direct and eligible route,
avoiding the publicgrounds, to the intersection
of Virginia avenue and couth Capitol street,
conforming to the grade of such streets and
avenues as the road may pass over; thence to
tho easterly branch of the Potomac river at or
near the navy-yard, at a point to be indieated
by tho Secretary of the Navy, together with a
branch road from the main line, commencing
at tho intersection of Virginia and Delaware
avenues; thence to a point on First street east,
on city grado ; thence under said street, by an
underground excavation or tunnel, to a junc-
tion of the Metropolitan and Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
The bill grants the privilege of locating and
constructing a union depot on the main line
o!' the road. The power to condcmn ground
for the location of the depot is restricted to ten
acres. The company is also authorized to erect
a depot at some convenient point in George-
town, near the aqueduct. The second section
of tho substitute provides that whenever the
railroad shall cross the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, or Washington canal, or blanches or
connections of either of them, bridges shall be
constructed so as not to impede or obstruct
the navigation of tho canals or either ol' their
branches.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to liave some
explanation of this bill. Does it propose to
incorporate a new steam railroad?
Mr. WELKER. No, sir; the bill is an
amendment of the charter of a company organ-
ized a year or so ago, to construct a road along
the north side of the city across several streets
there. The amendment permits the road to
go along tho Potomac on the south side of the
city, ami by means of a tunnel to go around
Capitol Hill, making the same connection that
was before contemplated.
Mr. BAN D ALL. If the gentleman says the
bill is all right I am satisfied.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman having charge of this bill whether
it ought not to embrace some provision com-
pelling this company to complete its road within
some specified time?
Mr. WELKER. This bill simply amends
tho original charter, which made provisions
with reference to the time within which the
road should be constructed, and which was
thoroughly guarded in its terms with reference
to damages, right of way, and everything else
connected with the construction of the road.
This merely changes the line. It authorizes
them to select another lino in place of the one
now provided by law.
Mr. ALLISON. I want to have a ride on
this railroad, and I want some provision intro-
duced that its construction shall some time or
another be provided for.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio answer a question?
Mr. WELKER. Certainly.
Mr. MUNGEN. Does this bill give addi-
tional privileges or franchises to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad?
Mr. WELKER. No, sir; it does not. It
has no connection with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. It provides they shall grant no ex-
clusive. privileges to any particular railroad,
but that all shall be put on the same rate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLMSD JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from tho Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that thoy had exam-
ined arid found truly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion (S. II. No. 75) in relation to the printing
for the use of tho Department of State of ad-
ditional copies of documents emanating from
the State Department; when the Speaker signed
the same.
I.UAVli OF ABSENCE
Leave of absence was granted, by unanimous
consent, to Mr. McGkew for one week from
Monday next; to Mr. Ambler, for two weeks
from Monday next; and to Mr. Moore, of
Ohio, for two weeks from Monday next.
washington i'oundlino hospital.
Mr. COOK. I move, by unanimous consent,
to take from the Speaker's table for tho pur-
pose of passing at this time Senate bill No.
589, to incorporate a hospital for foundlings
in the city of Washington.
There was 110 objection ; and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The first section provides that G. W. Sam-
son, 0. 0. Howard, Z. D. Oilman, William
Slickuey, A. C. Richards, B. Sunderland, A.
N. Zevely, Wright Rives, Dr. James C. Hall,
David K. Cartter, William B. Todd, jr.,
D. W. Middleton, George L. Sheriff, B.' B.
French, Joseph S. Stellinius, and John R.
Arison, and such other persons as may be_duiy
chosen, are hereby created and constituted a
body politic and corporate in the District of
Columbia, under the name of the Washington
Hospital for Foundlings, to have perpetual
succession, and be capable to take, hold, and
enjoy lands, tenements, and personal property ;
provided that no read or personal property
shall be held by said corporation, except such
as may be necessary to the maintenance and
efficient management of said hospital.
The second section provides that said cor-
poration hereby constituted shall have power
to fill vacancies in the board of directors, and
to make all necessary by-laws, rules, and reg-
ulations not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
The third section provides that the manage-
ment of said hospital shall be under the con-
trol of a board of ten directors, to consist of
one Senator to be appointed by Llie President
of the Senate, two Representatives to be ap-
pointed by tho Speaker of the House, these
directors to hold their offices for the term of
a single Congress and to be eligible to a re-
appointment; and in addition thereto the first
seven of the above-named incorporators, or
such further number as may be required, such
increase of numbers to be made by a vote of
a majority of the existing board. The board
of directors shall also have po.wer to appoint
all officers and committees necessary to the
proper administration of the affairs of the
hospital.
The fourth section provides that the first
seven corporators named in the first section
hereof, together with those who may be elected
and appointed directors, as provided in the pre-
ceding section, shall constitute the first board
of directors, who shall from their number elect
a president, vice president, secretary, and treas-
urer, and five of the directors, including either
of the above-named officers, shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. It shall
be the duty of the president and directors to
report to the Secretary of the Interior the con-
dition of said institution on the 1st day of July
in each year.
The fifth section provides that the object of
this association isto found in the city of Wash-
ington a hospital lor the reception and support
of destitute and friendless children.
The sixth section provides that foundlings
received by this hospital shall be deernef} and
considered wholly under the guardianship, care,
$nd control of said institution, to be educated,
apprenticed, or otherwise disposed of in such
manner as the directors of said hospital may,
in their judgment, deem for tho best interests
of said children until they shall attain the age
of eighteen years, when said care and control
shall cease.
The seventh section provides that the prop-
erty, real and personal, held by said corpora-
tion shall be exempt from all taxes and assess-
ments levied by authority of Congress or of any
municipal corporation within the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COOK. I am directed by tho Commit-
tee for tho District of Columbia to move the
following amendments:
Scction three, line three, after Iho word "direct-
ors," strike out all down to the word "boarij" in
tho same scotion ; and m tho same section after tho
word "Columbia" insert Iho following: "Congress
may at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
tijne, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I yield for a moment to tho
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
order os' business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to say to tho House, Mr. Speaker, there are
yet seven appropriation bills to be considered,
and if we are going to adjourn before the warm
weather is full upon us we had better begin
soon to dispose of them. Now, the House has
agreed to adjourn over to-morrow, and I wish
to move to rescind that order.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
the House to take up for consideration to-mor-
row the naval appropriation bill forthe ensuing
year. This business is very urgent. In order
to get through before the dog-days we should
dispose of these regular appropriation bills as
rapidly as possible.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, Mr. Speaker, with
the permission of the House to say  
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Sneaker, is this in
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] is occupying tho floor, and
yields to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say that the House
was left without a quorum within fifteen min-
nutes after agreeing to adjourn over.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the gentleman
from Illinois yielding for this purpose.
