1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1793
Then if a foreign loan is negotiated nnder the
provisions of the section as I have now amend-
ed it, we shall save at least one tenth of the
whole aggregate of the interest on the foreign
debt; and perhaps, if we count five per cent,
par we shall save one fifth part of the whole
interest to be paid on so mnch of the debt as
is payable abroad. |
If onr national pride is so great, and our 1
love of the flag and love of onr country and
all that sort of thing, is to beguile us from sav-
ing the large amount of interest that, in my
judgment, caa be saved by negotiating a loan
abroad, it is a question for the Senate to decide.
I am willing to go a good way on a question
of national pride; but I am not quite willing
to go to the extent of paying one fifth more
interest on the national debt.
Mr. CONKLING. I am a little surprised
at the remark of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. I did not refer at all to the act of 1866
or to that of 1865, upon which he has com-
mented, for the purpose of antagonizing or
criticising the pending bill. I made the refer-
ence for the purpose of mitigating some of the
rigors of a remark which I had heard here, to
the effect that this pending measure was of
itself of vital importance and was only a con-
vertible term for the effort to refund the pub-
lic debt. It is not, therefore, as the Senator
very justly remarked, of veiy great importance
whether the act of 1865 still speaks or not. But
now I have before me both the acts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought you referred
to the act of 18G6.
Mr. CONKLING. I referred to the act of
1865, and also to the act of April 12, 1866, the
chief virtue, however, being in the act of 1865,
which the act of 1866 extends. Now, as I say,
it is not of very much importance whether this
act be living or be dead. I think I shall vio-
late no propriety when I say that the Treasnry
Department, as at present administered, enter-
tains no doubt whatever of the living, active
effect of that act; that no doubt is entertained
by the Secretary of the Treasury on that sub-
ject now, and no donbt has been entertained
since the act was inscribed upon the statute-
book. I think I shall be guilty of no impro-
priety in saying that the reason which leads me
and other Senators to support this funding bill
is entirely satisfactory to the minister of finance,
namely, the belief that although there be in
the statute authority now, a fresh act will bring
in a fresh loan with some advantage for con-
siderations- which it is unnecessary to touch
upon, and which are not at all a doubt that the
act to which the Senator from Wisconsin has
referred and the act to which the Senator from
Ohio intended to refer is effective now in every
respect in which it was ever effective when
first put upon the statute-book.
I will not stop, Mr. President, to read it,
because inasmuch as we are agreed, it seems
for opposite reasons, in the support of a fund-
ing bill, and of this funding bill with such
alterations as the judgment of the Senate may
determine, it is not very important, the result
being the same, that we should strive to agree
in the reasons. I will only say that whenever
the Senator from Ohio shall show to the Senate
any reason whatever for his assertion which he
remembers rightly having made a year ago, and
which he repeats now, that this act is functus
officio, to use his expression, he will show a
reason which has never come from him in my
hearing. On the contrary, I undertake to say
that lawyers and financiers who will look at
this act will find it impossible to escape from
the conclusion that the Secretary of the Treas-
nry, so long as he does not increase the public
debt—that is the only restriction—may issue
ai|d dispose of in the United States or else-
where bonds, if they be payable in coin, bear-
ing not more than six per cent, interest; if
currency, not more than seven and three
tenths per cent, interest; and may sell them
not only for par, but below par if he finds it
necessary to do so. I say whenever the occa-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 113.
si on arises that the determination of that ques-
tion is essential some reason will be necessary
for the assertion that the Senator from Ohio
makes; and I put against his assertion the
; statement that the law on its face carries the
successful disputation of what he says.
Now, Mr. President, I should like to know
if I be wrong upon the other point which the
Senator considered. I ventured to say that
there had been no instance of a loan authorized
or placed under the authority of the United
States in which the securities were or were
anthorized to be payable in a foreign currency
and payable abroad. Does the Senator say that
I am wrong in that statement ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think ar.y was
ever issued.
Mr. CONKLING. Was any ever authorized?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so. I think the
authority conferred by the act of 1861 wonld I
undoubtedly authorize payment in foreign coin.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not that act before
me; the Senator has it, and I ask him to hand
it to me. Referring to that debt which ante-
dated the Constitution, antedated the United
States, of course is foreign to the purpose. My
statement was that there had been no such
loan negotiated by the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is an authority.
The last clause of section five of the act of
July 17,1861, covered the same power.
Mr. CONKLING. That refers to Treasury
notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Bonds. It provides, first,
for a foreign loan in the fullest terms; a loan
"payable at any designated place, either in the
United States or in Europe," "bearing interest
payable semi-annually, either in the United
States or at any designated place in Europe;"
and he was authorized " to appoint such agent
or agents as he may deem necessary for nego-
tiating such loan," &c., and then here is a
clause which authorizes practically payment
in foreign coin:
"And sb{ill have power to fix the rate of exchange
at which, the principal shall be received from the
contractors for the loan; and the exchange for the
payment of the principal and interest in Europe
shall be at the same rate."
An authority to fix the rate of exchange be-
tween foreign coin and American coin and an
authority to pay in foreign coin are practically
the same. "
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I think I am not
wrong in supposing that the act of August 5,
1861, is the act under which the 1881 bonds
I were issued.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. They were issued under
| both acts; the acts of July 17 and of August
i 5, 1861.
Mr.CONKLING. TheactofJuly 17,1861,
authorized the issue of $250,000,000, or so
much thereof as might be necessary for the
public service, for which the Secretary was
authorized to issue coupon bonds, or regis-
tered bonds, or Treasury notes, "in such pro-
portion of each as he may deem advisable."
The section to which the honorable Senator
refers I beg to read:
"That the Secretary of the Treasnry may, if he
deem it advisable, negotiate any portion of said
loan, not exceeding $100,000,000, in any foreign ooan-
try"—
He may negotiate it there—
" and payable at any designated place, either in the
United States or in Europe."
that is what the Senator refers to. He may
negotiate it abroad, and he may negotiate it to
be payable at some specified place. That, the
Senate will see, does not authorize the issue
of any obligation payable in foreign coin, or
the coupons payable abroad at all, in any coin
whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the next clause that
does it.
Mr. CONKLING. I will come to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Permit me to ask a ques-
tion. I do not see why the words " payable at
any place" do not allow the interest to be paid
abroad as well as the principal.
Mr. CONKLING. The point is that there
is no provision that anything is to be payable
in the currency of any foreign country. That
is the first proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that.
Mr. CONKLING. Second, there is no pro-
vision that the coupons are to be made payable
at different places in any currency whatever ;
and the whole provision is, if you extend it so
as to cover the interest, that at some designated
place this loan may be payable. That is the
distinction which occurs to me as I read it:
And may issue registered or coupon bonds for the
amount thus negotiated agreeably to the provisions
of this act, bearing interest, payable semi-annually,
either^ in the United States or at any designated
place in Europe.
This is the point of the Senator from Ohio.
That covers the interest, not payable in foreign
currency, but simply payable at some desig-
nated place.
And he is further authorized to appoint such agent
or agents as he may deem necessary for negotiat-
ing such loan under his instructions, and for paying
the interest on the same, and to fix the compensa-
tion of such agent or agents, and shall prescribe to
them all the rules, regulations, and modes under
j which such loans shall be negotiated: and shall have
power to fix the rate of exchange at which the prin-
cipal shall be received from the contractors for the
loan; and the exchange for the payment of the prin-
cipal and interest in Europe shall be at the same
rate.
Now, I understand—and I think we do not
differ—that no authority can be derived from
the section I have just read to make a bond
payable in the currency of foreign countries.
Certainly no such thiug can be found there.
All that can be said is that $100,000,000 of
this loan might be negotiated abroad, and one
of the conditions of its negotiation might be
that there should be some specified place in
Europe where payments should be rendered.
So I believe I was warranted in saying that, with
the exception of the treaty stipulation to which
the Senator referred, (which," of course, could
have no bearing on the immediate inquiry here,)
commencing with the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, with the establishment of the Consti-
tution, thert has been to this hour no provision
tantamount to this. That is the history. How
lhnch it may be worth, of course every Sen-
ator mnfct determine for himself.
Mr. SPKAGUE. Mr. President, the ex-
pense of locating funds to meet these coupons
does not seem to be fully understood or ap-
preciated in all its points. I think the Senator
from Ohio suggested that it would be an addi-
tion of one half per cent, per annnm.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not that much.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is one very serious
point which I should be glad to draw to the
attention of the Senate, and that is the ques-
tion of insurance suggested by the Senatortrom
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] which adds very ma-
terially to the expense of locating American
coin abroad. But the daugerotra point to my
mind is this: that in case; war with Eng-
land insurance would rdn up to five or ten per
cent., as during thte rebellion ; and it wonld
enhance the cost very materially, and at the
same time would put the bonds in jeopardy of
taon-payment, which would be a breach of con-
tract, a want of fulfillment. Of course the
sending of so much gold as is referred to by
the honorable Senator from New York would
invite attacks from all quarters, and the rates
of insurance would be very great.
The Senator from New York, I think, has
touched the key-note of the difficulties of the
payment of coupons abroad. I claim for my-
self a kind of patent in that discovery. . I claim
it in reference to the present working of the
Treasury, where so much money is hoarded and
it comesin so irregularly, and goes outso irreg-
ularly. I claim that all the fluctuations arid
all the speculations that have existed since the
close of the war to the present time may be
attributed to that. 1 contend that unless its
workings be adjusted on banking principles,
unless its outlet and inlet be arranged on prin-
ciples of banking, you never will have low rates
