1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
conditions whatever shall be imposed upon
you?"
What do we ask in regard to Virginia? We
ask that that bond which she has given to the
colored man of the South shall be faithfully
kept. Is it -wrong that the Congress of the
United States shall say to Virginia, "Youshall
keep that pledge which you have made, if that
pledge was a proper one to be made." We
said to Georgia, we said to the other States
admitted at the same time with Georgia, "You
shall never have the power or the right to change
that provision of your constitution which gives
to all the people of your State, without regard
to color or previous condition, the right of suf-
frage. Why should we not say the same thing
to Virginia ? Why shall Virginia claim to come
in here without any conditions whatever, and
be allowed to-morrow to change her constitu-
tion so as to exclude all colored men from the
right of suffrage ?
But, gentlemen say, " Where is your power
to impose this condition?" or, "If you im-
pose it how will you enforce it?" 1 answer
that we will enforce it as we enforce any other
law of the Congress of the United States. We
will enforce it through the courts, as long as
they can act and discharge their functions
without interruption from military power or
rebellion. And when that time shall come we
will enforce the laws of Congress by the bayo-
net, as we have enforced them heretofore.
If it was proper to impose conditions upon
Georgia and the other States in rebellion, it
was certainly supposed at the time that Con-
gress had power to enforce them, else Congress
would not have imposed that condition upon
. Georgia as a condition-precedent to her read-
mission into the Union. I ask the Clerk to
read two sections I have marked of the law of
June 25, 1868, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
*'Be it enacted by the Senate and House of llepresent-
ative8of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
shall be entitled and admitted to representation in
Congress as a State of the Union when the Legislature
of such State shall have duly ratified the amendment
to the Constitution of tho United States proposod by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article
fourteen, upon tho following fundamental condi-
tions : that the constitutions of neither of said States
shall ever be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of tho United States of the
right to vote in said State who are entitled to vote by
the constitution thereof herein recognized, except as
a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
commonlaw, whereofthey shall have been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all the inhab-
itants of said State: Provided, That any alteration of
said constitution may be made with regard to the ti me
and place of residence of voters; and tho State of
Georgia shall only be entitled and admitted to rep-
resentation upon this further fundamental condi-
tion: that tho first and third subdivisions of section
seventeen of the fifth article of the constitution of
said State, except the proviso to the firstsubdivision,
shaUTje null and void, and that the G encral Assembly
of said State by solemn public act shall declare the
assentof the State to the foregoiDg fundamental
condition." * * * * ■* *
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the first
section of this act shall take effect as to earch State,
except Georgia, when such State shall, by its Legis-
lature, duly ratify article fourteen of the amendments
to the Constitution ol tho United States proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and as to the State of
Georgia when it shall in addition give the assent of
said State to the fundamental condition hereinbefore
imposed upon the same; and thereupon the officers
of each State duly elected and qualified under the
constitution thereof shall be inaugurated without
delay; but no person prohibited from holding office
under the United States or under any State, bysec-
tion three of the proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States known as article four-
teen, shall be deemed eligible to any office in either of
said States, unless relieved from disability as pro-
vided in said amendment; and it is hereby made the
dutj; of-the President, within ten days after receiving
official information of the ratification of said amend-
ment by the Legislature of either of said States, to
issue a proclamation announcing that fact."
Mr. HA/V7LEY. It will be seen from the
provisions of the act just read, that in the case
of Georgia especially, it was provided as a
condition-precedent to her restoration, that she
not only should never have power in the future
to change her constitution so as to take from
any class of her citizens the right to vote, but
41st Cong. 2d Sesf.—No. 31.
it is further provided that before Georgia shall,
be recognized as a State, and entitled to rep-
resentation upon this floor, she shall annul
one section of her then existing State consti-
tution.
Now, what do we ask in the case of Virginia ?
We ask that just the same thing may be done
in referenceto Virginia that was required to be
done in the case of Georgia and the other rebel-
States of the South. We say that Virginia
shall never have the power to change her con-
stitution in certain respects. But gentlemen
say, "Suppose she shall change it, what is
your remedy ?_ What will you do about it?"
I answer, again, the remedy is in Congress
and the courts. Suppose that one of the south
ern States should change her constitution so as
to provide that no colored man should have
the right of suffrage there; that no man who
had been a slave should have the right of suf-
frage. If Congress had power to pass this
law, as I contend it had, what would these col-
ored men do ? They would bring their cases
before the courts for the purpose of testing
that question, of ascertaining whether or not
Congress had power to pass a law providing,
as a condition-precedent to its readmission
into the Union, that a State should not change
its constitution.
But it is said, suppose that the State courts
hold against the claim of the colored men.
Then, under the judiciary act, you can take the
case to theSupremeCourtof the United States,
where all cases may go from the higher courts
of the States where is drawn in question the
Constitution of the United States or any law
of Congress when the decision is adverse to its
validity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have said enough
to answer that objection, and I repeat again
that if in the case of Georgia and the other
States of the South it was proper in 1868 to
incorporate such a provision it is certainly
proper to incorporate such a provision in the
year 1870, when the State of Virginia applies
here for readmission into the Union.
It is said, further, that we require of Virginia
a condition never before required of a rebel
State. What is it? We require that the per-
sons who arc elected or may hereafter be
elected to office in Virginia shall take an oath
that they have not violated the Constitution
of the United States. Now, Mr. Speaker, if
it was proper for the Congress of the United
States, for the people of the United States, for
the States of this Union, to adopt the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and if that provision were neces-
sary as a safeguard in this country, certainlyit
cannot be wrong to require these men of the
South to swear that they have not violated that
provision.
What do we say by the bill before the House ?
The first section of the bill reported by the
committee and now before the House is as
follows:
Section 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and IIousc of
Representatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That tho State of Virginia is entitled
to representation in Congress as a State of the Union
under the constitution ratified on the 6th day of
July, 18g9, upon the following fundamental con-
ditions: 3?irst. that no persons shall hold any office,
civil or military, in said State who shall not have
taken and subscribed one of the following oaths
or affirmations, namely, "I do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I have never taken an oath as a member
of Congress, or as an officer of tho United States, or
as a member of any State Legislature, or as an ex-
ecutive or judicial officer of any State, to support
the Constitution of the United States and thereafter
engaged in insurrection orrebellion against thesaine
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereofor,
"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that 1 have been
relieved from disability by an act of Congress, as
provided for by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States." Second, that the constitution of
said State shall never be so amended or changed as
to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the Uni-
ted States of the right to vote or hold office in said
State who are entitled to vote or hold office by said
constitution, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they shall
have been duly convicted underlaws equally appli-
cable to all the inhabitants of said State; or to pre-
vent any person on account of race, color, or t>re~
vious condition of servitude from serving as a iuror.:
Y\#inrrirtIDVIM A/vnAll*. XL   "1- ^ i '
rnded, ihat any alteration of said-, constitution
equally applicable to all the voters of said State may
be made with -regard to the time and place of
dense of said voters. Third, that all persons who
shall at the time when said constitution shall talis
effect hold or exercise tho functions of any execu-
tive, administrative, or judicial office in said State
by the appointment or authority of the district com-
mander shall continue to discharge the duties- of
their respective ofliees until their successors or thoso
upon whom such duties shall under said constitution
devolve are duly chosen or appointed and qualified.
Thus it will be seen that we require of Vir-
ginia simply that she shall not undo that'which
she has well done. Can it be wrong to require
of her officers that they shall swear that they
have not violated the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Sir, I very much regret that a
like provision was not inserted in the act ad-
mitting the other rebel States. It is a safe-
guard that ought to ha-ye been inserted. Why-
are gentlemen so tender of the State of Vir-
ginia? Have they forgotten that Virginia was
the battle-ground of the rebellion; that while
our gallant soldiers were fighting to subdue
the rebellion the-rebels of Virginia were fight-
ing to establish slavery over this whole coun-
try? While we were fighting for the Union
they were fighting to destroy it, and to erect
upon its ruins a confederacy the chief corner-
stone of which should be human slavery. Sir,
have we forgotten these things ?
Have we so far forgotten the past that we
can stand here in the Hall of the people's Rep-
resentatives and speak only of the early glory
of Virginia ? Shall we speak only of the days
of Washington and of Henry, and forget the
dark days of our own period ? Sir, could our
eulogy call back to life the gallant Union dead
who sleep in her soil I might forget the past,
and join in the loud acclaim. Could our breath
reanimate them and call them back to life again
I mightjoiu my voice with those who praise Vir-
ginia. But, sir, this cannot be. They sleep
until the last great day, and when it shall come
their blood will be required at the hands of the
men of Virginia. Had Virginia stood true to
the Union the war would soon have ended.
Her men filled the ranks of the rebel army;
her treasury furnished the sinews of war, and
on her "sacred soil" was found the "last
ditch" of the rebellion.
Sir, why should we hasten to admit Vir-
ginia without conditions? Why should we
hasten to welcome back this State which was
so eager to go ? It seems to me that unless
they are willing to come back upon such con-
ditions as to us shall seem just and necessary
to our security we can very well get along
without them until they shall be willing to re-
turn upon such conditions. For five years we
maintained our Government and our honor,
notwithstanding their utmost efforts to destroy
us, and we can well afford still to manage the
affairs of the nation without any assistance
from them, and until such time as they can
give ample security for the future. 1 ask
nothing more. I would harbor no evil motive
toward the people of Virginia. Could I be
assured that they would in future prove true
to the cause of Union and free government I
would no w vote for the restoration of that State
without any terms or conditions.
But, sir, where shall I look for such assurance
but in the law of the land ? I cannot take their
promises, because they have violated every
promise and every pledge. Governor Walker,
of thatState, in his statement before the Recon-
struction Committee, made on the 9th ultimo,
says:
"The affairs of the State for the last eight or nine
years have been in the utmost confusion, and for the
greater part of the last four years the laws have been
executed by the military commander; and under the
circumstances, as you will find by the reports of the
various commanders, it has been next to an impossi-
bility to find men who could take the iron-clad oath
to fill the offices of the State."
Such are the people of Virginia to-day.
Would to God they were different; but such
