1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27B7
The .SPEAKER. Objection having been
made, the gentleman from Illinois, who holds
the floor for business from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, must proceed or sur-
render the floor.
Mr. COOK. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar for the consideration of the bill
relating to the paving of Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
yield until we decide whether we are to have
a sitting to-morrow or not.
The question was put on Mr. Cook's motion;
and there were—ayes 33, noes 47; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Cook and Mr.
Dawes.
Before the tellers had taken their places,
Mr. ARCHER moved that the .House do
now adjourn.
The question was put on the motion to ad-
journ; and there were on a division—ayes 48,
noes 49; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Randall.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 56.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes "no;"
and the House refuses to adjourn.
Mr. ARCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted; more than
one fifth of those present voting affirmatively.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 74, not voting
83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Axtell, Ayer, Bea-
man, Beck, Biggs,Bird, Boles, Booker,Boyd, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burr; Benjamin li1. Butler, Cake,
Sidney Clarke. Coburn, Conner, Cox, Dickinson,
Dixon, Dox. Eldridge, Finkelnburg, Gtetz, Gibson,
Griswold, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Hotchkiss, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Knott, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
McKenzie, McNeely, Mungen, aiblack, Peters,
PJatt, Potter, Randall, Itoeves, Boxers, Boots, Sco-
ficld, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,Tillman, Townsend,
Van Horn, Wilkinson, Eugene M.Wilson, and.Win-
chester—69.
NAYS—Messrs, Allison, As per, Atwooa, Bennett,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burehwd, Calkin, W il-
HarnT. Clark, Cloveland, AmasaOobb, Cook. Conger,
Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes. Degener, Ela, ler-
riss, Ferry, Fisher. Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hawley,
Hay, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian,
IColsev. Knapp, McCarthy, MeCrary, McGrew, Mo-
Kee, Mcrcur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrcll,
Myers.O'Neill, Packer, Palmer.Perce, Poland, Pom-
eioy, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldorit Wilham
J Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes, Strong, Taffe. Taylor. Tyner. Upson,
Voorhees. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William
B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Willnrd.Williams, John T.Wilson, and Witeher—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bcatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bowen, Buck. Bar-
dett, Roderick K. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton
L. Cobb, Covode, Crebs, Dickey, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Fox, Haight,Hcaton, Mer-
lin, Hoge, Holpian, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas 1. Jones, Judd, Kelley,-Ketch am, Baffin,
Lash, Lawrence, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, MeCor-
mick, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Morgan, Morphis. Samuel P. Morrill. Mornssey,
Negiey, Orth, Packard, Paine, Phelps, Porter, Pros-
ser, Bice. Ridgway, Sanford, Schenok, Sohumaker,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon. Joseph S. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevenson, Stone, Stoushton, Strickland,
Tanner, Trimble, Twichell.VanAuken, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Winans, Wood, and Woodward—83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole to consider the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. There is a prior motion
pending. The gentleman from Illinois_[Mr.
Cook] has moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole to consider the
bill in relation to the paving of Pennsylvania
avGtiu©.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask both the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Keisey] and
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 172.
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] to give
way for the present in order to allow the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] to make
a motion to facilitate the census bill. It will
take but one moment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to add to the
motion of the gentleman from. Illinois [Mr.
Cook] that the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar be instructed also to take
into consideration the bill to erect a jail in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. COOK. I shall modify the motion so
that the Committee of the Whole may take into
consideration all private bills reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The question was put on Mr. Cook's motion,
as modified; and there were on a division—
ayes 50, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Cook and Mr.
Archer.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 43.
The SPEAKER. There is not a quorum of
the House present.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at three o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of J. 0.
Culver and 19 others, citizens of Madison,
Wisconsin, for the abrogation of the legacy and
succession taxes.
By Mr. FERRISS: The memorial and reso-
lutions of the American Geographical and Sta-
tistical Society of New York, relative to. the
exploration of the Arctic regions.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of H.
Beerry, secretary of the executive committee
of the Land Reform Association, and 175 others,
citizens of the city of New York, for the enact-
ment of a law to prevent the further absorption
of the public lands by railroad and other cor-
porations; and to have the residue of the public
domain set apart for the exclusive use of actual
settlers in limited quantities.
By Mr. HOAR: The following petitions for
extension of suffrage to women : 119 women
and 24 men of Concord, 11 women and 6 men
of Southborough, 56 women of Lawrence, 37
women and 24 men of Hopedale, 101 women
and 59 men ol'Mendon, 36women and 15 men
of Cambridgeport, 9 women and 6 men of
West Roxbury, 15 women and 3 men of East
Cambridge, 18 women and 27 men of Green-
wood, 19 men of Pembroke, 147 women and
44 men of Hanover, 21 women and 16 men of
Abington, 5 women and 12 men of Mansfield,
19 women and 17 men of Framingham, 34
women and 43 men of West Brookfield, 33
women and 29 men of Conway, 26 women and
7 men of Reading, 6 women and 12 men of
Winchester, all of Massachusetts.
By Mr. McKENZIE: A memorial of the
bankers of Washington and Georgetown, ask-
ing that New Year's day, 22d of February,
Good Friday, Fourth of July, Thanksgiving
day, and Christmas be declared legal holidays.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition_of Louisa
Goltz, guardian of Lizzie Matilda Geiger, minor
child of John Geiger, deceased, late a private
in company A, one hundred and sixteenth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Matthew
Keenan, of Wisconsin, for the improvement
of the James river, in Virginia.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Williams & Barnes, of New London, Con-
necticut, asking for the repeal of laws relating
to the shipping and wages of seamen, &c.
IN SENATE.
MONDAY, April 18, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. W. M. Henry, of New York;
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 7th instant, information
in relation to the claim of Bryan R. Young
for quartermaster's stores taken by the United
States Army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, in response to a reso-
lution of the 11th instant, concerning the sur-
vey and improvement of the upper Columbia
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
land oejflce report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By direction of
the Senate on Friday last the Chair withdrew
the message from the House of Representa-
tives transmitting the action of that body on
the concurrent resolution with regard to print-
ing the report of the General Land Office.
The Chair will now lay it before the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate to which the
House disagreed was to strike out the words,
'' with the connected map of the United States.''
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the objection
I made. Iam willing that the resolution should
pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moved that the Senate recede
from its amendment, and the question is on
that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will explain to
the Senate the effect of this vote. It is to print
the connected map of the United States, which
has generally been printed with the Land Office
report, and which has been corrected from time
to time to bring it down to date. The Govern-
ment has the plate, and it is not very expensive
to print it. It is an entirely different thing from
printing the large and expensive map to which
we objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the Senate recede from
its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Elizabeth A. Spurgeon, widow of Samuel A.
Spurgeon, late sergeant company D, fourth regi-
ment United States veteran volunteers, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of clerks of the
Treasury Department, praying to be relieved
from the tax now imposed upon their salaries;
which wasreferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
the Saratoga county, New York, Sheep-Breed-
ers and Wool-Growers' Association, praying
Congress not to reduce the tariff on any class
of wool; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. REVELS presented the petitions of
William R. Dickson, of Mississippi, and of
Charles B. Bushing, of Mississippi, indorsed
by J. L. Alcorn, Governor of that State, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select^ Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of a
large number of colored citizens who now oc-
cupy the Arlington farm on the other side of
the river Potomac. The petition is authentic-
