mo.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3681
the voter may vote in secret in order that he may
not be overborne by the power, the influence,
Or the persecution of any man whatsoever.
That is the whole reason for the vote by bal-
lot. It is supposed that it gives a man more
independence, because he can vote in secret
and no man may know how he votes; and hence
in the law of every State it is made a criminal ,
offense for the judges to look into the ballot to ■
see how the man votes. Then here comes a
man with a folded ballot, the contents of which
are knowu simply to himself; and the judges ,
of election, after examining1 his name, hearing
what he has to say, hearing what is to be said
against him, decide that he is not qualified, not
qualified because they are not satisfied that he
is a resident; they are not satisfied he is of
age; they are not satisfied he was registered ;
they are not satisfied tlrat he had paid the tax
that entitled him to vote. For these or any
of these reasons, or all of them together, they
decide honestly and conscientiously that the
tnan is not entitled to vote. What then? The
man who is defeated is to renew that contro-
versy, and to go into your district court, and to
say that Air. a B—colored man x>r white man, I
beg leave to say, my friend—was there with his '
secret ballot in his pocket, and the judges, after
investigating his - ease, held that he was not a :
Qualified voter, and therefore refused his vote,
when in truth and in fact upon the new evi-
dence he presents it is said he is a qualified
vote*; and then the court is to decide that if ;
that tnan had been allowed to vote, and had
voted as he swears he would have voted, then
the defeated candidate would have been elected.
But now I call my friend's attention to the
fact that ia every contested election there is a
claim and there ia a counter-claim. If I con-
test the election of a man who beat me for a
popular office on the ground that votes were
not received for me that ought to have been
received, or, that votes were cast for him of
persons not qualified to vote,, he can come
back at me with proof that there was more
fraud in the votes cast for me than in those
cast for him, and the tribunal that tries the
contest sums up the votes on both sides,.and
finds where the majority of the legal v-ptes was.
But. here the Sepator from Wisconsin proposes
to go into tiie district c6urt with a.2jici war-
ranto, and to find on tha\ quo Warranto, ^hat?
That A B, C Dj and E F offered to Vote, that
their votes were refused, and that they would
liave Voted for the person who was defeated.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask my honorable
friend from Ohioj who is an able lawyer, if a
bill in equity for specific, execution would not
be a better remedy than the writ of quo war-
ranto? [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I will not undertake to
%ay how that matter is. I do not know; I do
not pretend to decide that; bjit 
Mr. CARPENTER. If it would be it is
covered by the section which provides for a
quo warranto or " other appropriate proceed-
ing."
Mr. THURMAN. The committee started
out with mandamus ; they have knocked that
down and now they have put in a quo warranto.
[Laughter.] But really I put it to my friend
whether or not he can satisfied with any such
proposition. Itisutterlyimpossible,and will be,
under it to convicta man of perjury. I want to
call the attention of the Senate to that point.
Here is a bill that bristles all over with fines, with
penalties, and with imprisonments, that sends
men to the penitentiary,upon what ground?
Upon the ground that, there are men who will
corruptly vote; upon the ground that there are
men who will violate their oaths; upon the
ground that the very officers of election who
are chosen by the people, who are supposed
to be respectable men because they are chosen
to such a high position—for it is a high posi-
tion—will commit willful and corrupt perjury,
and hence it is necessary to fine them and even
to send them to the penitentiary.
Here is a bill that has this estimate of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 231.
human nature, that treats the very officers who
are chosen—the registrars, the judges of elec-
tion, the board of canvassers—as men who
deserve to have over them this greatsupervis-
ion, and so much so that you can have no trust
in them, and the walls of the penitentiary and
the heaviest fines are necessary to punish these
officers because of their supposed guilt or sup-
posed liability to guilt. And ye* while that is.
the case, while there is no penalty too severe
for these men, chosenfor their integrity, these
men chosen for their respectability, here the
Senator from Wisconsin proposes to open to
the whole body of voters of the United States
the right by false swearing—false swearing for
which they never can be convicted because it
is simply swearing to an intention—to change
the decision of the board of canvassers and
install the defeated candidates in office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 apprehend that there
is room for great abuse under this section that
has been proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin, notwithstanding he advocates it with so'
much zeal'. Persons may stay away from the
polls, as I understand the effect of this section,
under an apprehension, as perhaps some of the
negroes of the South do, that if they go to the
polls they will be assailed or will meet with
some violence; they are afraid to go and vote;
and when the election is determined the con-
test is transferred to the courts and these per-
sons go before the courts and are allowed to
testify that if they had voted at the election,
and had not been afraid to iattend the election,
and could have voted, they would have voted
for the person who did not receieve the certifi-
cate of the canvassers. I inquire if there is
not danger that this business of determining
the elections will be removed from the execu-
tive to the judicial department of the country?
The Senator from Wisconsin suggests that it
is now in every State of the Union, I contro-
vert that altogether. I know that elections
may be contested before State courts in every
State of the Union; btit I have yet to learn
that an election can be. contested before a court
npon the statement of an'individual that he
would have voted, if he bad been allowed to
vote, in a certain way. Where men go to the
polls and- vote, very often the voter !bf m pre-
cinct is excluded becaufle thefd is informality
in the return® orin soMe other ministerial icte
connected with the electiori after the votes have
been cast and the individual voter Tias determ-
ined his choice, so that it is known whom he
brefers.
Mr. DAVIS, Will the honorable Senator
permit me to asfrhim: a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr, DAVIS. I ask the Senator froin Ore-
gon if in all hisexperience he ever knew of ah
office being given to a man upon the faith tind
effect of a vote that was never cast?
' Mr. WILLIAMS. I must say that I never
did; and I see that if persons who do hot vote,
whose wishes or opinions are concealed In their
own bosoms, may come forward in a court and
testify that if allowed to vote-they would hatfe
voted in a certain way, it will enable any de-
feated candidate at an election where the con-
test is a close one to overturn the result of that
election in a court; because persons may be
induced from various considerations to go to
a court and deliver testimony of that kind.
Bnt where the vote has been cast, and it has
been Tejected on account of any irregularity,
the court may proceed without regard to tech-
nicalities and count the votes and determine
which candidate received a majority of the
votes actually cast; and I do not believe there
can be found in the history of this countryany
other contested election case.
Now, in view of the fact that in the southern
States a great many of these people may be
laboring under an apprehension that it would
be unsafe to go to the polls, it occurs to me
that there may be a general determination
there, possibly, to settle all these contested
elections in the courts; and if so, it will create
a state of confusion and disorder and delay
about filling the offices, and a state of uncer-
tainty as to who are entitled to office, that will
produce much more mischief thp,n this amend-
ment will good. I thought after the fifth sec-
tion was stricken out it would not be revived.
Mr. MORTON. I was opposed to this sec-
tion when it first appeared in the bill. I thought
it was a stretch of the proposition to enforce the
fifteenth amendment; and besides that it was
a dangerous section and a dangerous power.
This is a bill to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment; to secure to every man entitled to vote
under that amendment the exercise of his
right; to punish those who obstruct him and
to secure damages to him if he is obstructed.
But this section proposes to go beyond that,
and to give to a second person a right to re-
cover an office. It seems to me that that is
what would be called in the law, remote. To
secure to A B his right to vote by proper pen-
alties and by proper remedies is one thing;
but to secure to C D the benefits he would get
if A B should be allowed to vote is another
thing, and entirely beyond it.
It can scarcely be said that this provision is
one to enforce the fifteenth amendment. In
one sense it might be, but broadly it would not
be ; it would be to give to a second person the
indirect benefits from the supposed exercise of
a right in regard to voting. Now, as the Sen-
ator from Oregon has well said, it is a very
uncertain thing to permit an office to depend
npon what a man intended to do. If the bal-
lot-boX has been stuffed, if votes have been
taken oiit arid spurious votes have been put
in, that is an" act, and if you can prove that
the votes have been cast and that the person
to whom they were giten would have a major-
ity, npon proof of that fact yon give him the
ome^ but there is proof of performance of an
act.' In this case, however, the act has not
been performed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why? Because the
man Was bv force and wrong prevented ?
" Mr. MORTON. You have got toprovethat
the other party intended to perform it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And what kind of a vote
he intended to give.
Mr. MORTON. That is a matter which
regains fn Ills otfn breast up to the time he
ttf&k6s the oath. The Other party cannot know
anything about it He cannot have any certain
evidence upon that point! Why, sir, you do not
punish a tnan for intending to commit a crime;
you cannot do that. You cannot punish a man
for intending to comtnit a larceny that he never
did commit. You catthot pttnish a man for an
intent to commit & btorgl&ry that he never com-
mitted'. You can punish a man for assault and
battery with intent to commit a murder, when he
has committed the assauft; but there the intent
springs otit of an act performed. If he has
never performed Any aet you cannot punish
him at all. And how you can establish the
right of the second person to an office from
the intention of the first person to perform an
act that he never did perform, I cannot very
well understand. I think that is going too far.
It whuld be a dangerous power and liable to
abuse.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will take bnt a very
few minutes in replying to both the Senators
before me who have spoken against this amend-
ment.
The Senator from Oregon says this is a new
thing. If it was not I should not want to have
it put into the bill. I do not propose to reenact
the common law. Of course the very object
of putting it into the bill is to establish a new
principle. Now, let us see precisely what the
principle is as well known and daily enforced
in the courts. In a quo warranto between two
contesting candidates for an office, decided by
a court and tried by a jury, the question there
to-day is that by the common law which re-
ceived the largest number of votes; and that
involves also the question, for whom did the
highest number of persons voting actually
