482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
they are, as shown by the statement of their
own Governor. While it is true that in that
State there are scarcely men enough who have
been loyal to the Government to hold the State
offices, while almost to a man they have made
war upon us, we are urged with great earnest-
ness to welcome back the State of Virginia to
the enjoyment of all her former rights in this
Union without any guarantee whatever as. to
the future. If the proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the UnitedStates, known as the
fifteenth article, were now adopted as part of
the Constitution I should feel loss anxiety upon
this subject than I now do. We should then
have the guarantee ingrafted in the Constitu-
tion of the United States that would in all the
future secure to the colored men of the nation
the right of suffrage.
Without such provision in the Constitution
of the United States your only security that
such right will not be taken away from the
colored men of Virginia must be found in a
law of Congress which shall forever deprive
her of the power of changing or modifying her
constitution so as to take away that right.
Congress has often asserted the right to im-
pose conditions upon States seeking admission
into the Union. Some instances have been
eited by those who have preceded me in this
debate. In addition to those which I have
already cited I refer to the act admitting the
State of Nebraska, and which was passed on
the 9th day of February, 1867. The third sec-
tion of that act is as follows:
" Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That this act
shall not take effect except upon tho fundamental
condition that within tho State of Nebraska there
shall be no denial of the elective franchise, or of any
other right to any person by reason of race or color,
excepting Indians not taxed; and upon the farther
fundamental condition that tho Legislature of said
State by a solemn public actshali declaro the assent
of said Statoto tho said fundamental condition, and
shall transmit to the President of tho United States
an authentic copy of said act; upon receipt whereof
tho President, by proclamation, shall forthwith an-
nounce tho fact, whereupon said fundamental con-
dition shall be hold as a part of the organic law of
the State ; and thereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part of Congress, tho admission of
said State into the Union shall be considered as
complete."
Thus it will be seen that in the case of Ne-
braska Congress required the same guarantee
as is now proposed in the case of Virginia.
Nebraska had from the beginning been the
child of our care; we had guarded her steps
from tho days of her infancy as a Territory,
aud when she had grown in population suffi-
cient in numbers to entitle her to admission as
a State in the Union we made her a State upon
the express condition that she should never
take from any portion of her male citizens the
right of suffrage, except as a punishment for
crime. If this power existed in the case of
Nebraska it exists in the case of Virginia.
Nebraska had never proved false to the Union
or to the cause of free government. We im-
posed the obligation upon her because we had
the right and because we believed it to be for
the common good, not only of the people of
Nebraska, but of the whole Union. Gentle-
men seem to forget that we have entered upon
a new era, an era of greater liberty and of
greater political equality.
The war has developed the fact that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has power to
enter with armed force into any Slate making
war against its lawful authority, and to crush
any government or power that it may find set up
in opposition to it. It is settled, too, in this
country that when a State has made war upon
the Government of the United States, and
when by force of arms it has been compelled
to submit, Congress has supreme power over
such conquered State and over her people, and
may prescribe such terms and conditions for
their government as to Congress shall seem most
proper and just. To deny this is to deny the
supremacy of the Government of the United
States to that of the several States. The gov-
ernment set up by the States in rebellion
against the lawful authority of the United
States acknowledged allegiance to the con-
federate States and not to the United States.
All the officers of the rebel States were sworn
to support the constitution of the confederate
States, and to maintain their independence
they made war upon our Government. Their
State governments having been overthrown by
force of arms, they were at the close of the war
without any government whatever. In this con-
dition Congress undertook their reconstruction.
It sought out of the loyal element remaining in
the several States lately in rebellion to recon-
struct State governments, which should, _ so
far as possible, afford protection to loyal citi-
zens, and which should at the earliest possible
day consistent with the public safety be readmit-
ted into the Union.
To do this was a great work beset with diffi-
culties at every step. Sir, the magnanimity
which has been manifested by Congress in the
discharge of this high duty is such as to attract
the attention of the civilized world. When the
war was over, when the rebellion was crushed
and every armed traitor had been compelled,
before the advancing eagles of the Bepublic to
lay down his arms and submit to the authority
of the Government he had so foully wronged,
that Government extended to him the olive
branch of peace.
Sir, we ask now no indemnity for the past,
because indemnity they cannot give. They can-
not call back to life the patriot dead; they can-
not bind up the broken heart, nor can they repay
the millions of treasure the war has cost. Nor
do we ask them to do this. We simply demand
of them that they shall obey the laws and do
justice in the future. Is not this an easy thing
to do and is it not a small demand to make?
I would not urge the adoption of this meas-
ure if it were not that I feel its great import-
ance. I do not urge that Virginia shall not be
admitted, but I simply iusist that she shall be
admitted upon the conditions set forth in this
bill. By requiring her to comply with these
conditions we violate no pledge we have made.
Section seven of the act of April 10, 1869,
authorizing the submission of the constitutions
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas to a vote
of the people, provides—
" That the proceedings in any of said States shall
not bo deemed final oroperate as a complete restor-
ation thereof until their action respectively shall bo
approved by Congress."
Thus it will be seen that Congress expressly
reserved to itself the power to pass upon the
action of the several States, and to ratify or
reject such action at its own option. Virginia,
then, has adopted her own constitution. It is
republican in form ; it is her own free act, and
adopted by an overwhelming majority of her
people.
Notwithstanding all this, gentlemen on the
other side tell us it is degrading to Virginia by
a law of Congress to provide that in certain
particulars she shall never change that consti-
tution. We ask her to do nothing more,
nothing she has not already done. We impose
upon her no offensive or odious condition, a
compliance with which upon her part will
involve the yielding of any right.
But I am told that if this bill passes requir-
ing the State officers of Virginia to take the
oath prescribed by its terms, there are many
of them who cannot take it, and that conse-
quently their offices will become vacant. That
furnishes one of the best, possible reasons why
the oath should be required, because it is sim-
ply an oath declaring that the person taking it
is eligible to office under the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. That sec-
tion is as follows:
"Article XIV.
"Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any oflice, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State, who hav-
ing previously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress,or as an officer of the United States, or asa mem-
ber of any btate Legislature, or as an executive or
judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same or giyen
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
We ought to require of the State officers of
Virginia that they should take the oath pre-
scribed by the bill now before us, because with-
out such oath we have no security whatever
against those who have by their own guilty con-
duct rendered themselves ineligible to office
under the constitutional amendment to which
I have just called the attention of the Honse.
Sir; if we can be warned by experience we
ought to consider the present condition of
affairs in Georgia and Tennesee, to say nothing
of the other States lately in rebellion. The
example furnished by them, ought to caution
us against hasty and inconsiderate action in
reference to Virginia.
In the States I have just named many of
the traitors who are excluded by thei constitu-
tional amendment are now in office and in
power, under the new State government which
Congress has recognized. In those States
there exists to-day a condition of things dis-
graceful to our Government and our civiliza-
tion. While this constitutional provision re-
mains as a part of the fundamental law of the
land, there is no adequate guarantee for its
enforcement in the States lately in rebellion
and where it was intended specially to apply.
But I have already trespassed too long upon
the patience of" the House. I have deemed it
my duty, however, to say thus much in behalf
of this measure. I warn gentlemen that the
Virginia of to-day is not the Virginia of 1776.
Sir, that old Commonwealth, with her glorious
history, is imbedded in the records of the mighty
past never to be forgotten. The men of Vir-
ginia of the olden time wrote their names in
imperishable letters of light upon their coun-
try's history; aud while the name of liberty
shall find a response in the breast of man their
names shall be shouted with applause down
the centuries of the mighty future.
Had Virginia proven true to the principles
upon which our Government was founded, had
she accepted as true the words of that immortal
declaration, that " all men are created equal,
she might to-day be among the fairest of the
stars composing this beautiful constellation of
States. But forgetting the teachings of the
patriots and statesmen who established our
liberties, in an evil day she espoused the prin-
ciples of Calhoun, Wise, and Mason.
Fearing that the sentiment in favor of uni-
versal liberty, which for years past had seemed
to grow stronger and stronger in this country,
would prevent the further extension of slavery,
Virginia, desiring to change the likeness oi:
God in human form into a thing of traffic, and
forever to bind the slave with fetters so strong
that they could not be broken, made war upon
this nation, and fought until her strength was
exhausted. Then, and not till then, did she
submit. She fought us until she could fight
us no longer. And now, covered with the sears
of war that treason has made, she comes with
naught but violated oaths upon her lips and
the blood of Union soldiers upon her hands.
Tou ask me to trust her implicitly; you ask
me to receive her again and welcome her with
joy, without a pledge or a guarantee for the
future which she may not break.
Sir, 1 hope Virginia will fulfill the highest
expectations of her most sanguine friends upon
this floor. I hope the day will come when the
wounds the war has made will all be healed,
and when the South, clothed in the fair gar-
ments of universal liberty and equal political
rights to all men, shall fully redeem and keep
the pledge she has made. As a nation, the
future with all its possibilities is before us. In
our hands, to a great degree, is now placed its
present and its future welfare. How high the
trust! How great the responsibility! May
we fully appreciate the one and have wisdom
and patriotism to discharge the other.
Mr. ASPER obtained the floor, but yielded to
