8682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
intend to cast their votes y and that is the ques-
tion passed upon. In a case which was much
considered and is reported iu the Wisconsin
Reports, the case of "Carpenter vs. Ely. there
were certain 'ballots cast lor the candidates
by wrong initials ; and the question was, for
whom did the parties casting the votes intend
to give them? and the court submitted that as
a question of fact to the jury to be judged of
from all the surrounding circumstances of the
case. It was, therefore, determining the right
to that office by the jury's ascertaining the
intentions of the man who voted. In that case
of course there was a ballot, though the ini-
tials were wrong; there was & starting poiut
in writing; but nevertheless the question of the
title to that office depended upon the intention
of the voter, and that had to be arrived at
by the jury from the evidence. It is true the
evidence was partially in writing and partially
in parol. The circumstances surrounding the
election, who were candidates, who resided iu
the county, &c., were proper circumstances,
as the court charged the jury, to be weighed
in connection with the ballot upon which the
name was written wrongly.
So the law stands at the present time. Now,
how far does this innovate upon it? Simply
in one particular: it says that if I go to the
ballot-box with my vote and offer it, and I am
prevented from putting it into the box by the
wrongful act of another, I shall have the full
force and benefit of having it put into the box.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment applies
as well to registration and assessment and tax-
ation, aud all that, as to a proposition to vote.
A man may change his mind a dozen times
after registration before he votes.
Mr. "CARPENTER. I hope the Senator will
not alarm himself unnecessarily on the subject
of that amendment. The amendment provides
simply this: that if any person shall fail to be j
elected to his office in consequence of a viola- '
tion of the very act we are passing to-night, or j
in consequence of a denial of the right to vote !
to any citizen on the ground of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, then th« msm
shall have his office notwithstanding the . vote
being not cast. There is no occasion to be
frightened about this.
Senators say "these men will swear falsely."
Of whom are they speaking? The theory upon
which our Government rests is that honesty is
with the people, not with their servants. We
take it in the diluted form ; we take it mixed
with the temptations of politics and statesman-
ship, aud all the other contingencies that affect
public life. In the people it remains a prime,
pure article. Now, if you cannot trust the peo-
ple on oath aa to whom they intended to vote
for, then the basis of integrity upon which our
free institutions rest is a rotten one.
Now, without taking more time, I desire
simply in this connection to express—no, Mr.
President, I cannot express, for I have no
language that will embody it—the sorrow that
I have experienced this evening at seeing the
Senator from Indiana take his seat with the
Democrats on this question, [laughter,] utter-
ing words here that must carry dismay to the
heart of every loyal man in the South, [laugh-
ter ;] and by the pleasant memory of the past,
by ail the associations that cluster arouna the
brow of the Republican party, I beg him to
come back.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President,. I under-
stand the allusion made by the Senator fron*
Wisconsin when he talks about me taking uiy
seat with the Democrats. He will bear in mind
that I have not said anything on that subject.
I have not complained of gentlemen voting
with the Democrats, especially when the Dem-
ocrats vote right. On the other hand, I must
express my gratification that the Senator in
order to prove himself to be radical is willing
to go to the other extreme and slop clear over.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, on behalf
of the Democrats I want first to make my
acknowledgments to the.Senator from Indiana
that he admits that the Democrats sometimes
vote right.
Mr. MORTON. When they vote with me
they generally do. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Or rather, when the Sen-
ator votes with them. In the next place, I
want to notice that extraordinary principle of
law aunounced by the Senator from Wisconsin,
that the presumption is that the people are all
| honest. But then the couverse of that seems
; to be in the mind of the Senator, or rather he
seems to make a distinction between the officer
; and the people themselves. Sir, while the
legal presumption is that no one of the dear
, people will swear to a lie, the Senator's pre-
'! sumption seems to be that the officers are dis-
honest enough to commit perjury every time
they are called upon to act.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is the Senator's
imagination, not mine.
; Mr. THURMAN. And yet the argument
of the Senator from Wisconsin, his own bill
1 goes upon the theory 
; Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will par-
don me. It goes on the theory that there will
I be here and there a rascal in office, and that
! he ought to be punished. You cannot punish
a man here and there by your law; you must
' make your provision to hit every officer, and
then you will apply it to the incidental and
1 exceptional rascals that show their heads above
I Mr. THURMAN. I am somewhat like
! Michael Cassio, a mathematician, or at least I
! know something of the rule of three ; and inas-
much as the proportion of officers to the pro-
portion of voters is very small, I am inclined
to think that the proportion of rascals in the
two classes is at least in the same proportion;
and that there will be just as many fellows
; found to swear falsely among the great body
; of the voters, in proportion to their number, as
I there would be among the office-holders.
! ^ Mr. CARPENTER. Let it be noted that it
is the Senator from Ohio who is blaspheming
the people.
Mr. THURMAN. Ah! Let it be recorded.
If nay friend ever belonged to the Sons of Malta
he would understand that: let it be recorded.
[Laughter.] Who is it that is blaspheming
the people? The people choose certain men
to office; they choose them to be registrars;
they choose them to be judges of election ;
1 they chooso them to be canvassers of votes ;
ana if the people are honest, then, unless the
Senator is prepared to say that they have no
intelligence, (%nd God forbid that a Senator
should speak against the intelligence of the
American people 1 That would be a worse !
blasphemy, a great deal, than ray supposition '
that there were some rascals in the city of New !
York; certainly I am not going to run against ;
the people; but since the people are all so !
honest, unless they are a setof very great fools,) j
they must elect reasonably decent men to hold
these offices.
But now, all that apart, the Senator from
Wisconsin totally forgets that in certain States
there is no such thing as a vote by ballot; and
therefore there cannot, in the nature of things,
be any such evidence as he speaks of. The
vote is viva voce; the voter simply goes up
and says, "I want to vote." He cannot be
inquired of then for whom he would vote. It
is not proper that that question should be put
to him. The first inquiry i3 into his qualifica- '
tions.(; ,Ifhe is not qualified the judges rpjeet
him as an unqualified voter; and there is not
one single thing to tell how that man would
have voted; it is all in his own mind.
Again, the Senator refers to cases in which
votes have been counted for a person although
the votes had the initials wrong. That is true.
There are such cases as that where the ballot
is cast for J. W. instead of W. J., or J. ft.
instead of J. B., or something of that kind.
There are such cases. But I will tell my friend
from Wisconsin that he cannot find a single
case of that kind in which .the vote has been
received upon the bare testimony of the voter
that he intended to vote lor the right man.
Although such evidence has sometimes been
received, and sometimes has been rejected as
illegal testimony, not admissible at all, yet it
has been held in every case that there must be
extrinsic evidence besides that, which of itself
would show that the right person was intended.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask leave to modify
my amendment so as to meet as far as I can
the views of the Senators who object to it. I
modify it by striking out the words " by reason
of the violation of any of the provisions of this
1 act" and inserting " who .offered his vote at
I the election so that the section will read :
I That any person who shall be deprived, or fail to
| be elected to any office, except that of member of
Congress ormemberof a State Legislature, by reuson
of the denial to any citizen of the right to vote who
^ offered his vote at the election on account of his
race, color, or previous condition of servitude, shall
bo entitled to hold the office, <fcc.
j Mr, WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
. of the Senator from Wisconsin how that applies
j to the State of Oregon, where we vote viva
voce.
Mr. CARPENTER. You ought to know
better than that; but even there, when a man
[ goes to the polls and asks to have his name
called that is an offer to vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The language of the
amendment is " offered to vote."
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment I have offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Harris, Howe, Howell. McDonald, Nye. Osborn,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart..Sumner, Thayer, and Warner—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Casserly. Corbett, Davis,
Hamilton of Maryland, Ilarlan, Howard, Johnston,
McCreery, Morton, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ross,
fccott, Stockton, Xhurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Wil-
ley .Williams, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
raan. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattell, Conkling,
Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hajnlin,
Kellogg, Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague, Tipton, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend by
striking out of the eighth section, in lines
twenty and twenty-one, the words "or such
portion of the land or naval forces of the United
States or of the militia;" so as to make the
section in that part of it read:
And the persons so appointed to execute any war-
rant or process as aforesaid shall havo authority to
summon and call to their aid the bystanders or potte
comitatiu of the proper county, as may be necessary
to the performance of the duty with which, they are
i charged.
I I will simply state that this section empowers
suitable persons who may be appointed by the
commissioners—the appointment of the com-
missioners is unlimited, and the appointment
of these suitable persons is unlimited—not only
to call upon the bystanders, the posse comita-
tes at the proper county, to aid them in the exe-
cution of any process, but they are authorized
also to call on such portion of the land or naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as may be necessary. I do not think that power
ought to reside in the hands of such persons.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that that section follows the lan;
guage of the civil rights bill. I believe that is
the way the military forces always go, as a
posse. I hope the provision will not be stricken
out.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Oregon that in many
sections of the country there is nobody to call
on the posse comitatus except some one in
league and sympathy with the very men who
are violating the . law. That is the case in
whole sections of the southern States; and
Senators who do not know it ought to go jlown
there and ascertain the fact. There seems to
be an impression—and the suggestion has been
