1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5571
Mr. HARLAN". My motion is that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
GUARDIANS OF INDIAN MINORS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 34) authorizing the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs to appoint guardians or trustees
for minor Indian children who maybe entitled
to pensions or bounties under existing laws.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to add to the joint resolution the
following proviso:
And provided further. That the provisions of this
resolution shall extend only to Indians serving in
the ninth regiment of Kansas cavalry.
Mr. HARLAN. Let that lie on the table.
I prefer to look at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table.
MARY C. LANE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
passage of a resolution, and I will merely state
the facts. The Committee on Claims have
reported a bill in favor of a young lady named
Lane, but she thinks it is much less than she
ought to have. Some cotton of hers, the
sum and substance of seven or eight years
of labor of school teaching in Florida, was
taken; and now this is merely a resolution
referring the claim to the Court of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the order of the
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks for the present con-
sideration of a resolution offered by him.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the claim of Miss Mary C. Lane,
of Burlington, Vermont, for sundry bales of cotton
taken from her for the use of the medical department
of the Army of the United States, while she was a
resident as a school-teacher in the State of Florida,
be referred to the Court of Claims, which is hereby
authorized to hear and determine the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I object, and call for the orders
of the day.
Mr. RAMSEY. What are the orders of the
day?
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky if he will not permit
me to offer a resolution?
Mr. DAVIS. I want the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the joint resolution for the
relief of Margaret P. Robinson.
Mr. ORAGIN. I think the unfinished busi-
ness is the conference report on the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Duluth bill is
the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
on the Army appropriation bill was withdrawn.
The unfinished business is the bill indicated by
the Senator from Kentucky. Does the Senator
from Kentucky yield to the Senator from Iowa
to offer a resolution ?
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I will consent to its being
read.
EXTENSION OF TIIB SESSION.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Hetolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the time fixed by the concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses of the 20th of May
for the adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress be extended to Saturday, the 16th, instead of
at twelve o'clock m., on Friday.
["No 1" "No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. HARLAN. Let me be understood by
the Senate. I wish to offer the resolution but
I shall not insist on its being acted upon now.
It may be neccssary to extend the session in
order to secure proper action on some appro-
priation bills, and I desire to be within the
rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
Mr. HARLAN. Did I attain my object ?
Is the resolution received?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The.res-
olution is received; but being objected to lies
over.
ALABAMA AND FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS VETO.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
was received, announcing the return, without
his approval, of the bill (S. No. 476) to fix the
status of certain Federal soldiers enlisting in
the Union Army from the States of Alabama
and Florida, and communicating his reasons
therefor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message:
To the Senate of the United States:
I herewith return, without my approval. Senate
bill No. 476, "An act to fix the status of certain Fed-
eral soldiers enlisting in the Union Army from the
States of Alabama and Florida," for the reasons
embodied in the following facts which have been
obtained from the offi.ee of the Second Comptroller.
The first regiment of Florida cavalry, composed of
sixcompanies, was organized from December, 1862, to
August, 1864, to serve three years. It was mustered
out of service November 17,1865, by reason of gen-
eral order from the War Department. discharging
all cavalry organizations east of the Mississippi.
The men of this regiment enlisting prior to July
18,1864, received twenty-five dollars advance bounty
at muster-in, and the discharged soldiers and heirs
of those deceased have been paid the same bounty
under act of July 22, 1861, joint resolution January
13,1864, an act of July 28,1866, as men enlisted at the
same time in other volunteer organizations.
The second regiment of Florida cavalry, composed
of seven companies, was organized from December,
1863, to June, 1864, to serve three years. It was mus-
tered out November 29,1865, by reason of the order
discharging cavalry organizations east of the Mis-
sissippi. Most of the men received the twenty-
five dollars advance bounty at muster-in, and the
discharged men and heirs of deceased men have
received bounty under the several acts of Congress
cited above, subject to the same conditions which
apply, to men who enlisted at the same time in other
volunteer organizations.
The first Alabama cavalry was originally organ-
ized as a one-year regiment from December, 1862, to
September, 1863, and two companies of three-year's
men (companies I and K) were added to complete
its organization. These companies wero formerly
companies D and E of the first Middle Tennessee
cavalry. Prior to the expiration of the term of the
one-year men theAdjutant General of the Army, of
date May 15, 1863, authorized General Dodge to fill
up this command, and in accordance therewith the
places of the companies discharged by reason of ex-
piration of term were filled by companies of men
enlisted for three years. The original companies, A,
B, C, D, E, F, G, H, and L, were organized from
December, 1862, to September 25,1863, and were dis-
charged by companies from December 22, 1863, to
September 28,1864, in order as the term (one year) of
each company expired. Companies I and K, mus-
tered in August, 1862, to serve three years, were dis-
charged in July, 1865, by reason of expiration of term
of service. As reorganized under the order above
mentioned, the regiment consisted of companies A,
B, C. D, E, and G, organized from February 5, 1864,
to October, 1864, to serve three years; companies F,
L, and M, organized from December 28,1863, to Octo-
ber 31, 1864, to serve one and three years ; company
H, organized in March and April, 1865, to serve three
years, and companies I and K, of the old orgamza -
tion described above. The men of the first Alabama |
cavalry who enlisted for three years have been paid
bounty under the several acts of Congress, upon the
same principles which apply to other three-year vol-
unteers. The one-year men enlisted prior to July 18,
1864, received no bounty, but $100 bounty has been
paid the proper heirs of the one-year men of this
organization who died in the service, in accoidance
with the act of July 22,1861, under which the regi-
ment was originally organized.
Some of the men of these organizations were erro-
neously paid by the pay department at the time of
their muster out of service, they having been paid
but $100, when they should have been allowed £300
under the joint resolution of January 13, 1S64. The
balance of bounty due these men is being paid by the
proper accounting officers. It will be seen, by com-
paring the above statement with the act under con-
sideration, that the effect of the act will be to gj.vc
the one-year men of the first Alabama cavaliy, nearly i
all of whom enlisted in 1862 and 1863, a bounty of 5100 [
each, or a proportionate part, according to the time i
served. It would give each man of companies I and j
K of the first Alabama cavalry $100 more bounty, j
The bounty of the other three-year men ot the first .
Alabama cavaliy, fust Floiida cavalrj, and second 1
b'ioiida cavalry, who enlisted piior to December '-Y>, ,
1863, and trouiApril 1,1864, to July 17,1864, inclusive,
and who were discharged by reason of orders from j
tile War Department, will not be affected, 1
t The men enlisting in these organizations, under
joint resolution of January 13,1864, receive under
existing laws $100 more bounty than they would be
entitled, to receive if the act under consideration
becomes a law.
In case of deceased men, the working of the act Is
stulmore perplexing, as the prescribed order of in-
heritance under act of July 4,1864, is entirely differ-
ent from that under all other acts.
A large proportion of the claims in case of the
deceased men have been settled, and bounties have
been paid fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters, the
proper heirs under existing laws, which under this act
would go only to the widow, children, and widowed
mother. Bounty has also been paid to parents under
act of July 28.18b6, which this act would require to be
paid to the widow, although she may have remar-
ried.
Under the act of July 28, 1866, children of age are
not entitled; but this act makes them joint heirs
with the minor children.
In case of the deceased one-year men, and the
three-year men enlisted under joint resolution of
January 13, 1S64, the effect of this act would only be
to change the prescribed order of inheritance.
In case of the three-year men enlisted under act
of July 22,1861. the oider of inheritance^ changed
by this act, and the heirs entitled (widowchildren,
and widowed mother; will receive §100 more bounty
than they are now entitled to receive.
It may be well to state that November 14,186-1. the
War Department gave authority to enlist men who
had deserted from the rebel army as recruits for the
first Alabama cavalry, with the distinct understand-
ing that they were to receive no bounty. Such re-
ciuils have not been paid bounty, and it may be a
question whether the act under consideration would
entitle them to any.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, July 14,1870.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the message
be printed, and the matter laid over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. It is a subject that inter-
ests me particularly and the Senators from
Florida. Will it come up at the December
session for action ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
HOUll OF MEETING.
Mr. STEWART. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-night it adjourn to meet at'
eight o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the regular order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senatorfrom
Kentucky to let me call up the Duluth bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet at eight o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that motion, and
call for the unfinished business.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the mo-
tion by making it one o'clock a. m., instead of
eight o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. Can that motion be enter-
tained while another question is pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not while
another question is pending; but there is no
other question pending now.
Mr. HARLAN. I thought there was a reg-
ular order.
Mr. DAVIS. The unfinished business is
pending.
Mr. CONKLTNCr. Tt has not been called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has called up the regular
order, which is the joint resolution for the
relief of Margaret P. Robinson. In order to
attain his object, the Senator from Nevada must
have that postponed.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone that
bill for the purpose of making the motion I
have indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders for the purpose of
making the motion indicated by him.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust the bill called up
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky may
meet an immediate decision at the bauds of
the Senate. I cannot imagine that any one
will venture to kill a bill which has been so
thoroughly justified in its passage by the argu-
ment and report of the committee from which
it has emanated, by simple discussion for the
take of prolonging debate. It has been very
amply discussed. 'The honorable Senatorfrom
Indiana hns madeau argument on this bill——
