1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4627
think it is a humiliating fact. I wish to change
it, for the good of this country, for the benefit
of its business, of its commerce, of its educa-
tion, of its politics; in one word, of its civil-
ization. •
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have not
said, nor have 1 heard any Senator say, that
it will not do for us to have as cheap postage
as they have in England. Nobody has made
that argument. But I submit to my friend
from Massachusetts, in all candor, that the
figures lie has just submitted here and the
argument lie has just made are absolutely fatal
to ihe whole structure that he has been engaged
for four or five days in building up. -What
does he say ? That there are twenty-six let-
ters to each person in England to twelve letters
to each person in the United States, at two
cents postage in England and three cents in the
United States. Need I argue to any man who
knows the condition of the currency and of
prices in England and this country, that two
cents in England have a purchasing power, will
go further in paying wages, paying for labor,
buying goods, buying provisions, everything
that enters into the cost of living and service ;
that two cents will go further than three and
a half cents will here, and therefore that post-
age on the average is half a cent higher in
England to-day than it, is in this country ? And
yet being a half cent higher, there are twenty-
six letters there to one person to only twelve
letters here to one person. I say the argument
is fatal to the Senator from Massachusetts. It
proves just the reverse of what he has been
laboring to establish.
1 will not enter into an argument to prove
the fact that everything is cheaper in England,
and that money goes further there than it does
here, nearly twice as far. That is the reason
we have to have tariffs to protect ourselves
againstEnglish goods and manufactures, where
the labor that costs two dollars a day here only
costs seventy-five or fifty cents there. That is
the argument; and the Senator would make it
himself if he were speaking upon the tariff
question.
But the Senator made a statement a little
while ago, and the other day, that everything
was on a higher scale in England than in this
country, and he established that by referring
to the salary of the queen and of the chief
justice. I know that the queen gets a salary
perhaps twenty times as great as that of
the President of the United States. I know
that the officers of the* courts there are paid
much higher than the officers of the courts
here. I know that they give pensions there to
retired politicians such as wo never give to
retired heroes. But that does not disprove the
fact that labor is more than one half less there
than it is here ; provisions ordinarily ouc half
less; goods one half less ; manufactures more
than one half cheaper ; and therefore that the j
post office system in that country can be carried |
on for one half the expense that it is carried
on here. My friend's argument is fatal to him.
I do not care to protract the discussion.
Mr. FOWLER. lam a little surprised at
the argument of the Senator from Indiana.
The Senator from Massachusetts made a state-
ment of fact which seemed to me perfectly
conclusive; that is, that in this country we have
twelve letters !o each person against twenty-six
in England. The Senator from Indiana con-
cludes. that because in England the price of
postage is equivalent to three and a half cents,
whereas it is.only three cents in the United
States, if we will now elevate the postage ot
the United States from three to three and a
half cents, then the number of letters written
in the United States will, of course, be equal to
the number of letters written in England.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of my j
friend from Tennessee, I desire to say oneword. |
He has got my position just exactly wrong. If
the argument of' the Senator from Massachu-
setts is corroet, postage being higher in Eng-
land (hail if. is in this country, and they hav-
ing twenty-six letters there to twelve here,
we should get an average of twenty-six letters
here, instead of only twelve, by putting tip our
postage and making it as high as they have it
there.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not see that I was in
error in ray statement of the argument of the
Senator front Indiana. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wishes to correct the existence of a
certain state of facts; thatis, that in thiscoun;
try we have an average of twelve letters to each
person, against twenty-six in England; and he
affirms that if you will reduce the rate of post-
age from three to one cent the number of let-
ters written in this country will thereby be
increased until they are, at any rate, equivalent
to the number of letters written in England, if
not superior to them. The Senatoi from Indi-
ana argues that because the postage on a letter
in England, being two cents, is equivalent there
to three and a half cents in this country, ifyou
will raise the postage in this country to three
and a half cents instead ofthreeyou will increase
the number of letters written in this country.
Such has not been the fact in any branch of
business with which I have been acquainted ;
but, on the contrary, in proportion, and in direct
proportion, as you have diminished the price
and the cost of any article whatever you have
increased the consumption of that article. You
may take it in regard to any species of goods
whatever; you may take it in regard to the
number of letters written since postage has been
reduced from twenty-five cents, eighteen cents,
and ten cents to three cents, and there has been
a direct increase in the number oflelters in this
country. The reason of it is simply thatwhen
postage was ten cents or eighteen cents it was
impossible for a certain class of the community
to write as many letters under those circum-
stances as they can at three cents. It is still
true in many portions of the country. There
are large sections where the great mass of the
people of the United States do not have three
cents to throw away every day in writing a let-
ter, but they have to measure their expenses
with the greatest eare, because they have a
world of taxes to pay besides this three-cent
postage, Remove the three-cent postage, or
reduce it to one cent, and they will be able to
write letters more frequently than they do, and
they will increase not from one to two, but to
hundredsaud thousands of letters. I have not
a doubt that in this respect the increase in the
number of letters will equal the increase m the
consumption of other articles.
If the argument of the Senator from Indiana
be not in fault, would it not bo best for us to
raise the price of postage from three cents to six.
cents, or to ten cents? Would not that pro-
duce the result desired?
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me, Mr.
President, the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts deserves congratulation and praise tor
the resource he has manifested in this debate;
not for willingness to meet the question, not
for readiness or for manifested ability to treat
the real question, but for the ingenuity with
whieli he has managed not only to detain the
Senate, but to entice Senators as astute as my
honorable friend from Wisconsin and the Sen-
ator I'l'oui Indiana into discussion which lie has
not concealed his wish to make prolix, ot mat-'
ters having nothing to do with the issue pend-
ing before the body.
It is not the wont of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to adopt either the habits or the arts
of the legal profession. He rather affects the
sentiment of the Englishman who said he had
enough of nisi priiis. I have sometimes thought
that saying had influenced somewhat the feel-
ine he' has m regard to legal ideas and tne
modes found in the courts. The Senator, how-
ever. has paid a compliment for days to one
method imputed to lawyers. Lawyers sock
sometimes, we are told, to accomplish their
object bv diverting attention from real poults
in "the ease, and the Senator has devoted days
to an attempt, and with some success, to get 1
up and perpetuate collateral, irrelevant issues,
and he has disported himself and consumed
the time of the Senate in regard to them.
Thus useful action has been defeated ; lias any-
thing else been accomplished?
Mr. President, what is the matter demand-
ing the judgment of the Senate? Thirty-one
thousand selected persons are engaged now ia
the exercise of a practice called by the Sen-
ator a, system, and by others a privilege, which
exempts them absolutely from the payment of
postage. Against this practice, growing as it
lias done, from a little sappling originally, into
a great tree of privilege and abuse overspread-
ing the land, the Post Office Department for
half a century has cried out. The present
Postmaster General presents it formally as a
nuisance. The President of theUnited States
treats it in his annual message, and urges its
destruction upon Congress; and we are told
that $5,000,000 is a sum not greater than that
taken from the Treasury and the pockets of the
people in order to perpetuate and maintain
this system. The people in multitudes, such
as never before assembled as petitioners for the
redress of any grievance in the same period of
time—never since the morning of the Repub-
lic—the people in unprecedented multitudes
come as petitioners demanding the demolition
of this class distinction in regard to the use of
the mails.
What is the criticism to which these petitions
are subjected? Why, first, that the petitioners
signed printed headings, printed by the order
of the Postmaster General, and scattered broad-
cast in the land. Very well: the Postmaster
General is not at our bar. If he were, there
might be materiality in thus challenging his
conduct. Does anybody suppose the men who
have written their names upon these petitions,
who were not so illiterate that they were un-
able manually to sign these petitions, did not
comprehend the brief and simple heading to
which they attached their signatures.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a question?
Mr. CONKLTNG. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. Is he aware of the fact that
a lo-rge number of these petitions came signed
in one hand from beginning to end, name after
name?
Mr. CONKLTNG. No; and I do not be-
lieve any such thing, with all respect to the
Senator, in the sense and extent he implies.
Mr. SAWYER. I am personally aware of
petitions I presented myself signed in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask how many names will he say
of his own knowledge were written inone hand-
writing unon those petitions?
Mr. SAWYER. It is a matter that did not
impress itself particularly upon my mind, ex-
cept as to the fact that a large number of names
were written in one handwriting; and more
than that, 1 have a profound conviction that
most of the names on some of the petitions
which I was asked to present here were written
by people who could not themselves write their
names.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator does not
mean exactly as he last states, that they were
written by people who could not themselves
sign their names.
Mr. SAWYER. I mean they were the names
of people who could not write their own names.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina means well, we all see.
Mr. President, this is probably true; some-
body has circulated these petitions, and, as
occurs usually in such cases, persons have
vicariously signed them, just as every member
of this body in the course of his life, ii met in
the street bv a man circulating a petition, may
have said, ''I authorize you to put down my
name, so that I need not climb a pair of stairs
or go into some place to find writing facilities
at this moment and do it myself. That has
been done, no doubt. .
This brings me to a second criticism maaa
