1870.
THE €ON"GKESSI0NAL GliOBE.
3683
thrown out here on several occasions—that
there is great danger in employing the land
and naval forces of the country in enforcing
the laws. Why. sir, are the people of the
United States t> l-e afraid to employ an Army
of thirty thousand, three fourths, nine tenths
oi whom, in fact, are engaged on the Indian
frontier. Suppose you scattered the whole
Army of the United States around at the polls
at any election in this country, whom would
they intimidate? If you had an Army of half
a million or a million of men, as tliey have in
Russiaor France, possibly there might be some
danger. The danger here is from another
quarter altogether.
It is difficult, and exceedingly difficult, to get
Senators to understand that the conditions all
over the Union are not precisely as they are in
their own section of country. Take Massa-
chusetts, take Pennsylvania, take any well-
regulated old community in this country, and,
L grant you, these provisions are not necessary;
but they are eminently proper and necessary
now in the southern States. Your laws there
are a dead letter, and will remain a dead letter
unless something is done to enforce them.
The country must risk something, else yoq
will never have the laws executed.
Gentlemen stop on this hand and on that and
on the other and say it will not do to do this ;
you must not infringe on the rights of persons
there; and here there is a possibility that some
wrong will be done ! Why, sir, wrong has been
done ia millions of cases. There is nothing
but wrong now in whole sections of the country.
Personal rights are destroyed; men are de-
prived of their dearest rights, and the Govern-
ment is standing with its officers there with
their fingers in their mouths, afraid to say a
word. They are intimidated, overborne; tiie
rebel sentiment isomnipotent from the Potomac
to the Rio Grande, and everybody knows it
who has been in that country.
Sir, if it were not for the gravity of the sub-,
ject I should have beon amused the other day
when an appeal was made to the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Revels] about the condition
of his own State. Surely gentlemen ought not
to drag up a man here and make him testify to
anything of that sort. I know, sir, how the
sentiment which seems to be entertained all
over the country of relief to the men who are
excluded from office by law came to be adopted.
Does not everybody know it ? If not, it is time
the people were learning. Public sentiment is
driving our party to their position. There is
not & solitary loyal man in the countty who
wants anything of amnesty talked of. Give
the loyalists the opportunity and the liberty to
say at home precisely what they do want, and
they "will tell you they want every old rebel
excluded from office ; and every solitary man
of them ought to be excluded from the polls as
well. The safety of this country requires it.
I beg Senators to remember what they have
been told in the debates on this occasion. The
time will come when they will see and feel
that there is danger yet ahead of us. You have
not conquered the rebels yet. They are defy->
ing the Government to-day, and they will con-
tinue to defy it just as long as you tamper with
them. Wherever a man raises his puny arm
against this Government or against the loyal
citizens of th^Government you onghtto take
him by the throat and knock him on the head,
r He will respect no other argument. I do not
want to say anything in this matter. I am not
a lawyer, and therefore I do not undertake to
meet gentlemen who are criticising the provis-
ions of the bill; but I understand that no laws
iu any country can be enforced, no society can
be protected and regulated without some risk
and some hazard. Some men will testify falsely,
some men may bring false accusation against
their neighbors.. These things will happen;
they do happen in every community in the
world; but the ame of the Republican party,
after what it has done and accomplished in the
last ten years, can bear one spot, many spots
if you please.- Suppose we make dome mis-
take ; suppose we throw a door opeh here and
there and violate the letter of the law,- and vio-
late private rights ; are not private rights being
violated now on every hand almost?
Then, sir, my argument is that these evils
will cure themselves. If this law* ia found to
oppress and to hamper our Democratic friends
over the country, and deprive them of the lux-
ury of killing and whipping negroes, possibly
it will induce them to come together and ask
for a repeal of the law by requiring their
people to behave themselves ; otherwise they
never will behave themselves. If you do not
bring oppression, as it were, upon the good
people of the country you will never oblige
these good people to band themselves together
for the purpose of taking care of the bad peo-
ple of the country.
This is the condition of affairs now all over
the South. Men sit by and see the law vio-
lated ; they will not turn a hand, they will not
say one solitary thing. Why ? Because it is
unpopular, it brings them into collision with
the mob, subjects them to violence and to in-
sult, and therefore they sit quietly and see their
neighbors despoiled of their rights.
In my mail this morniug—1 wish I had them
here; 1 did not think of saying a word or I
should have brought them with me—I received
a batch of half, a dozen cases that came in by
the last mail, some of the most monstrous
and inhuman outrages that have been commit-
ted in the last ten years, and nobody was ar-
rested, nobody was examined; and so it will be.
These things are alarming the whole country.
These are very extraordinary cases, almost
intolerable to be published in the papers; men
can hardly believe such things would occur at
all, and yet they do occur, and are likely to
occur in the future.
Now, Mr. President, as far as I am con-
cerned, I want to vote for this bill as it stands
now. It will do some good. But if such pro-
visions as that proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin are stricken out, and other provis-
ions are stricken out according to suggestions
that have been made, I would rather see it
withdrawn than passed in that shape. To be
effective it must reach the v.ery cases that the
Senator from N.eyadia had in his mind, when
he offered the amendment, else It is noi wortty
much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Oregon to the eighth section of the sub-
stitut@<
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not expect, Mr.
President, by moving this amendment, to pro-
voke the very earnest speech which the Sen-
ator from Texas has delivered. I am not
opposed to the employment of the military
force in suitable cases in the southern States,
although I cannot help but think that we have
been here for the last three or four years har-
assed with importunities on the part of those
States to be admitted as States with equal
rights and privileges with other States; and
we have been reluctant to do so because we
desired to maintain the authority of the Gov-
ernment over those States. But we were told
time and again that the only salvation of the
country was the speedy restoration of those
States and the reestablishment of civil power
there. Now, when they are back here with
their Senators and Representatives the clamor
is for military government in those States. We
are told that there is no safety there for the
people without military government. But, sir,
I do not propose to discuss that question.
The objection I have to this section consists
in this, that these commissioners, who are per-
sons temporarily appointed, not permanent,
responsible officers of the Government, but
persons who may be appointed for temporary
purposes, and who may be appointed in every
district in a State—these commissioners are
empowered to appoint suitable persons, sub-
ordinates to themselves, as many as they please,
who are not recognized as officers of the law,
or responsible to anybody; and into the hands
of these subordinates, these bailiffs, these per-
sons who occupy the lowest possible official
grade in the country for temporary purposes,
is put the great power of commanding the
Army and Navy of the United States, and at
their pleasure and will they are authorized to
summon troops to any polling place in the
country.
If this was a law for Texas alone I would not
say one word against it; but it is a law for the
whole United States, and we are to answer for
the existence of this law in the State of New
York and in the State of Pennsylvania, and
everywhere in the United States, and we have
to meet the people and say to them and acknowl-
edge that we have made a law which enables
persons of this description, if they see proper,
for any purpose, to bring around the polls the
military power of the country. I do not believe
in this. If this power was invested in some
proper officer, a man whose position would sat-
isfy the country that he was a man of character
and responsibility, then it would not be so ob-
jectionable; but who knows what sort of per-
sons will be appointed by these commissioners?
There lies the danger of this section.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this section will
stand as it is. If these persons are suitable
persons to execute process they are suitable
persons to get aid enough to execute process.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will call the roll.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The Chief Clerk called Mr. Abbott's name,
and he answered in the negative. •
' Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think if gentlemen will
reflect upon the immense expense that may
grow out of this provision, which is assailed by
thfe amendment of the Senator from Oregon,
they will be more disposed to agree to this
amendment. In the case of a seriously con-
tested election generally throughout the coun-
try how far would your thirty thousand men
now in'the Army go toward answering the de-
mands which might be made upon them under
e'n/th a avotofn ?
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire if
debate at this stage is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California addressed the Chair before
there was any response.
Mr. ABBOTT. I answered to the call of
my name before the Senator from California
commenced bis speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
may be mistaken, but he understood, the Sen-
ator from California to address the Chair before
the roll call was commenced.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 undoubtedly did before
anybody answered on the roll call, but the
Chair did not at first catch my voice.
rlhe expense that will be entailed upon the
country will be something enormous. There is
no limit to the number of the officers who may be
appointed by these commissioners, and their
authority is just as unlimited. They may order
a company, or they may order a regimeut, or
they may order a brigade to be marched frorr
one end of a State to the other, from one side
of the continent to the other, and they may
keep them in service as long as they see lit.
Why, sir, what a monstrous proposition it is to
put such a power, such an authority as that,
so great in itself, so susceptible of abuse, and
so certain to entail infinite expense upun the
country, in the hands of persons of wiiom we
know nothing; a class of officers unknown to
the law, and of whose responsibility we can
have no guarantee; and who, as I said, must
mainly consist of the idlers and hangers-on
and camp-followers of the offices of the sheriffs
and the marshals and the commissioners about
