2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I had
always supposed that the military power in
this country was an executive power. I had
always supposed that it had nothing to do with
the making of constitutions or the making of
laws, but that it simply had to do with the
execution of the Constitution and the laws ;
and I do not use the word " execution" in
tho way of hanging a man by the neck until he
shall be dead, although I am afraid that that
has been the chief kind of execution that the
military power has been engaged in for the
last five years; but now it seems, when mar-
tial lav/ has prevailed in ten States of this
Union so long as it has prevailed, since the
close of the war, after peace was restored,
after your President had declared that peace
was restored, and your courts had decided
that war bad ceased to exist, when a proposi-
tion is before the Senate to enable a mere sub-
lieutenant, a second lieutenant of artillery or
of dragoons, to declare a county or district
under martial law in his sovereign will and
pleasure, I do not wonder that the Constitu-
tion of the United States should bo turned
over to the Military Committee of the Senate.
I do not know that I shall vote against such a
reference as that, for, upon my word, 1 do not
want such a proposition as the one now before
the Senate to be referred to a committee of
law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
to strike out "the Committee on Military
Affairs " and insert " the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
to amend the reference by inserting the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary iastead of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to refer, as amended.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
general orders.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
order:
Ordered, That at live o'clock tho Senate tako a
recess until half past seven o'clock, and atthathour
the Calendar shall be taken up for the consideration
of general orders not objected to, and no other busi-
ness shall bo in order.
The Calendar is loaded with cases that
require only to be reached to be disposed of
unanimously, and there are a great many peo-
ple in this city who are waiting, to our annoy-
ance, and to their inconvenience, expense,
and loss of time, for their cases to be reached.
Now, this order proposes that we shall tako
up the Calendar of general orders in the same
way that we take up the Calendar of execu-
tive business sometimes, and dispose of those
cases only which are not objected to. In that
way we shall relieve the Calendar of a large
amount of business and shall expedite the
close of the session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. T suggest that this prop-
osition lie over until to-morrow. It possibly
ought to be, for jnutual convenience, enlarged
a little, so as to permit a short explanation of
a bill to which there might not after all be
any objection. With that view I suggest that
it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. That had occurred to me.
I think that ten minutes should be allowed for
each bill.
Mr. POMEROY. hive.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ten minutes ought to be
allowed ; but that time would not necessarily
be consumed.
ilr. EDMUNDS. Senators can think of
that until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the consideration of the proposed
order, and it will go over until to-morrow.
orange and alexandria railroad.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be directed to consider the expediency of
some action, by legislation or otherwise, in order to
secure equal rights, without distinction of color, on
the Orange and Alexandria railroad, having a sta-
tion in Washington.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to explain to the
Senate why I introduce the resolution. I have
a letter here, dated April 13, from a member
of the Legislature of Georgia, from which I
will read a passage:
" I, in company with Senator "Wallace and Repre-
sentatives Smith, Colby, and Harrison, all members
of the Legislature of G-eorgia, arrived in this city at
six o'clock and fifteen minutes a. m. on tho 10th in-
stant, from New York, en route to Atlanta, via Lynch-
burg and Dal ton. Wo each held first-class car tickets,
purchased in NewYork atthe general passenger and
ticket office, 229Broadway, which entitled us to seats
in any car in which gentlemen rode. Presuming on
this fact, when^ve changed cars afc the Baltimore and
Ohio depot in this city we attempted to enter tho
cars of tho Orange and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany, but were forcibly put off and ordered to enter
a cortain car against our wills and unspecified on or
by our tickets. I refused to be proscribed on account
of my color, and insisted on my right to ride where
other gentlemen rode. I was compelled to ride on the
front platform of the gentlemen's oar from this city to
Alexandria, thereby seriously increasing and irri-
tating a pulmonic affection from which I am now
suffering, and for which I am now being treated by
a physician in this city."
There is a clear case of outrage; and it
seems to me that this railroad, which has its
station in the city of Washington, ought to be
called to account in some way.
The resolution was agreed to.
influencing senators'* totes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask consent to offer for
adoption at this time a resolution which when
read will, perhaps, not fully explain the reason
why it is offered. I wish to say, therefore, that
I have been informed within two or three days,
by a gentleman of credibility and respectabil-
ity, (giving the names of the witnesses who he
says will testify on that point.) touching the
improper use of pecuniary considerations, or
the attempt improperly to nse pecuniary con-
siderations to influence the votes of Senators
upon the Georgia bill. I do not say which way,
of course; it is not right that I should; and
nobody hopes more strongly than I do that
an investigation will demonstrate that there is
nothing whatever in it; but having been in-
formed specifically of a state of facts looking
very strongly in that direction, and the names
of witnesses in this city having been furnished
to me, I feel that I should do less than my
duty if I did not invite the Senate to have the
subject investigated. I therefore offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That tho Judiciary Committee bo, and
it hereby is, instructed to inquire andreportwhethcr
any corrupt or improper means have been used, or
attempted, to influence the vote of any Senator in
respect to the bill now pending relating to the admis-
sion of the State of Georgia to representation in Con-
gress ; and that Raid committee shall have power to
send for persons and papers.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
entries op agricultural college scrip.
Mr. NYE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up and pass at this time a
bill which affects a considerable number of
people in the State of California, a bill in
regard to which all the persons interested and
all the persons who understand it agree. It is
Senate bill No. 167.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
167) amendatory of an act to protect the
rights of actual settlers upon the public lands
of the United States, approved July 27, 1868,
and for other purposes, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill proposes to amend the act
entitled "An act to protect the rights of actual
settlers upon the public lands of the United
States," approved July 27, 1868, by adding
thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That allsuchscrip shall be received from
actual settlers in payment of preemption claims in
the same manner as is now authorized by law in the
case of military bounty-land warrants: Andprovided
further, That all locations of such scrip made within
thirty days after tho date of approval of said axA of
July 27,1868, if otherwise in conformity with law, are
horeby legalized and made valid.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
what scrip is referred to.
Mr. NYE. College scrip.
Mr. HARLAN. Would it not be well to
amend it so as to state exactly what it is?
Mr. NYE. There is no question about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the phrase "agri-
cultural college scrip'' should have been recited.
The bill refers to an act of Congress which
relates to agricultural college scrip. It was
left to the Senator from California, who is on
the committee, [Mr. Casserly,] to draw the
bill in that particular.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is some time since
this bill was reported, and I will state that
when the agricultural college scrip was issued
it was lawful to locate it anywhere and in any
quantity, but subsequently there was a law
passed requiring that only a certain quantity,
I think three sections, should be taken in any
one township. Before the land offices in Cali-
fornia had notice of the passage of that law
this scrip was located under the old law, and
this bill is intended to provide that the scrip
which was located subsequent to the passage
of the law of 1866, and before notice of it was
received in California, shall be a valid location.
It was located in good faith by the persons who
possessed it. This bill is intended to provide
that those persons shall hold their lands accord-
ing to those locations, and that they shall not
lose the benefit of the locations in consequence
of the change of the law.
Mr. HARLAN. That doubtless would bo
right; but I inquire of the chairman of the
committee, or of the honorable Senator from
Oregon, whether tho committee has considered
the effect of the clause providing that this
college scrip may be used by preemptors?
_ Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; we have con-
sidered that question at great length, and re-
ported a general bill making the agricultural
college scrip good in the hands of actual set-
tlers and in no other way. According to the
law authorizing the issue of that scrip, it was
to be located only upon lands subject to pri-
vate entry; that is, lands which had once
been offered at public sale. And then it was
provided that only a million acres should be
located in any one State, and afterward three
sections in a township. It was thought best
by the committee (though the Senate, perhaps,
may not agree to that) that this agricultural
college scrip should be now and hereafter put
upon the same footing that land warrants are,
and be located by actual settlers without any
regard to the amcfunt that may be located in
any one State if it is located by actual settlers.
For instance, in the State of Kansas and sev-
eral other States college scrip cannot any
longer be located, because the full amount
authorized by law has been located there; but
the State will not object to actual settlers pay-
ing for their preemptions with college scrip,
nor will they object to actual settlers getting
the land under the homestead law, which, per-
haps, may be a better disposition of the public
domain. It was thought by the committee that
agricultural college scrip might with propriety
be used hereafter by actual settlers, the same
as land warrants, every acre, however, count-
ing ยง1 25.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire whether this
bill is so drawn as to require two acres of scrip
to be used as one when applied to reserved
land lying along the lines of railroad grants.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the general law.
This particular bill refers only to a few surplus
sections that the California land offices located
