1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
to Europe will not produce any effect in this
country. It is only when gold is on sale in
Wall street that the country feels these depress
sions and advances in the price of that article.
So far as I am concerned, I hope the section
will be retained.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
take this amendment ont of the way?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I see that the friends of the
section do not want to make the section any
worse, and its enemies do not want to make it
any better. So I guess the amendment I have
moved will not get many votes,; and I with-
draw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion occurs on the motion to strike out the
fifth section.
Mr. MORTON. If our object is to make a
bond upon which we can borrow money at the
lowest rate of interest we should resort to every
practicable measure and not be driven from it
by a mere fanciful idea, as I might properly
say, by an appeal to- the American eagle. It is
said that it will be derogatory to our character
as a nation to make these coupons payable
abroad.
Mr. President, this whole bill contemplates
the negotiation of our bonds abroad. Is it
humiliating for us to know that now nearly one
thousand million dollars of our bonds are heid
abroad? Ifthatisahumiliation wehavegotto
snbmit to it. We do not deceive anybody by
refusing to put this section in. Everybody
knows that $1,000,000,000 of our bonds are
held abroad, and that we intend to negotiate
a large part of these bonds abroad. The whole
world knows that, and we do not deceive any-
body by refusing to make these coupons pay-
able abroad. 1 believe, on reflection, that by
making the coupons payable abroad on the
bonds that we negotiate abroad we shall save
even more interest than we have counted on.
Let ns now just reverse the case. Suppose
that a house in New York is endeavoring to
sell English bonds in America. They want to
sell them among the people; one man taking
a thousand, another five hundred, another ten
thousand, and so on, among the common peo-
ple. If the coupons are made payable in New
York, or i* some American city, I believe that
those bonds eoald be negotiated at nearly one
per cent, less interest. Why ? I want to buy
$1,000 ®f those bonds, and I have got to send
my coupons to London, across the Atlantic,
to get my little pittance of interest twice a
year. 1 have got to make arrangements with
sotn« business house to send my conpono abroad
and have them insured, and take all the peril*
and dangers. Not being a banker myself I
perhaps overestimate the difficulties and the
dangers attending this operation.
Now, I say that the masses of the people
whom we expect to take our bonds in Europe
will look at this thing just exactly as we would
in this country if we were buying bonds the
coupons of which were payable in London,
Amsterdam, or Pans. If those coupons were
payable in some American city dtae by where
we conld send by mail and gel our interest
without any trouble, we should consent to take
a lower rate of interest than we should if w®
were to take a coupon payable in some foreign
country. Perhaps we are comparatively ignor-
ant of" the dangers to be encountered in getting
onr little-interest from abroad.
Then, sir, we can save in this way. I regret
as much as anybody that our debt is held
abroad, any portion of it. I know it is a great
misfortune, but it is an accomplished fact.
You must treat it as a feet; it is not as we
would have it but as it is. We cannot bring
•this debt home now. We do not want to bring
it home now. Now that it is abroad, it is to
onr interest to keep it there, and one means
of keeping it there for the present would be to
make our coapons payable abroad, because
jt would not then be to the interest of the
holders to send coupons to this country, or the
interest of people hero to purchase bonds the
coupons of which were payable abroad. If it
was an original proposition as to whether our
bonds should go abroad; I should say no, keep
them at home by all means; but we have got
past that point; they are abroad, and we are
to deal with them as being owned in foreign
countries.
The Senator from New York says if we have
got to send $25,000,000 of gold semi-annually
to Europe, that is a great event; it will shock
the money market and produce convulsion
and disaster. Why,he says that even cornering
$ll,000,000of currency, or sending $5,000,000
of gold abroad will produce disasters; but he
says if the coupons are held abroad and are
sent here for payment, they come gradually,
they do not all come at once, they are not all
paid at once, and the gold paid for them is not
all shipped abroad at once. Yes, sir, they
come gradually. Ay, and the gold sent abroad
to pay them, if they are made payable abroad,
would go gradually. It is not necessary that
the gold should all be sent at once any more
than it ia necessary for the coupons all to come
at once. The operation, I presume, will be a
; gradual one on either side.
Now, what is the difference whether we have
. $50,000,000 of coupons coming from Europe
; here to be paid, ana then the money shipped
abroad in payment of those coupons, or whether
! we send the money abroad onrselvesgradually,
j and from time to time pay those coupons?
; Can the Senator tell any difference? The Sen-
ator says he can. Allow me to say that he has
not up to this time ; but he may do better here-
ftftBr*
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
whether he cannot tell the difference ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not think there is
much difference—very little. If the coupons
are made payable in the city of New York, and
$50,000,000 ofthem are sent home from Europe,
and they are paid there, and then the money is
sent back to the parties that own the coupons,
the money goes abroad anyhow. In that case
it is Bent abroad by private parties. In the
other case it is sent abroad by the Government.
Can the Senator still tell the difference ?
Mr. CONKLING. I can if the Senator
would like to hear it.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Taking the premises as
the Senator supposes them to be, of course
there would be no difference, because he as-
sumes that they are alike. Taking the truth
as it is, this is the difference : when yon have
$1,000,000,000 of interest-bearing debt, de-
manding $25,000,000 of interest on the 1st of
January and again on the 1st of July, the coin
must be there to meet the demand; we see
precisely the transaction, its bulk, and its ab-
ruptness ; whereas when you have the same
amount of indebtedness payable here the cou-
pons do not come, as the Senator assumes in
his question, but on the contrary they are used
abroad to pay for cotton there, to pay for
everything else that goes from here and is to
be paid for there; they are used there to adjust
balances and arrange balances there, and again
by those who take them in this country. And
therefore the case is entirely different from the
one the honorable Senator supposes.
If he will allow me aeingle suggestion further
I will occupy a moment more. He supposes
his own ease, he_ living in Indianapolis and
buying a bond which in one case supposed is
payable in this country and in* another case
is payable in England; and he says that the
latter bond he would not have at all, because
to get his little pittance, as he expresses it, he
mnst send away to London and undergo the
perils of the sea, and the uncertainties of dis-
tance, and so on. That is the argument. Now
I beg to say to the honorable Senator that, as
he knows, in actual practice his bond in the
two cases that he states would be payable in
its interest at the same place and in the same
way ; it would be payable in the city of New
York; and why ? Because if it were a bond
payable in this country he would send, or
rather his broker or his banker with whom he
deals would send it to the city of New York
to be redeemed. He would receive his money
at home from the broker, who, depending on Ins
relations with him, would charge him one eighth
of one per cent., or something less, or nothing
at all if he kept his bank account with him and
he was a banker. If it were payable in London
he would get hisinterest through the same banker
or the same broker, and the terms would be ex- ■
actly alike, except that the correspondent in
New York would receive some trifling fraction ;
the competition in transacting this large busi-
ness would reduce that fraction as low as possi-
ble ; but that trifling fraction would be added in
the transaction to the brokerage or discount
which the honorable Senator would pay. But in
all the cases he has supposed the coupon would
be cashed in the first instance by the imme-
diate broker or banker, and ultimately that
broker or banker who assembled in his hands
large quantities of these coupons would make
his exchanges in the one case between the two
countries, and in the other case between the
two cities, the city of Indianapolis and the city
of New York; and the difference in the foreign
case would be that if yon send the gold abroad
at one time you send it twice a year ; whereas
if the coupons are payable here they melt away;
they become invisible by blendinggradually with
a hundred transactions; and ultimately, after
having adjusted balances, they would be cashed
here. Now, if the Senator fails to see the dif-
ference between the abruptness in the oue case
and the distribution of the transaction in the
other I shall be very much surprised.
Mr. MORTON. I could see the difference
provided I conceded the operation just as the
Senator states it. He says that the coupons
held abroad payable in this country would not
come home actually to be paid in gold here,
but they would be used for paying balances,
paying for cotton, &c. The parties who own
the coupons, though, and who depend on their
investments, generally being people of moder-
ate fortune, holding them as permanent in-
vestments, expect the gold. They have to get
that whether they get it from merchants there
or by sending over here. Now, allow me to
suggest that the same operation that the Sen-
ator says would prevail, the coupons being used
to pay balances and to pay for cotton, would
take place here on the part of the Government
exactly. The Government would not send
abroad the coin perhaps one time in twenty,
but the Government would purchase exchange;
bills on London, or bills drawn to meet ship-
ments of cotton or produce. That is the way
it is done. The Government perhaps would
not have to send the coin, would very seldom
send the exact coin. The same operation which
the Senator says would take place over there
would take place here; but this is the differ-
ence : the Government having this matter in
its own hands and its own correspondents
abroad, can send this gold or this exchange to
Europe for one fourth, one sixth, or one tenth
of what the little bondholder in Europe can
send his coupons here for.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. May I be allowed to
ask the Senator one question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. After yon make these
bonds or their coupons payable in London, sup-
pose there should arise a state of unpleasant-
ness between this country and Great Britain,
in consequence of which the navies of the two
nations should be called into actual service;
will you tell me how you can pay these coupons ?
Mr. MORTON. In that case, perhaps, by
the laws of nations we should be excused from
paying the interest, and we might make " a
good thing" of it if we were willing to take
advantage of the laws of nations; but perhaps
we should be more inclined to follow the hon-
orable example of Russia during the Crimean
