4628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20:
on these petitions, namely, that they have been
circulated by postmasters. Yes, sir, by post-
masters, having themselves the franking priv-
ilege ; and, if it were respectful, I would sub-
mit that wo should profit in this debate and
in the expedition of business if every official
higher than postmasters having the franking
privilege was willing even to relinquish it; if
lie was patriotic enough to circulate petitions
also to enable the people to be heard he would
be entitled to still greater praise.
We have, then, an unprecedented presenta-
tion of popular protest, besides official remon-
strance, against the continuance of this one
isolated practice ; and on the 27th of January.
Jive months ago—seven days are wanting to
complete the five months—the House of -Rep-
resentatives, with great unanimity, passed a
simple bill laying the ax at the root of the
tree. It cauie here, and what did the Senate
do? It is not for ine to characterize or com-
ment upon the parliamentary administration
or deportment of this body. I venture, how-
ever, to suggest that it would have been better
for the Senate, and still more for the majority
of thu Senate and for the great party which
that majority represents, had we taken to our-
selves the courage promptly to defeat this
measure, if it was one deserving defeat, and
better still had we promptly given it our assent.
Instead of prompt or direct action, indirection
and delay has been constantly meted oat;
the bill has been compelled to give place day
after day and occasion after occasion not only
to public measures, but to private measures,
and has been the sport of the momentary voli-
tion or convenience of any member who had a
measure to advance or a delay to suggest. I
think, sir, that those who look on will hardly
be satislied with the excuses given in the form
of criticisms upon the Postmaster General for
printing petitions, and in other forms of special
pleading. They will hardly be satisfied that
the Senate would not better have performed its
duty if, without indirection, without avoidance,
but fairly confronting the issue, we had passed
directly and promptly, one way or the other,
upon a question so simple and plain.
At the end ot'five months we find the meas-
ure here still, offered, I submit appropriately
offered, as an ameudment to an appropri-
ation bill, 'file bill before us is to give to
the Post Office Department so much money as
shall be necessary, and no more, to conduct
the postal affairs of the nation. Here is an
excrescence upon that service which thePost-
master General tells us involves an expense of
?">,000,000; and when we lop it off we do an
act, tantamount to appropriating $5,000,000.
Suppose the saving be not five millions or four
or three, but only one or half a million, still it is
germane to this bill; not only within the long-
established usages of the Senate, lmt within
the usages everywhere, testing what is and
what is not cognate in a legislative measure.
It is pending, I say, as an amendment to an
appropriation bill; and, as was very truly said
the other day by the present occupant of the
chair, [Mr. Harlan,] the question substan-
tially is whether in this form, now after days
have been spent upon it, we shall hold on to
iho measure and secure it, or, by allowing it to
be divorced from this bill and go back to its
own separate existence, the session is to die
without final consideration being given to it.
That is the practical question, Mr. President.
How is it, encountered? How does tho hon-
oiable Senator from Massachusetts encounter
it? He is opposed to the abolition of the
franking privilege. Everybody knows that,
including, I think, the Senator himself. Does
ho say so frankly? No, sir; with certainqual-
itientions and explanations he almost affirms
that he is in favor of abolishing the frank ;
out what docs he want? The question is
whether thirty-one thousand people who pay
no postage at all shall'hereafter pay postage ;
and to what, does tho Senator devote himself?
The matter in hand? Not at all, but to the
question of the rate and tariff of postages in
general. When it is proposed to put an end to
a special right exercised by thirty-one thou-
sand people the Senator answers about other
things concerning everybody else. He offers
a substitute, in which ho proposes not only to
attend to the matter of the transmission of
books through the mail up to a twelve-pound
Webster's Dictionary, but to regulate the con-
duct of post routes and mail contracts, and
even the way iti which postmasters shall koep
their accounts with tho Government.
Sir, what has all this to do with the franking
privilege, and why should the Senator from
Wisconsin and the Senator from Indiana allow
themselves to be drawn ir.to a lengthy discus-
sion of the abstract merits of a proposition
which has no more to do with the question
before us than the telegraph scheme moved as
an amendment by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] or many other things, a scorc
of them, which very ordinary ingenuity might
suggest? The question and the whole ques-
tion is whether the franking privilege is to
be abolished wholly or in part. Nobody can
deny that the Senator behind me [Mr. Drake]
offered an amendment business-like and genu-
ine when he proposed to except, as the amend-
ment in its present form does, newspapers cir-
culating within counties. The amendment of
the Senator fromVermont, [Mr. Morrill,] pro-
posing to except the army of executive subor-
dinates from the operation of tho provision,
goes fairly and justly to the question whether
there shall be a partial or a complete repeal.
But how can it be said, and how can anybody
in the presence of the publicity which this
measure has attained say that he means to
meet the issue, when in place of deciding for
or against the franking privilege, in whole or in
part, he insisted upon incumbering it and over-
laying and beclouding it with any and every
provision which ingenuity can suggest relating
to the general postal service and Post Office
laws of the United States?
One thing at a time. If postage at three
cents is not cheap, there will be plenty of days
in court when those who are suffering will be
heard in this Chamber and in tho other in
that regard. Let us begin by saying that this
present system is either right or wrong. Jf it
is wrong, " necessity is the mother of inven-
tion," and the moment it is swept out of the
way necessity will find remedy and substitute ;
better when the need arises than now can we
determine upon a substitute, and better by
themselves can we consider all matters foreign
to this.
But to insist upon urging all sorts of alterna-
tives, touching other and irrelevant matters,
will have the effect, not to blind anybody, not
to obscure the public vision as to the real pur-
pose, but to make the fact yet more notorious
that a portion of the Senate is not willing
frankly to say either one thing or the other
upon the plain question before us.
"For one, I hope the Senator from Minnesota,
in place of entertaining the idea of withdraw-
ing this amendment, will remember that days
have been spent upon it, and that it cannot be
that Senators will recite again now the argu-
ments and the facts which, even if they were
pertinent, have been already so fully adduced ;
whereas if the matter shall go, to come up at
another time, we can hope for no such brevity
and saving of time as we shall receive now if
we hold ou to the work that has already been
done.
Therefore, I stand by the Senator from Min-
nesota, and hope he will to the end adhere to
his amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not rise
to continue the debate, but for the single pur-
pose of apologizing for the part I have already
taken in it, since the Senator from New York
has sung the successes of the Senator from
Massachusetts for having beguiled me, among
others, into a debate not only prolix, but upon
a subject having nothing to do with the ques-
tion. I simply wish to say that, inasmuch, as
the question was upon reducing the rate of
postage from three cents to one cent, I did not
know bnt that the question whether that would
reduce the revenues or not was pertinent to,
the pending motion. That is one reason I had
for discussing that question with the Senator
from Massachusetts. The reason why I dis-
cussed it so long and subjected myself to the
charge of a prolix debate was because I did
not know that the Senator from New York was
going to participate in the debate at all. If I
had I should have 
Mr. CONKLING-. My friend will pardon
me for interposing to say that I did not allude
to him at all as being prolix. On the contrary,
I had not tho honor of hearing his remarks at
all; and therefore ho must bo mistaken in
supposing that I referred to him.
Mr. ITOWE. I suppose I must have been
mistaken, if the Senator says so ; but when he
included the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senator from Indiana, the only two Senators
who had anything to say, I thought he must be
referring to me.
Mr. MORTON. That leaves tho prolixity
entirely on me. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is satisfied I will take it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I will leave the
Senator from Indiana to answer to that matter
of being prolix. But really that was my objec-
tion. 1 had thought the Senator from New
York ought to have taken some part in this
debate, and 1 should have yielded readily to
his suggestion that 1 would not interfere with
the Senator from Massachusetts, when he came
around here and intimated that to me, if ho
had intimated any purpose of taking part in
the debate himself.
Mr. CONKHNG. I had not then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The question is on tho amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts to the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Cjiucf Clkiuc. 'The amendment to the
amendment is to insert at tho end of the find-
ing amendment the following;
Provided, That tho postage on all letters, whether
passing through tho mails or collected or delivered
by postal agents, shall be at the uniform rate of one
cent tor caoh lialf ounce or fraction thereof.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 29; as follows:
YK AS—Messrs Cameron, Carpenter, Drake. Fow-
ler, Gilbert, ilarris, McDonald, Nye, Jlice, liobert-
son, Kot-s Hawvor, Goluu/, Spenccr, Stewart, Sum-
ner, ViekerM, Warner, and Vales—
N AYS—Messrs. Ames, Borenian.Brownlow. Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Colliding, Cragin, Davis, Feuton,
Uaaulton of 'J'exas, jfamlin, Ilarlan, Howard, Howe,
lfowell. ,1 ohnston. McCrcorv, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, J'omeroy, Pratt, Kamsoy,
Scott, Sheiniau, Spuiguo,Trumbull, Wiliey, and Wil-
liams—2(. I.
A15SK NT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Tlayard.Cas-
sorly, Catleil, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Kerry,
agan, JJu.miKon of Maryland, Kellogg, Lewis, Nor-
ton. Osborn. Patterson, Pool, lievels. Saulsbury,
Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment, to the amendment was
rejected.
Air. NYE. I now move the proviso just
voted down, striking out the word "one cent''
and inserting " two cents.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nevada
will be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That tho postage on all letters, whether
passing through the mails or collected or delivered
by postal agents, shall be at the uniform rato of two
cents for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Mr. NYE. I am not going to make a speech,
I can relieve my friend from New York on that
score ; but I should like to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota how much the
franked matter is estimated at; what propor-
tion of free mail matter is carried.
Mr. RAMSEY. At certain times in tho
history of the country the Postmaster General
has estimated it at one half the matter carried
through the mails.
