1870.
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
war. Notwithstanding she was actually en-
gaged in hostilities with England, she paid her
English bondholders regularly and sent the
gold in English vessels.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to take up the
illustration of the Senator from New York
and analyze for one moment the process by
which a bondholder in Indianapolis is to get
his interest from London. The Indianapolis
banker has no correspondent in London, but
all the western and southern bankers have
correspondents in New York. So the Indian-
apolis bondholder must first send his coupon
to New York through his home banker. Then
his banker in New York perhaps has no cor-
respondent, in London, but be makes an ar-
rangement with some other banker by which
(he coupon is sent to London for payment.
Here are two commissions; here are two sev-
eral agencies; and it will cost him at least
three times as much to get bis interest from
London to Indianapolis as it will from New
York to Indianapolis, because the commis-
sions for doing business across the Atlantic
from one country to another are greater than
they are in the same country. Besides, there
are very few of the ordinary people through
the country who would know how to go about
getting their interest from abroad; and so
tliey would be iu the hands of bankers* and
would have to pay one commission in the West,
another commission in New York, land per-
haps another one in London. I undertake to
say it will make a large difference in the. rate
of interest.
I look upon this simply as a practical ques-
tion. We want to borrow money now at the
lowest rate of interest. There has been a ques-
tion of pride thrust in here, but there is no such
question involved. Let us be honest; let us
simply acknowledge the fact that we owe
$1,000,000,000 abroad drawing six per cent,
interest, and we want to get it lower if we can;
and if it will accommodate those people, and
we can borrow money at a lower rate by paying
the coupons there than by paying them here,
let us do it. It is simply a question of good
sense.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, whether some of the States
of the Union do not pay their interest abroad?
My recollection is that the State of Massa-
chusetts pays her interest in Europe, and it is
not deemed derogatory to her pride to do so.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; there is no ques-
tion of pride about it; it is a question of in-
creasing the rate of interest. We shall have
to pay more by paying the interest here. No
banker doing business on his own account
would do it in that way, but he would make
his bills payable where he could best afford to
pay Ihem and where he could get the best
terms. That is the course every business man
would pursue, and it is the course this Govern-
ment should pursue.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I always
listen with pleasure to the Senator fron Indi- I
ana, and I almost always derive knowledge
from listening to him. I have not been so for-
tunate to-night, as he has entirely failed to
convince my mind that what he says is correct.
Now, in my judgment we increase our interest
very much by agreeing to pay it abroad, not
only in the sum required to pay the agencies,
but by increasing the number of hands through
which the money goes. Besides that, foreigners
have no interest with us, and knowing that we
have to pay $25,000,000 of gold semi-annually
on a certain day—I assume that we are to pay
that amount every six nionths because that is
the sum which has been stated in debate—they
®ay combine to raise the price of exchange,
just as the men in Wall street have done.
Now, there is no difficulty at all to my mind,
and I have had some little experience in that
process, in the people abroad getting the
uoney for their coupons. These loans are not
going to be taken directly by individuals of
small capital; they will be taken by the large
bankers, who will "plant" them, as they call
it, in the hands of their friends. Men will have
invested in the bonds of this country thousands
of dollars without knowing exactly where their
money is invested. They know that the banker
in whom they have confidence has invested it
somewhere, and at particular periods the
banker will give them a certain sum of money,
and they will probably never get the bonds
I themselves at all. But in other cases, when
i they do get the bonds, at particular periods
; they will carry the coupons to the banker, and
he will give them credit for the amount the
moment the coupon is placed there. He col-
lects it, and as was said very properly a little
while ago by the Senator from New York, the
coupons then enter into the course of trade,
and they come back, not immediately perhaps,
for some of them may stay months and some
i for years; but they come back after a while at
irregular periods, and the sum is not felt.
On the other hand, if you send out that
$50,000,000 a year everybody know3 the par-
j ticular periods when that sum must be got,
I and men will have an opportunity to combine
j to make that operation as expensive as pos-
j sible to the Government. Individuals can
j collect their money without cost, but the Gov-
I ernment rarely can do so. It will at once be
the interest of the bankers on the other side
of the water to raise the price of exchange to
the highest point for the purpose of getting
this business. On the other hand, if the money
is payable here there will be a competition to
get it, because bankers there will have an
I interest in getting .a proportion of this great
amount of interest to be paid in this country,
i Senators put a great deal of stress on what
1 was said by somebody—perhaps by myself
j among others—on the pride of not paying
' our money abroad. I confess that I have a
! good deal of pride in that. I believe that every
! nation which is able to pay its debts can better
j pay them at home than any place else. I re-
member a case that has been mentioned to me
this evening, though I knew it before, but it
had slipped my memory. There was a loan
made by one of the first canal companies in
this country abroad for the amount of $750,000,
and it was issued in sterling bonds. During
the war that loan became due. It was about
the time>gold was 250, ao that the debt was
made twice and a half the amount it originally
was; but fortunately for the company, hefore
the war began they had made an arrangement
by which the sterling bonds could be turned
into dollar bonds. If it had not been for that
arrangement, which some of the parties did
not seem to know, when the war came on and
when gold rose they would have to pay two
and a half times the amount of the debt they
agreed to pay. I know that the only trouble
with a canal company with which I was con- [
nected some years ago was a sterling debt of
$1,000,000, which we owed in England, and
every time the interest became due we were
embarrassed to get exchange to send abroad
to pay the interest. Exchange was impos-
sible to be bad, and we were at the mercy of
the bankers of Baltimore, where the canal
terminated.
I remember, also, the difficulty the Govern-
ment of the United States had with the only
loan they ever made abroad and agreed to pay
abroad, and that was the Dutch loan, as it was
called. I do not remember the amount of it,
but I think it was taken for a small sum. It
was taken before the Government of the Uni-
ted States was formed, during the troubles of
the lie volution.. I thi nk the experience of every
man of business will convince him that when
he agrees to pay his debts far from home he
always not only increases his difficulties, but
increases the cost. I think if the Senator from
Indiana, in the case he supposed, had made
his loan payable in Indianapolis, and could
have had the loan taken there, he would have
saved a very large amount.
I am sure that the railroad companies in the
W est who have agreed to pay their loans iu
New York are compelled to pay a larger sum
there than they would have had to pay if they
had agreed to pay at their own offices; but
their anxiety to get money and the great profits
which railroads produce in the West induced
them to make any terms.
It is not so with the Government. We shall
now directly have our bonds at par with gold
here, and then I think the whole world will bo
anxious to get our bonds; and by that time
I am satisfied we shall be able to fund thein at
a lower rate than now.
I am going to offer, before this bill passes, an
amendment which will compel the Secretary
of the Treasury to redeem all the fractional cur-
rency on the 1st of July and pay small sums
afterward in coin.
I think that in a very few months gold will
be down to par. I am satisfied that in offering
this amendment I shall relieve the country
i from agreat deal of annoyance in this unpleas-
ant and unsafe small currency we use now.
! Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
: _Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my colleague will
I withdraw that motion until we can take this
| vote.
j _Mr. THURMAN. If the vote can be taken
i without further debate I will withdraw the mo-
tion for a moment; but I do not believe it can
I be. I do not want to debate it myself, but I
do not believe the vote can be taken at once.
If, however, it is the universal understanding
that the vote can be taken on striking out the
section without further debate I will withdraw
, the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have now had
all the learning on this question that can pos-
sibly be thrown upon it; but if we commence
upon it to-morrow again we shall have it all
over.
Mr. THURMAN. If it is universally under-
stood that there is to be no more 3peaking on
this section I will withdraw the motion; other-
wise I insist upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to make a few
remarks, as I offered the amendment propos-
ing to strike out the section, iu answer to sonae
objections that have been made. I shall be
very brief. I do not make long speeches, but
as 1 made the motion to strike out I should
like to say a word or two.
Mr. THURMAN. I only gave way on con-
dition that there should be no further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Chair understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio not to yield the floor unless
debate was closed on this amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall not occupy over
ten minutes.
Mr. TH U RMAN. If nobody elae will^peak
after the Senator from Oregon, L will give way.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say thai
our loans have been taken abroad from the
commencement of the war by the Germans
particularly, and in Frankfort. They know
exactly the worth of the coupons of our bonds,
and I do not believe it will make one fraction
of difference with them whether they «re pay-
able in United States gold coin, or in German
coin, or in sterling, or in any other coin that
you may indicate. They know the exact worth
of the bonds aud the coupons ; and for one I
am not witling now, after our bonds have been
introduced into Germany and other foreign
countries for ten years, to go upon our knees
to those countries and say we will make oat
bonds payable in three or four differentcoins. to
cater to the particular whim that some particu-
lar persons may have, thinkingthat thereby they
can introduce this loan. There is no evidence
offered here to show that this loancan be placed
at four per cent, even if you agree to the prop-
osition to allow the coupons to be paid in
foreign coin.
Suppose you make your bonds payable in
foreign coin, and then introduce the loan and
fail to get it taken at four per cent., it seems
