1870.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5573?
have an adjournment, Thursday runs through
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, and the
Journal cannot show that there is any meeting
on Friday.
Mr. CONKLING. I am entirely aware of
that; and therefore I said, although I did not
meau to stop to explain it, that there are vari-
ous other reasons why two sessions may be
important. Of course the Journal would carry
on Thursday until the hammer falls to-morrow
for a sine die adjournment. That should not
be. But there are more substantial reasons
than that why we ought to have two sessions.
Now, what difference does it make whether we
adjourn until one or eight o'clock to-morrow?
It is all subject to the control of the Senate;
and later in the night, if we wish to do so, we
can reconsider or rescind it. Therefore, why
should Senators who have pressing matters
upon which they want action insist on losing
time over a motion of this sort which we might
vote upon at once, and no matter what the
result is nobody can suffer by it?
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows that
eight o'clock in the morning is the most awk-
ward hour in all the twenty-four for Senators
to come here.
_ Mr. CONKLING. _ That is not the propo-
sition. The proposition is one o'clock to-mor-
row morning, one hour after midnight; and if
we sit here until that time, then, as I say, the
motion is superseded, and my honorable friend
will not lose one wink of sleep on account of
it. If, on the contrary, when the time comes
we choose to adjourn and go on with the ses-
sion at one o'clock for fifteen minutes or half
an hour or indefinitely, we may do it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not wait until that times
arrives, and see whether we want a session?
Mr. CONKLING. Because if we wait until
that time, the motion being debatable, as we
all see and know, those who may wish to carry
it will be prevented from doing so by the mere
interposition of debate. That is the reason.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not sit right on with-
out an adjournment at all?
Mr. CONKLING. That we do not want to
do, because the order is to adjourn on Friday,
the 15th of July; and without an adjournment
'we shall go on and the Journal will show a
continuous session on Thursday, and it will
lead to an awkwardness in various ways. That
is not the only reason why we ought to have
two sessions. "
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we had better sit
right on.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from New
York yield to me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest that the legislative
session of the Senate continue until to-morrow
at noon, with the understanding that in the
afternoon to-morrow we have an executive
session for the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CONKLING. That, I beg to say to the
honorable Senator, we have not the power to
compass, unless the President of the United
States reconvenes us.
Mr. DAVIS. That I understand.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; the two
Houses have coincided in an order to the con-
trary, and if anybody wishes to invite the Presi-
dent, by the way in which we do or fail to do
our business, to reconvene us for an indefinite
session, so be it. For one, I want to go home,
and I think we ought to go at twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit a report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
privileged under a rule recently adopted by the
Senate.
CIVIL APPIIOPEIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes oi the two Houses on the amendments to the
biJJ (II. li, 2So. 2165) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1871,_ and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows;
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 8, 10, 11, 12; 18, 23, 28, 52, 63, 64, 66, 67,
69, 70, 74, 75, and 77.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of tbe Senate numbered 1,2, 3,4,
6, 7, 9, 13,15s", 16,17, 20, 21, 24, 25. 26, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32,
33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41,42, 43, 44,45, 46, 47.48,49,
50, 51, 53, 56, 57, 58, 60, 61, 62, 65,71, 72,79, and 80 and;
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth Amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in lieu
of the word3 inserted by said amendment, insert the
following:
And the proviso in relation to the appropriation
for continuing the construction of said building con-
tained in the act of April 20,1870, is hereby so mod-
ified us to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury in
his discretion to adopt, as a part of the contracts
therein provided for, any contracts in reference to
said building approved by him before said April 20:
Provided, That the limitation of cost therein con-
tained is not thereby affected: And provided further,
That hereafter, before any new buildings for the use
of the United States are commenced, plams and full
estimates therefor shall be prepared and approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury, Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Secretary of the Interior, and the cost
of the buildings shall not exceed the amount of said
estimates.
And that the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in lieu of
the words inserted by said amendment, insert the
following words :
And the proviso in relation to the appropriation
for continuing the construction of said building con-
tained in the act of April 20,1870, is hereby so modi-
lied as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury in
his discretion to adopt, as a part of the contracts
therein provided for, any contracts in reference to
said building, approved by him before said April20*
Provided, That the limitation of cost therein con-
tained is not thereby affected.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the last proviso contained in said amendment,
and insert in lieu the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby diiected to cause plans and estimates for the
completion of the building to be prepared and sub-
mitted to Congress at its next session.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from theirdisagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: at the
end of the words inserted by said amendmentinsert
the following words:
Provided, That appropriations for salaries and pay
of officers and others heretofore employed m other
departments, and now employed in the department
of justice, are hereby transferred to the said depart-
ment of justice, to be disbursed in accordance with
the law organizing the same.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-lifth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment insert
the following words: "for compensation of clerks,
and for additional compensation to the same in the
office of the Secretary of theTreasury, $22,500and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment insert
the following words: "tor additional pay hereto-
fore withheld from William Syphax, to equalize his
compensation with that of an assistant messenger,
$2,180;" and the Senate agree to the same.
Thai the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-eighth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows: in
line three of said amendment strike out the word
"four," and insert in lieu the word "two;" and at
the end of said amendment add the following words:
"and that hereafter no appointee of the mayor of
"Wellington shall be lejected by the Board of Alder-
men of said city unless by a vote of two thirds of the
members thereof in favor of such rejection;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House rcccde from their disagreement to
the seventy-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out all of said amendment after the "word
" made," in line four of said amendment, to the end
of the same, and insert in lieu the following words:
*' in accordance with the orders and decrees of the
supreme court of the Districc of Columbia:" and tho
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-sixth amendment of ihe Seriate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
add to said amendment the following words: "and
report to Congress at the next session the names of
the persons entitled to relief, together with a state-
ment of the l'aurs and sums upon which such report
may be busod;" and the Senate agree to tiie same.
That the House recede from their di&ugieomenl to
tho seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment: in.
line nvG of said amendment, before the word " com-
pensation insert the following words: "in connec-
tion with the revenues of the Government;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tee same with the following amendment: in lieu
of thfe Words inserted by said amendment insert the
following words: "that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior p hereby directed to withhold patents for any
portion of the lands known as the Black Bob Indian
lands in Kansas, and also to withhold his approval
of all transfers of said lands, and to permit peace-
able occupancy by all settlers or Indians now resid-
ing thereon until further action of Congress in rela-
tion thereto, without prejudice to existing rights;"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
i\ A. SAWYER,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H.L.DAWES.
A. A. SARGENT,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
noUB 03? MEETING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] to postpone the pend-
ing and all prior orders in order to proceed
to the consideration of the motion submitte'd
by him; and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The Chair will inquire
whether the Senator from Nevada accepted the
amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Sawyer?]
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. In the afternoon?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At one
o'clock a. ra.
Mr. CONKLING. One hour after midnight.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why should we do that?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to inquire, what
is the pending business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. SPRAGUE. What does that supesede?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It super-
sedes the joint resolution for the relief of Mar-
garet P. Robinson.
Mr. SUMNER. I make one further sug-
gestion: that there is no reason now for any
departure from the usages of the Senate from
time immemorial. We have sat during the last
day of the session generally all night, or nearly
all night, and then at a late hour have determ-
ined when we would come together the nest
day. I see no reason to depart from that
usage. It seems tome that the public conven-
ience almost requires that we should adhere
to it.
Mr. STEWART. It is very important to
have two days.
Mr. RAMSEY. If we are to meet at one
o'clock, when do we adjourn to night?
Mr. STEWART. It does not make any
difference.
Mr. CONKLING. If we do not adjourn we
do not have any meeting.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is probable that we shall
sit all the time.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it does no harm.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the nlost superfluous
thing I ever heard of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, to postpone the pending and
all prior orders in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of a motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at one o'clock
a. m. to-morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Corbott, Davis, I'owler, Gilbert. Hamilton
of Maryland, Howe, Lewis, McDonald, .Morrill of
Vermont, 2^ye, Osborn, Pomeioy. Ko-^.Sawj or, Stew-
art, Stockton, Tiuuibuil, Wauier, William::, arid Wil-
