1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3685
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the fourth
section in the third line by striking out the
word "delay." where it occurs twice.
jfr. WILLIAMS. The section is right as
it stands now.
Mr. MORTON. The first clause relates to
the doing of the act, and the second the attempt
to delay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, to strike out the word "delay"
where it occurs in the fourth section.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
fourth section by striking out in lines nine and
ten the words "aud such allowance for coun-
sel fees as the court shall deem just." I move
to strike out that phrase wherever it occurs in
the bill. I stated my reasons for it pretty thor-
oughly, and I can only say now that the effect
of it is to raise up in your country a noisome
breed of attorneys who will subsist upon blood-
money and who will be a thousand times worse
than the miserable informers whom this bill
also breeds. I trust that for the sake of an hon- i
orable profession those words will be stricken
out. 1 call for the yeas and nays on. the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 39 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Casserly, Davis, Fowler,Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Ross, Stockton,
Ihunnan, and Vickcrs—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of'fexas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Harris. Howard. Howe, Howell, McDonald-Mor-
ton, Nye, 0<born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Yates—39.
ABSENT—Mossrs. Ames, Bayard.Boreman.Bnck-
ingham. Oattell, Conkling, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrilt of
Vermont, Norton, Saulsbury, Schurz. Sherman,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment in section four, line three. It now reads:
That if any person by force, bribery, threats,
intimidation, or other unlawfal means, shall hinder,
delay, prevent, or obstruct, or attempt to hinder,
delay, prevent, or obstruct any citizen, &o.
I am not entirely satisfied with the phrase-
ology there. It appears to be too indefinite.
What is aa "attempt to hinder, delay, pre-
vent, or obstruct. Any citizen." Does nob this
clause make a mere verbal request from one
person to another not to attend the polls an
attempt to hinder or obstruct?
Mr. STEWART. No; I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to suggest,
why not make it definite, and let it reswl in this
way, " shall hinder, delay, prevent, or ob-
struct," and then strike out the word "attempt,''
and after the ifrord "or " insert "shall com-
bine or confederate with others;" so asto
read, "or1 shall combine or confederate with
others to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct;"
a® aa to make the conspiracy the crime, the
combination to prevent others from attending
the polls.
Mr. STEWART. We. have got that in
another section. We have adopted a section
containing that idea.
Mr. HOWARD. Where is that?
Mr. STEWART. That very idea is cbn-
tained in a section Carefully prepared by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool,]
which we have adopted. .
Mr. HOWARD; Then why retain it here
if it is aiready in the bill?
Mr. STEWART. It is ain amendment that
was adopted during the night.
Mr. HOWARD. Then why not strike this
oat if the bill has already been so amended ?
Mr. STEWART. No. The idea of combi-
nation is in that other amendment; but it is
not in this clause. This clause had better
stand as it is.
Mr. HOWARD. Strike out "attempt."
That is all I wish. It seems to me that is too
indefinite; it is too vague; it will be found too
dilHcult to put in practice, to ascertain what is
meant by the word "attempt." 1 attempt to
keep a man from the polls by simply asking
him to remain away from the polls. Is that
to be punished as a crime? I move to strike
out the word "attempt," and to insert the
words which I have read: "shall combine and
confederate with others."
Mr. NYE. Suppose a person goes it alone?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That obstructs him.
Mr. HOWARD. That is an obstruction,
and is already punishable by the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the crit-
icism of the Senator from Michigan is undoubt-
edly well founded; but it does not go quite far
enough; nor has he touched the rawest place
in this hide.
That if any person by foroe, bribery, threats, in-
timidation, or otherwise.
Mr. STEWART. No; " or other unlawful
means."
Mr. THURMAN. When was that put in?
Mr. STEWART. A little while ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (toMr. Thurman.) While
you were asleep. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. No; I have not slept
one wink this night. It was while I was out,
not while I was asleep:
Shall hinder, delny, prevent, or obstruct, or attempt
to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct, any citizen from
doing any act authorized by this act to be done to
qualify him for voting.
What is the penalty? He is to pay $500
to the person aggrieved. Now, mark you,
although the delay does not prevent the person
from doing the aet, although the attempt to
delay does not prevent him from doing the act,
and although, therefore, he is not aggrieved at
all, here is an iron rule that he is to be paid
$500. If the Senate of the United States are
willing to go do that, let them do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The questiou
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan to the substitute.
Th$ amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the first
section of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, now absent, [Mr. Sherman,]
in the twentieth line, by striking out the words
"or interfere in any manner with any officer
t>f said elections in the discbarge of Mb duties."
It does not say " by word or by deed," or
what the interference may be. The language
is indefinite, and it is impossible to say what
may be considered an interference. It does
not even say "unlawful or improper interfer-
ence," but any interference at all. I move to
strike out those words.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio to the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada has
been agreed to, and the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland to it is not properly in
order at this time; but if there be no objection
the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
. Mr. VICKERS. I suppose I can offer it
again i« the Senate, It will only save time to
act on it now.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let the ques-
tion be taken now. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like tke Secretary
to read the amendment and the section as it
will stand if amended.
The Secretary. It is proposed ta strike
out in the twentieth line of the first section of
the amendment originally offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the follow-
ing words : "or interfere in any manner with
any officer of said elections in the discharge
of his duties so that the clause will read :
Or compel or induce, by any such means or other-
wise, any officer of an election in any such State or
Territory to receive a vote from a person not legally
qualified or entitled to vote; or by anyofsueli means
or otherwise induce any officer of an election, or
officer whose duty it is to ascertain, announce, or
declare the result of any such election, or give or
make any certificate, document, or evidence in rela-
tion thereto, to violate or refuse to comply with his
duty or any law regulating the same.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the twenty-second line
of the first section of the same amendment I
propose to strike out the words " or other-
wise."
Mr. SUMNER. Those are struck out
already.
Mr. STEWART^ No; that was in another
place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not adopt the same
words we did before, "other unlawful means?"
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that that might
be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Strike out the words
"or otherwise," and insert "other unlawful
means."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment to the amendment will be made if there
be no objection.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the sec-
ond section of the same amendment in the
seventh line by striking out the words "or
attempt to register at a place where he shall
not be lawfully entitled to register.'' In many
of the large cities there are a great many places
where voters register, and a man may by mis-
take go to the wrong place.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to that
amendment. I think that is proper.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. In the eighth line of the
same section I move to strike out the words
" or register, or attempt to register, not having
a lawful right so to do." A man may suppose
that he has a right to be registered; he may
honestly believe so; but if he attempts to regis-
ter, and it turns out that he is not entitled to
be, under this provision he would be punished.
The word "knowingly" at least ought to be
inserted. There ought to be an intent_ to do
wrong in the bill somewhere; but as it now
stands an innocent man may be punished.
Mr. STEWART. You might insert "or
knowingly attempt." ✓
Mr. VICKERS. " Or knowingly register or
attempt to register.'
Mr. STEWART.
register."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be stated, that the Senate may know
what it is.
Mr. VICKERS. I suggest the phrase,
"knowingly register or knowingly attempt to
register, not having a lawful right so to do."
Mr. STEWART. I should object to that.
Mr. TH URMAN. If my friend from Mary-
land will reflect for a moment he will see that
that language does not touch the matter.
Every man who offers to register knowingly
offers to register. Every man who registers,
.knowingly registers. What my friend wishes
to get at is that a man shall not attempt to
register, or shall not register knowing himself
not entitled to register.
Mr. VICKERS. That is the idea.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest the phrase
"wrongfully attempt."
Mr. VICKERS. I will change the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. If you make any change
at all—I do not think there is any necessity
for any change—I think the better phrase
would be "with fraudulent intent;" so as to
provide that if a party shall register with
fraudulent intent, or attempt safco register, he
.shall be punished.
" Knowingly attempt to
