1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consulted with every Republican colleague of
mine who was present on the committee at
that time, and they bear me out in this recol-
lection : that the gentleman proposed to sup-
port this bill- on the floor of this House, or
he never would have been intrusted with the
charge of it. I have felt that that much was
due to the bill, because when it comes here
represented by thegentleman from Illinois, and
his very first effort on its behalf was to assail
the bill, it seems to mo that it belongs to the
other gentlemen on the committee who support
this bill to make this statement in justice to the
bill and to the committee.
I, too, have my private griefs which I might
parade hero in reference to this bill. Individ-
ually I am opposed to the admission of Vir-
ginia under this Walker government; individ-
ually I am opposed to the admission of any
State that comes herewith a Republican figure-
head backed up with a rebel back-bone, body
and heels, asinthecaseof Senter of Tennessee,
or Jack Hamilton of Texas, or this man Walker.
But I have learned long ago that I am but a
very small portion of this body, but one of its
humblest members, and that my will goes but
a very little way here, and that my voice has
no more effect here than the voice of the mari-
ner upon the stormy ocean.
I have learned thatl must yield, agree, com-
promise, sometimes where there is a conflict
of views, or accomplish nothing ; and when I
found that there was this drift in favor of ad-
mitting Virginia without condition ; when I
found the President of the United States, in
good faith, I have no doubt, recommendingit;
when I found leading Senators desiring it;
when I found on the vote taken on Monday
last almost half the House insisting that Vir-
ginia should be admitted without condition, I
saw then that it was the duty of the men who
believed that some condition should be im-
posed upon Virginia in its admission to seek
to direct this tide and to secure all that wc
could from the Congress of the United States.
And hence, sir, I favor this bill and propose
to support it now. And I say to the gentle-
men here, I say to the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Palmer] and to all that class of Repub-
licans with whom I have no doubt he sympa-
thizes and whom he represents on this floor,
that unless we get this bill we getnothing.
We either get an unconditional admission of
Virginia without terms, without restrictions,
and without any means of redeeming her or
punishing her if she does not carry out her
obligations, or we get the conditions embodied
in this bill; and I hold it to be the duty of every
Union man upon this floor of Radical tenden-
cies who wishes to defeat this combination on
the other side of Democrats and Conserva-
tives to support this measure as the only meas-
ure that can be got and as the only security
that can be obtained and guarantees we can
secure with reference to the State of Virginia.
Now, what is this bill, this much abused
bill—what is it? My colleague from New York
[Mr. Wood] abuses it; the whole Democratic
side of the House abuses it; the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] swift from the other side
of the Rocky mountains, echoes their cry; my
Conservative friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] who claims to represent the Recon-
struction Committee, but has really attacked
the bill, abuses it. Now, what is there of it?
Let us see; it is a proposition, not to stave off re-
reconstruction, not to prevent the admission of
Virginia, but to admit her upon certain terms and
conditions. The first proposition is that the offi-
cers of the State of Virginia who are not quali-
fied by the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution to hold State offices
shall take an oath that they have not come
within the prohibitions of that articlc. That
is all.
Gentlemen ask, why prescribe this oath if it
is in the Constitution? Thegentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] my colleague upon the
committee, very forcibly said, because the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in the case
of Cffisar Griffin, has decided that this article
would not execute itself; that it requires con-
gressional action in order to be executed. So
we propose to carry out the spirit of that pro-
vision, and to provide the people of Virginia
with some test by which they can ascertain
whetherthe officers that they elect come within
those constitutional prohibitions, and that test
is the oath which requires them to swear as to
whether they have thus engaged in hostilities
against the Government of the United States,
having formerly taken an oath of office as
members of Congress or other officials not to
do so. Gentlemen may sneer at that pro-
vision as they please and ask why notapply it to
all the other States. We are not talking about.
other States now. We are talking about Vir-
ginia. We are proposing to admit Virginia,
and not any other State. Hence we apply the
rule to her, and we will apply it to Mississippi
and to Texas, and I hope, by a general act,
apply it to all the other States.
What else is there left of this bill? I want
to call the attention of the House particularly
to that provision:
Second, That tho constitution of said State shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote or hold office in said State who are
entitled to vote or hold office by said constitution,
except as a punishment for such crimes as are now
felonies at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable to all
the inhabitants of said State; or to prevent any per-
son on account of race, oolor, or previous condition
of servitude from serving as a juror, or'partieipating
equally in the school fund or school privileges pro-
vided for in said constitution.
That the State of Virginia shall never change
its constitution so as to deprive any class of
its citizens of the right to vote, to sit on juries,
or to an equal participation in the school fund
and the school privileges of the State. Those
are the conditions, simple, just, patriotic. And
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that so long as you
secure the jury-box, the ballot-box, and school
privileges to the colored people of Virginia, to
the loyal people of Virginia, so long you will
have there a republican form of government,
so long will you have there a free people, so
long will you have a people that can defend
and protect themselves.
Now, those are the conditions of this " mon-
strous" bill that so disturbs the consciences
of gentlemen on the other side and so troubles
the smooth exterior of the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitcii ;] first, that the people of
Virgini a shall be able to ascertain if they are rep-
resented by men who can take the oath under
the third section of the fourteenth amendment;
and second, third, and fourth, that the colored
people of Virginia and the loyal people of Vir-
ginia shall be preserved in their right to the
ballot, jury-box, and in their right to partici-
pate in the benefits of the school fund. That
is the "monstrous" proposition!
Now, gentlemen saythatthisisafundamental
condition which we have no right to impose
upon a State. Let us see how that is. What
does the Constitution say in regard to the sub-
ject of new States:
" That now States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union; but no new State shall be formed 01-
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State, nor
any State bo formed by the junction of two or more
States or parts of States, without the consent of the
Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of tho
Congress."
New States maybe admitted, when and how?
Those are questions not answered by the Con-
stitution. There is 110 qualification of the
power of Congress to admit new States, and
110 limitation upon the power of Congress to
impose upon them upon such admission any con-
ditions not inconsistent with the general scope
and purpose of the Constitution, and especially
that provision that requires that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government.
This question as to whether conditions could
be imposed upon new States arose in the Fed-
eral Convention that framed the Constitution
of the United States; and I ask the attention
of gentlemen of this House, and particularly
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Log as,]
to the deliberations of that Convention. The
committee of details, whichhad been appointed
to draft a system to be submitted to the Con-
vention, on the 17th of August, 17§7, reported
this as the seventeenth article: ' ,
" New States, properly constituted or established
within the limits of the United States, may be ad-
mitted by tho Legislature into this Government; bur
to such admission the consent of two thirds of the
members present in each House shall 6e,necejssary.
" If new States shall arise within the limits of any
of tho present States the -consent of the Legislature
of the State shall be also necessary to its admission.;
if the admission be consented to, the new State shall
be admitted on tho same terms with the original
States."
Mark you, this was the original draft from
the committee on details :
"If the new States be admitted they shall be
admitted upon the same terms with the original
States."
And then it goes on to provide:
"But the Legislature may make conditions with
the new States concerning the public debt which
may then be subsisting."
On tie 29th day of August, 1787, the seven-
teenth article being taken up for consideration
in the Convention, Gouverneur Morris moved
to strike out the two last sections, inelnding'the
one which provided for the admission of these
new States upon the same footing with the
original States. Mr. Madison opposed the mo-
tion, insisting that the western States neither
should nor ought to submit to a motion which
degraded them from an equal rank with the
other States. Mr. Langdon was in favor of
the motion; he did not know but circum-
stances might arise which would render it in-
convenient to admit new States on terms of
equality. After some further debate the motion
to strike out prevailed by a vole of nine to
two. Therefore the Federal Convention, upon
full consideration of the question whether
they should provide in the Constitution for the
admission of new States npon terms of equality
with the old States, when they came to con-
sider that question, upon a report made by
their committee, they expressly voted it down
upon the assumption that it might impose
conditions upon the growing new States that
should be carried out of the common territory.
And tho precedents of this Government have
been in conformity with that action. The first
precedent was in the case of Louisiana. Louis-
iana, it will be remembered, was acquired from
France, and was admitted upon the fundamental
condition that the river Mississippi and the navi-
gable rivers and waters leading into the same
and into the Gulf of Mexico shall be common
highways and forever free, as well to the in-
habitants of said State as to the inhabitants of
the other States and Territories of the United
States. That was the first precedent.- Under
this power in the Constitution to impose con-
ditions the very first State that was admitted
under the Louisiana purchase was admitted
upon the express and fundamental condition
that she never should interfere with the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi.
The second instance was that of the State of
Missouri. A question then arose which shook
the Union from its center to the circumference,
out of which grew the Missouri compromise
and compact. One of the measures of that
compromise was whether that provision of the
constitution of Missouri which prohibited free
people of color from coming into that State
should be allowed to remain in force, and
Congress admitted Missouri upon the express
fundamental condition that her constitution
should never be So construed as to_ prevent
free people of color from coming into and
settling in that State.
Other fundamental conditions have been im-
posed upon other States of this Union upon
Arkansas, upon Michigan, upon Iowa, upon
Florida. Those States were admitted upon
the express condition; that they snould not
