3686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. THURMAN. That will do.
Mr. STEWART. Then let it read, "with
fraudulent intent shall register or attempt to
register."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if there
be no objection.
Mr. VICKERS. I was going to say, "with
the knowledge that he had no right to regis-
ter.''  :
*' Mr. THVftMAN. " Fraudulent intent"
will do.
Mr. STOCKTON. Senate bill No. 810 is
still open to amendment, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is still
open to amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. On page 2, section two,
line thirteen, after the word "section," Imove
to insert the words "withlntent to violate the
same."
Mr. STEWART. I should object to that
amendment. If an officer knowingly refuses
or omits to give effect to the section then of
course he intends to violate the act. I hope
that amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not wish to. take
up the time of the Senate in talking about this
matter, because I have already spoken upon
it; but I beg the Senator who has charge of
the bill to observe that he is mistaken in his
view of it. If the statement he has just made
were correct, he would be right in the conclu-
sion he came to; but it is not; and I beg to
call his attention to it. The language is:
"And if any such person or officer shall refuse
or knowingly omit." The word "knowingly"
is put after the word "refuse." I spoke of
that the other day. If he shall refuse or know-
ingly omit for any accidental cause to do the
act here contemplated, without the slightest
guilty intent, it is made a crime and punished
absolutely with imprisonment, with no discre-
tion on the part of the court.
Now, I beg leave to call the attention of the
Senate at this early hour of the morning, while
the day is brightly breaking, to this fact; and
I think we shall call the attention of the conn-
try to it, too: you are making it a criminal
offense; you are obliging the court to inflict a
penalty, with no discretion at all, with impris-
onment, where a man may have no guilty
intent in the world. I shall not enlarge upon
it, because I spoke of it the other day ; but if
the Senate of the United States are prepared
'to do that, it does seem to me it is time, at
least, that the line should be strictly drawn
between those men who mean to make this
country a despotism of' that kind and those who
mean to stand by the rights of the people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
"New Jersey to the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Johnston, Mo-
Creery, Morrill of Maine, Patterson. Pomeroy, Pratt,
Soott, Stockton, Thurman, and Viokers—16.
. NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow,Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Colo, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Ilarlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey,
Bevels, Rica, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and
Y ates—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
in an, Buckingham, Cattell, Conkling.Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, denton, Ferry, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Robertson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Sherman, Tipton, Willey, and Wil-
son—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. In the same section, sec-
tion two, line:twenty, after the word "dollars,"
I move to strike out "and" and insert "or;"
and after the word "year," in line twenty-one,
to insert "or both, at the discretion of the
court." The whole effect of this amendment
is to leave it in the power of the court in its
discretion to imprison or not. It does not
make it obligatory on the court, under any
circumstances, to imprison the person who
may be charged with an offense in an indict-
ment. I have seen cases often in the Federal
courts ; lor example, I have seen the case of
a young boy tried under some of your statutes
for embezzling money from the mails, and he
was convicted only on a decoy letter. The
evidence was beyond dispute that he had never
committed any crime whatever except the
crime that the officers of the Government had
induced him to commit in their effort to detect
who the guilty party was; and the court was
obliged to sentence that boy to ten years' im-
prisonment. I have seen many other cases
where the courts deplored the fact that Con-
gress in passing statutes creating crimes left
no discretion to the court in affixing the pun-
ishment. Your judges are selected on account
of your confidence in them, and it certainly is
much better to leave some discretion with
them according to the facts of the case, and
not oblige them to inflict imprisonment in all
cases.
I will make no objection
to the amendment was
Mr. STEWART.
to that amendment.
The amendment
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator wish
to make the same amendment in the other
sections ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes; I wish to make
the same correction in the other sections, so
as to conform to the amendment just agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be regarded as made in all the sec-
tions so as to conform to the vote just taken.
I The question now is on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada as amended.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have some more amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substi-
tute is still open to amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. On page 3, section three,
line seventeen, after the word " omit," I pro-
pose to insert the words "with intent to dis-
qualify an elector." It will then read:
And any judge, inspector, or other officer of elec-
tion whose duty it is or shall be to receive, oount,
certify, register, report, or give effect to the vote of
any such citizen, who shall refuse or knowingly omit,
with intent to disqualify an elector, to receive,
count, certify, register, report, or give effect to tho
vote of such citizen upon tho presentation by him
of his affidavit stating such offer, &c.
' Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will not ask the yeas
and nays. It is the same proposition I made
in the other section in effect.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. On page 4, section four,
line six, after the word "aforesaid," I propose
to insert " with intent to deprive any elector
of the exercise of his suffrage' so as to make
the clause read:
That if any person by force, bribery, threats, intim-
idation, or otherwise, shall hinder, delay, prevent,
or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay, prevent, or
obstruct any citizen from doing any aot authorized
by this act to be done to qualify him to vote or from
voting at any election as aforesaid, with Intent to
deprive any elector of tho exercise of his suffrage,
such person shall for every such offense forfeit, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. In the twelfth line of the
second section of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the
words "or otherwise" occur, and also in lines
fifteen and nineteen. I move to strike them
out.
Mr. STEWART. It was understood that
those words should be stricken out, and the
other term inserted in each case where they
occur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if no
objection be interposed.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That this act shall not
take effect until the lat day of January next.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Imove to strike out from
section eight, lineseventeen, commencing wnh
the word "and" down to and including the
words " United States," in line twenty-four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And the persons so appointed to execute any war-
rant or process as aforesaid shall have authority to
summon andcall to their aid the bystanders or posse
comitatut of the proper county, or such portion of
the land or naval forces of the United States, or of
the militia, as may be necessary to the performance
of the duty with which they are charged, and to in-
sure a faithful observance of the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. The effect of the amend-
ment is simply to take away from these persons,
the deputies of commissioners, of whom I have
already spoken more than sufficiently, the un-
usual powers vested in them by this bill, and
leave them simply the usual power of bailiffs
to execute warrants.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. Would it be in order to
offer this amendment?
That all laws and parts of laws giving the right to
any officer or department of the Government, or
other person, to either send or receive through tho
United States mails free of charge, any letter, docu-
ment, or other mailable matter, are hereby repealed.
I do not propose to vote for it, but merely
present it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
( thinks it is not germane to this bill. It is not
1 in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out from
line eight of section ten the words "a fee of
ten dollars" and insert instead " the usual fees
allowed to the marshal for an arrest." The
object is to put this fee for arrests upon the
usual footing of the compensation allowed to
the marshal for the same sort of service. There
seems to be no good reason in the world for
the large fee allowed in this case.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Imove to strike out from
section ten, commencing at line twenty, begin-
ning with the word "and" down to and includ-
' ing the word "made," in line twenty-two. The
words to be stricken out are: "paid out of the
Treasury of the United States on the certificate
of the judge of the district within which the
arrest is made.-" I propose to take that clause
! out. I think the Treasury of the United States
j would not last very long if that should become
| Mr. STEWART. I liope that amendment
! will not be adopted.
; The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 8, noes 34.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me the second
| section of the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Maine ought to be amended. In the
| twenty-ninth line, if the word "first" was
i stricken out and the word " preceding " was sub-
I! stituted, the same penalties would be attached
Ij toa violation of that section that are attached
j to a violation of the first section of th'13 bill,
i| and if that amendment is not made there will
|; be no penalties.
J Mr. STEWART. That will be adjusted by
| the arrangement of the bill. It is so under-
!; stood. The Clerk makes the correct references
! to the proper sections.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
; understands that this section will be made to
conform, as the numbering of the sections will
have to be changed. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the change will be made. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
