5574:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Cragin, Eenton, Hamilton of Texas,
Harris, Kellogg, MeCreery, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spenoer, Sprague, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Willed—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Drake, Edmunds, Jerry, Flanagan,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howard,Howell, Johnston,Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Bevels, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Thayer, Vickers, and Yates—23.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 offer a report from a com-
mittee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2369) making additional appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 30,1870, and June 30,1871, and for other
purposes, having mot, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede Irom their amendment
numbered 14.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments ot the Senate numbered 2, 3,4, 5,8,
9,10,11,12,13,15, and 10; and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: add at the end
of said amendment the following: '*in the office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, for one clerk of
class four,one clerk of class three, twoclerks of class
two, and throe clerks of class one, £>9,8j0;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree tothe
same with the following amendment: add to the
end of said amendment the following words: "and
tho sum of 3405 per annum to the assistant librarian
in charge of the Hall library;" andthe Senateagrce
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows : add to the
end of said amendment tho followin'-r words: "Pro-
vided, That tho appropriation of $78,000 for litho-
graphing for the Pateut Office, in the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill for the
year ending June 30,1871, is hereby carricd to the
fund for lithographing and engraving for tho Sen-
ate and House of Representatives ;" and the Senate
agroe to the samo.
L. M. MORRILL,
C. COLE,
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES,
W. IS. NIBLACK,
J. A. PETERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator trom
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at one
o'clock a. m. to-morrow.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that motion debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I yield to the Senator
from West Virginia.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is the motion amendable ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 move to amend by sub-
stituting nine o'clock in the morning instead
of one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qnes
tion is on the amendment offered by tho Sen-
ator from West Virginia.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to appeal to the
Senator from West Virginia to make it eleven
o'clock. It will be late when we get away from
here to-night, and we want all the rest we can
get up to eleven o'clock. I suggest to him to
make it eleven o'clock.
Mr. BOIIEMAN. But I understand eleven
o'clock is the regular hour of meeting of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
fixed hour.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then make it ten o'clock.
Hive us time to get some rest,.
Mr. BOREMAN. No, sir ; 1 will say nine
o'eiock.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask if the motion as it
now stands is not, an amended motion; and
if this is not in the nature of an amendment
in the third degree, and out of order?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
is not an amended motion. The Senator from
Nevada accepted the amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and the motion, as
modified, is now amendable.
Mr. STEWART. I think we shall want all
the time after one o'clock to do the business.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, substituting nine o'clock for
one o'clock.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 13.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to make one
suggestion. The whole Senate must know
that the object is to have two days for the
purpose of transacting business that cannot be
transacted under the rules in one day. The
object is to prevent the necessity of a called
session of the Senate to do the necessary
business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to say this:
that if we continue right along it will be very
easy to change the hour, if we now agree to
meet at one o'clock. We shall have the whole
thing in our hands if we fix it now atone o'clock,
and then if we can arrive at any agreement to
prevent sitting here all night we can do it, or
we can have an adjournment just before one
o'clock, and then begin another day, if it
becomes necessary to stay here to do the work.
The object of this whole thing will be defeated
if you put it over till nine o'eiock. There will
not be time after that to do the necessary
business.
Mr. RAMSEY. My honorable friend from
Nevada never can rest satisfied with the action
of the Senate. The Senate has by a large vote
determined to meet at nine o'clock, knowing
that we shall need all the rest we can get in
that time; and yet in spite of all that he persists
in calling for the yeas and nays. I hope the
Senate will stand by its determination which
it has just expressed by a decided vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am never
in favor of any sharp practices in legislation or
in motions to adjourn. Now, I believe that if
we put this off until nine o'clock to-morrow it
will necessarily result in a called session of
the Senate. I am in favor of doing all the ex-
ecutive business we have to d*> between this
and twelve o'clock to-morrow; but I do not
believe it will be done if we make a legislative
day for to-morrow, beginning at nine o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
believe that we should depart from a proper
mode of doing business. 1 am for staying here
at all reasonable hours for transacting the public
business of the country ; but I am not disposed
to pass a resolution to meet at one o'clock in
the morning when there will be sufficient time
to do the business by meeting at nine o'clock
in the morning ; and for this reason I will not
assume that any member of the Senate will dis-
regard all the proprieties of his position and by
faction seek to defeat the wishes of the Senate
when fairly expressed. And I say to the Senator
from Nevada if he is making his motion on the
assumption that he will force down faction he
is mistaken, because if we meet at one o'clock
to-morrow morning it will be in the power of
half a dozen Senators to preveut a thing being
done to-morrow.
The members of this body meet here as
honorable men, as men charged with public
duties by the respective States which they rep-
resent. If half a dozen of them combine to-
gether to obstruct the publicbusiness they may
do it from one o'clock to-morrow morning
until twelve o'clock meridian to-morrow; but
it will require a longer struggle than it will
from nine o'clock; but I will not assume that
there are half a dozen Senators or that there
is one Senator who will put himself in a posi-
tion to stop the public business of the nation.
I should be sorry to see among us any single
individual who would attempt thus to obstruct
the public business of the country; but if it
turns out that there are any such here, if in this
body, always distinguished from the foundation
of the Government for the courtesy of its
members; if in this body, where a sense of
propriety and honor has governed rather than
strict rules; if here the time has come when a
few Senators will undertake to obstruct the
public business, they will force the- Senate to
adopt those strict rules which shall place every
member of the body in a strait-jacket, as it
were, and where a majority will have it in their
power to force action at once over the heads
of those who may seek nothing more than to
express their opinions in fair debate.
Now, I think we should adjourn, when we
adjourn, to a reasonable hour to-morrow, and
nine o'clock I think is one, and come here
and finish the public business. If it turns out
that any one is disposed by captious opposi-
tion to prevent necessary action by this body
then we shall be forced (and it would be with
the greatest reluctance that I could come to
that conclusion) to adopt a rule which shall
apply to members of this body, not as honor-
able persons, but as persons designing to
obstruct the public business.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a
suggestion. I venture to propose to my friend
from Nevada to adopt the suggestion made in
conclusion by the Senator from Illinois. Ob-
viously, it is the sense of the majority of tho
Senate that the adjournment had better be, as
the Senator from Illinois has suggested, until
nine o'clock. I think the mover of this res-
olution should acquiesce in that, and I think
the Senator from Illinois has said enough to
attract the attention of everybody to the case
and to the circumstance, should it arise, which
will leave the responsibility upon any one who
interposes, as I hope and suppose nobody will,
to prevent the conclusion of that business
which properly awaits us now. If the Senator
from Nevada will consent to that, I suggest to
him that he withdraw his call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STEWART. On that statement I with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the call for the yeas and nays
being withdrawn? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the call is withdrawn. The question
is on the motion as amended, that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at
nine o'clock to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY IN GALVESTON.
Mr. WILSON. I report from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs House joint resolution
No. 37G, authorizing the donation of certain
property of the United States in the city of
Galveston, State of Texas, to said city, and 1
ask to put it on its passage.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I want the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will allow that resolution to pass.
It will take but a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. If it takes but a moment, I
will not interpose.
Mr. WILSON. If it leads to debate I will
withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37G) au-
thorizing the donation of certain property of
the United States in the city of Galveston,
State of Texas, tq said city. By the joint res-
olution the buildings, barracks, fences, sheds,
cisterps, &c.; the property of the United States.
