187a
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
Mr. CONKLING. Do you not strike out
something?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir. It will be seen
that this section requires of all the existing
banking associations that they shall use the
bonds to bo issued under this bill, instead of
those which they now employ. The clause
reads:
And all national banking associations organised
under said act-
That is, the currency act- -
or amendments thereof, are hereby required
to deposit bonds issued under this act as security for
their circulating notes within one year from the date
of the passage of this act.
In default of which their right to issue circu-
lating bills is taken from them. Now, sir, this
ia the state of facts. Let as cay that a partic-
ular bank has placed in the hands of the Treas-
urer of the United States, for illustration's
sake, $100,000 of the old issues. They are
required to substitute for those old issues the
bonds to be issued under this act. How are
they to obtain them ? Are they to go into the
market and use other means for the purpose
of purchasing up bond^ issued under this act
and take them to the Treasury and substitute
them for the old bonds? It seems to me the
chairman of the Committee on Finance will
perceive at once that here is an omission in his
bill which ought to be supplied. The amend-
ment which 1 have offered simply authorises
the banks to go to the Treasury and exchange
the bonds which they have already deposited
for the new bonds provided for by this bill, on
such terms as the Secretary of the Treasury
may think equitable and fair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
object of the Senator's amendment, but the
language in which it is couched I think will
create difficulties. In the first place, some of
the bonds filed as security are Pacific railroad
bonds, which are not embraced in this present
scheme and which onght not to be embraced
in the present scheme, because they are bonds
guarantied by ns ; but they are not our bond 8,
although we are responsible for them. Then
there is another provision:
Any'auoh basking associations nay on such terms
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
I think that language is too broad. I think
they ought to be exchanged par for par. With
these modifications I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HO W ARD. I have no objection to that
change.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that he has no objection to a provision that an
1881 bond, a bond not payable until 1881, must
be exchanged, in order to preserve their bank-
ing franchises at par, for a bond bearing four
or four and a half per cent.?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York misapprehends. They have the right to
withdraw their bonds and sell them in market,
and sell them above par; but the question with
me is this: the Secretary cannot make this
exchange, because he cannot increase the pub-
lic debt; he cannot allow a premium for the
bonds of 1881; bat if the bank claimed a pre-
mium for the bonds of 1881, it would have to
take them and sell them in the market.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will the Senator
answer me And say bow a bank that baa its
entire capital invested in bonds, and has few or
no deposits, will be able to withdraw the bonds
which it has on deposit?
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
that it has one year in which to do it, and it
®ay withdraw, say, $10,000 or any amount at
a time. I have no objection to this amendment
properly modified, so as to gaard against ex-
changes of Pacific railroad bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill proposes to
forfeit the privileges of the banks unless they
do a certain thing. What is that? Unless they
lodge one third of their basis in four per cent,
bonds, one third in four and a half, and one
third in five per cent, bonds. The average is
four and a half percent. Now, the Senator
from Michigan asks, how are they going to do
this? They cannot avail themselves of their
present bonds. Why ? Because their currency
is out which holds fast their present bonds.
Therefore he says they must, under the act as
it stands, raise means otherwise, and go into
the market and buy these bonds in order to
carry them to the Treasury, and thus retire
their own. It seems to me that position is
unanswerable.
Now, what does the Senator from Ohio say ?
He says,'' I have no objection to allowing them
to go to the Treasury and receive other bonds
in exchange for theirs, provided the exchange
is made at par."
Mr. SHERMAN. Par for par.
Mr. CONKLING. My observation upon
that is this: that these three sections of the
act come near enough repudiation without
that; and the very moment that you so enact,
unmistakably you repudiate. Why? Because
the sixes of 1881, running absolutely to that
time, a long bond bearing now in the market
a certain value, are as good as gold for a cer-
tain sum,'more than par, and when you hold
over these banks a rod saying, "We will con-
fiscate your banks, we will annihilate your
franchises, unless you come in and surrender
these valuable bonds for a four and a half per
cent, bond at par," if that be not repudia-
tion, I ask some Senator to tell me what repu-
diation is.
Now, Mr. President, there is another sug-
gestion about this matter which I have not
heard in debate, and I may be wrong about
it; but I submit it to more intelligent Senators.
The suggestion is now that $300,000,000 of
bonds are to be simultaneously thrown on the
market by the banks, to the end that by dis-
posing of their bonds—withdrawing them, as
the Senator from Ohio says—they may reim-
burse themselves for the funds they have been
compelled to raise to buy other bonds to take
their place. Now, am I wrong in supposing
that if you suddenly force upon the market
$800,000,000 of bonds now held by the Comp-
troller of the Currency you more than impede
the process and embarrass the transaction by
which you are to float your cheaper bonds ?
A B shall no longer hold his bonds of 1881.
Why? Because he wants to bank on them,
and yon divest them of the banking franchise.
Very well. I am not a banker, and therefore
I may hold them; I buy them. But if $300,-
000,000 of those bonds or their equivalent are
to be put upon the market, is not the market
so treated that you cannot expect at the same
time to sell cheaper bonds to me and to other
persons who are seeking good investments?
And as my honorable friend from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] suggests, theseare six per cent, bonds
payable in coin and running till 1881, abso-
lutely pastthe reach of the Government, unless
by this or something else you propose to repu-
diate them.
I say if Pacific railway bonds, five-twenty
bonds, and other bonds still running and bear-
ing six per cent, interest, are to be thrown, to
the amount of $300,000,000, simultaneously
upon the market, it seems to me that that is
very odd treatment of the gold of the market
if you wish to avail yourselves of it in order
to float four and a half and four per cent, bonds.
There may be some answer to this. I submit
it merly as a suggestion that strikes me in con-
nection with what I conceive to be the almost
repudiation of these sections as they stand, and
the unmistakable repudiation if you confiscate
banking franchises, unless their owners come in
and exchange, par for par, a six per cent, bond,
having eleven years to run absolutely and
bearing now a high premium, for three kinds
of bonds, the average interest of which is to be
only four and a half per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. The last vote showed
that there were just forty Senators present.
Nearly one half of the Senate is absent.
Twenty-one Senators are a majority of all who
are here to-night. Now I put it to the Senate
if this measure, so important, is to be acted
upon, decided upon, passed upon, when twenty-
one Senators, not one third of the Senate, can
do just what they please? I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 20.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. ABBOTT. If there can be a general
, understanding that we can go on and finish up
voting on this bill without any further discus-
sion, I shall vote against an adjournment;
otherwise I am not going to stay here if I can
help it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot decide that; Senators must decide for
, themselves. _ The motion is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resultea—yeas 22, nays 19; as follows :
I YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard. Cam-
eron, Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pratt, Schurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Ihnrman, Tipton, and Vickers—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Edmunds,
Fenton, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Osborn, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sherman,
Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and Wil-
son—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Carpen-
- ter, Cattell, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton, Kellogg, Lewis, McCrecry, McDonald,
Norton, Nye. Patterson,Pomeroy, Pool. Revels, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart,
Willey, and Yates—28.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
1 •
Wednesday, March 9, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.'
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported the following resolution
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Retolved, That the Secretary of the treasury be
directed to report to this House wjiich, if any, of the
public buildings not yet eommenoed, for which esti-
mates have been submitted at the present session to
either House of Congress from his Department, in
his opinion the public exigencies require to be com-
menced during the next fiscal year; and on which,
if any, of the public buildings now in process of con-
struction for whioh estimates have so been made the
public exigencies require the work to be continued
during the said year.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
j | moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LATB EDWIN M. gXAKCON.
j Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
j | mittee on Appropriations to report back the
I.' joint resolution (H. R. No. 113) to pay one
year's salary as associate justice of the Su-
preme Court td the family of Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton, with a verbal amendment.
J The joint resolution was read. It provides
that in consideration of the distinguished ser-
vices and untimely death of Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton there shall be paid to his family a sum
equal to one year's salary of an associate jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States,
being the office he held at the time of his death.
The amendment of the Committee on Appro
priations was to strike out the word "fan.ily"
j and insert in lieu thereof "widow, for the use
of herself and his children."
Mr. WOOD. I have no wish"to object to
! this resolution, but I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether we have any precedent of this
character?
Mr. DAWES. This joint resolution was
; introduced by another gentleman, and referred
j to the Committee on Appropriations, and we
I report it back. I would say to the gentleman
