1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4631
other which Its likely soon to come up, and that
is, that Senators and Representatives shall pay
their entire postage, bat shall have increased
pay to the amount, say, of $1,000, and I do
not know but more.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am utterly
averse to a reform in that direction; but that
is the end, in my judgment, of this whole furore
in favor of this franking scheme of reform. It
is, that we may surrender a little and hereafter
obtain much.
Now, sir, I hope that the Senate will consent
to vote without any reference to the merits of
this scheme, and vote it out of this bill, and
with such a decisive vote that it will deter any
other attempt to ingraft a scheme of this sort
on a mere appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART. If there was any method
of taking a vote to ascertain of the Senate
whether this proposition should be put on the
bill, without having it put on or off, so that we
could determine thequestion precisely,I should
be very willing to take a vote. But it seems to
roe that this proposition, if adopted, renders
the whole appropriation bill for the PostOffice
Department rather an immaterial thing. The
Post Office Department is not answering the
purpose for which it was originally introduced.
Senators may smile; but lam serious in the
assertion. Senators do not reflect on this im-
portant subject. When the Post Office Depart-
ment was originally organized it was intended as
a means of communication among the people,
and in that view you have been legislating
against express companies. Now, I am not
sure that we had not better give the business
all over to the express companies ; because the
ordinary carrying of the mails now by means
of stages and railroads is so far behind the age
that it is worth comparatively but little. While
we had the franking privilege it was of some
use.
I want to call the attention of Senators to
the real difficulties in the way. Here is a tel-
egraphic concern which supplies news to the
papers, and supplies such news as suits the
v latitude; makes sueh statements as it pleases,
and none but the rich papers can buy this news.
In one half of the country, all through the South,
you never get a truthful statement upon any
political matter. Take the Associated Press;
it does not pretend to give truthful statements
from the South on political questions, because
in that section the Associated Press and the
Western Union Telegraph Company arem the
hands of persons who are not friendly to the
Government. It was so during the war. Go
to New York and other sections where the
mass of the people are triendly to the Govern-
ment, and you get by the Associated Press and
the Western Union Telegraph Company a cor-
rect account of matters. Out on the Pacific
coast we have no Republican papers able to
take this news. We have the independent
press there, who protess to advocate whatever
they please. The Republican papers are un-
able to take it. The Democratic papers are
unable to take it. They have been complaining
v«ry much. I wish this telegraphic monopoly
to be put down, so that the small Democratic
papers may have their side stated, and we may
have our side stated. But what is stated now
depends upon the faith of the Associated I less.
Now, it sometimes happens, and it lias hap-
penedduring the progressofreconstructionand
during the war, that it is thought important to
communicate with our constituents and to give
them the proceedings of Congress. Both parties
have thought itiinportant todo that, lheywere
not willing to leave the dissemination of the
information that was deemed necessary for the
proper enlightenment of the country as to the
measures of the Government to be a mere mat-
ter of speculation. 1 do not blame the \\estem
Union Telegraph Company, I do not blame
the Associated Press, because they cannot sell
good, wholesome news down in that countiy.
The rich people are against the Government.
The Associated Press and the Western Union
Company send such news there as will sell, and
I do not blame them. A newspaper must re-
spond to the popular current of the day, and I
have no fault-to find with the papers that do it.
The news that is sent there is news that will be
palatable to the people. They could not live
if they pursued any other course. They are
going to send popular news; palatable news, to
those who are able to buy. That is the present
situation of affairs.
Now, we want the real facts to go to the
country, and there have been franked from
this Capitol, laboriously franked, immense
numbers of documents, in order that the real
proceedings that have occurred here might be
spread over the country; and I assert that that
has been a more important agency than any
other in enabling the people to understand the
true situation of affairs.
Now, you propose to cut off this means of
disseminating truthful information just as you
are going into a political campaign. Both
political parties desire the system to continue.
Both parties desire the real facts to be spread
before the country. The Democrats want to
send their version of affairs into New England.
There the Associated Press will reflect the
opinions of the Republican party, as a general
thing. Give them the opportunity to do so.
I do not fear having the real truth sent out to
the country, and I do not think the dissemina-
tion among the people of what actually occurs
in the operations of their Government should
be left to newspapers and telegraphic reports,
which must necessarily be short, and must be
made marketable in the place where they are
sent, or they will not be sent. If you cut off
the means of furnishing information afforded
by the franking privilege, what have you got
left of the Post Office?
Then there is another thing about your Post
Office Department. It is slow. The means
of communication that it afforded when it was
first organized are of very little practical value
now comparatively to what they were then,
because it has been superseded by a more
powerful agency, the telegraph. The telegraph
lines of this country are in the hands of a
mighty monopoly, a monopoly so mighty that
few men dare speak about it, a monopoly which
has sprung up from a few hundred thousand
dollars, ten or fifteen years ago, to $40,000,000
to-day, with an income, according to the esti-
mates of the company, that is perfectly enorm-
ous. In a statement of facts from the books
and reports of officers of the Western Union
Telegraph Company I find the following :
"Mr. Grant, in liis report, estimates that the net
earnings will be $5,00-1,000 in 187o: tho dividends
eleven per cent.in 1876, and filteen per cont.m Io7/;
and says that ' the only tiling which can possibly
prevent this prospective improvement is the lnter-
ferenue by Congress in the business of telegraphy.
Now, here is a business out of which millions
and millions a year cau be made. It is con-
fined all over the country to one company.
The rich can send their dispatches; the poor
cannot. The reason, why you established the
Post Office Department was because express
companies charged enormous prices and placed
the means of communication out ot the reach
of the poor. Stop your Post Office altogether,
wipe it out to-day, and letters wnl be sent, all
over the country; but they will only be in the
reach' of the rich ; they only will be able to
communicate in that way. Now your good
design in establishing the 1 ost Office lias been
in a great measure superseded; ana the real
method of communication among the people
now, that which is advantageous, that out ot
which the speculator makes his money, the
telegraph, is m the hands of the rich, and the
poor cannot afford to indulge in that luxury.
Prom here to my own State 
Mr. POMEBOY. Mr. President 
Mr STEWART. I would prefer not to be
interrupted just now. From here to my own
State the expense of telegraphing is so great
that any ordinary communication by telegraph
would take all my salary. I believe it is from
seven to .ten dollars for ten words to my State.
Only the rich can avail themselves of it. 'The
poor must wait for their news until it is super-
seded by this enormous monopoly, anticipated
by the rich. The idea of the Government tak-
ing possession of the mails as a means of trans-
mitting, news between the people was to allow
all to be equally benefited by it. The Pc /
Office Department has never yet undertaken
to occupy this field of telegraphing at all. It
does not undertake it; it does not propose to
do it; but it proposes to abandon a portion of
the field that it does occupy, a portion of the
field that it has occupied with great advantage
to this country in disseminating real and use-
ful knowledge, whether it was palatable or
unpalatable t.0 those who were able to buy it
from the Associated Press.
Why, sir, the Associated Press could not flour-
ish in the South for one hour if it would tell the
truth with regard to political matters. It must
color its reports to suit that section, or it could
not exist there any more than a press could
exist in New England that would advocate
the doctrine of secession. A press mnst reflect
the sentiments of the country where it is sold,
and inasmuch as in the South those who are
able to buy news have been from the begin-
ning inimical to the Government the news that
is sold there is inimical to the Government. I
say the franking privilege afforded the only_
means in the hands of the representatives of
the people to send the real facts into that sec-
tion of the country. Hence, you notice, and
for this reason, that the Senators on this floor
from the South are uniformly voting regularly
and steadily against the abandonment of this
arm of the Government by which their people
are to be instructed.
We may as well understand this thing as it
is. Take away the franking privilege, and your
Post Office will be worth nothing. Refuse to
incorporate with it the telegraph, leave the
telegraph for the rich, and you leave the poor
to carry on the Post Office Department, and
to pay its expenses, without having the advan-
tages of it. If you are going to have the news
of the country put into the hands of a monop-
oly, then abandon the carrying of the mails,
and let the express companies form one grand
monopoly, and let them carry letters, and let
the telegraph companies remain a monopoly
as they now are.
If you mean reform, if you mean that the
Post Office Department shall amount to any-
thing, start in on the true road to reform. If
you mean that it shall be a medium of com-
munication between the people, take hold of
all the means of communication and hotd
them by the strong band. If you will bring
down telegraphing, so that telegraphs can be
sent to the small papers that are struggling in
the South, so that they can buy the news, so
that it will reach them, then you can do away
with the franking privilege. But while the
telegraph is in the hands ot a few, and news is
sold only to the rich and to those untnenuly
to the Government, you have no right to cut
off this franking privilege. _
If you should put the price of telegraphing
down so as to be within the reach ot all, then
the small country papers can buy the telegraphic
news; can obtain it from reliable sources, and
they can sell it to the poor ; but when- tcle-
granhic news costs what it now costs it cannot
be furnished to the mass of the people. Ihey
cannot avail themselves of it. I say that the
proposition of the Senator from Alabama, to
nostDOne the operation of this measure until
next January, was a reasonable proposition
in view of the fact that the subject has never
been properly investigated by a committee, and
there is norepoit from a committee as to what
I system shall be adopted. I brieve tuey have
made a report on the subject of this telegraphic
mononolv I say that telegraphing is a3 much
LpartofW duLof the Post Office to-day
if we are gojng to have a Post Offico, a  the
