1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3687
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
%e yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3'J, nays 9; as follows-
penter
tii"
Warner, and Yates—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly. Dans, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreory. Stockton,
Thurmnn. and Vickers—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
inau, Buckingham, Cattoll. CoukUng, Drake, lid-
munds, Fenton, Ferry. Kellogg. Lewis. Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Robertson, baulsbury, ScUurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—24.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HOWE. I think there ought to be some
consideration given to an amendment adopted
just now on the motion of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.] I am not sure that
I understand the effect of that, but if I do
understand it I think that amendment ought
not to have been agreed to. It is in line eleven,
page 3. Let that amendment be reported.
The Chief Clerk. On page 3, section three,
after the word " being," line eleven, the words
" proved to be " were inserted; so as to read:
And the person so offering and failing as aforesaid,
and being proved to be otherwise qualified, shall be
entitled to vote in the same manner and to the same
extent as if he had in fact performed such act.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand the effect of
that amendment it makes the right of the per-
son to depend entirely on the judgment of
those who preside at the election, the judges
of the election. If a man proves to them that
he is otherwise qualified, then he is entitled to
vote, although he has not been able to comply
with these prerequisites. Ia that the effect
of it?
Mr. VICKERS. The language is:
That whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution or laws of any State or the laws ot any
Territory, any act is or shall be required to be done
by any citizen as a prerequisite to quality or entitle
him to vote, the offer of any such citizen to perform
tbe act required to be done as aforesaid shall, it it
fail to be carried into execution by reason of the
wrongful act or omission aforesaid of the person or
otficcr charged with the duty of receiving or permit-
tine such performance,, or offer to perform, or acting
thereon, bo deemed and held as a performance in
law of such act: and the person so offering and tail-
ing as aforesaid—
It reads in the print—
and being otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to
vote.
Having failed to be registered, of which the
judge of the election can know nothing except
by his affidavit, the party is to prove to the
judge of the election his qualifications to vote,
because the judge cannot know the reason of
his rejection. , , ,
Mr. STE WART. I think we had better not
concur in that amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Clearly not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can move to strike out those words.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move to strike out
those words.
Mr. THURMAN. The question is on agree-
ing, I believe.
Mr. HOWE. We have not agreed to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a consolidated amend-
ment all in one. A motion to strike out any
part of it can be made.
Mr. HOWE. I move to strike out those
words. . . . .
Mr. VICKERS. This section as itis printed
compels the judge of the election, on the sim-
ple affidavit of the party who has been wrong-
fully deprived of being registered, to take jiis
vote. There is no proof required that he is a
legal voter; there is no proof of the attempt
to register; and there ought to be some pr°of
to the judge, otherwise the simple oath ot the
party qualifies him to vote. If the registrar
refuses to register a party applying, and he
applies to the judge of the election, he ought
to show the judge of the election that he is a
qualified voter. It would only transfer the
examination of the qualification from the regis-
trar to the judge ot the election, or otherwise
a man would be permitted to vote who hail no ,
qualification at all, simply upon an affidavit j
that he had been wrongfully deprived of regis- j
tration. I think if a man offers to vote, after j
he has been refused a registration, he should
satisfy the judge that he is a qualified voter,
just as he would have had to satisfy the regis-
trar that he should have been registered. That
is the effect of it; otherwise you permit men
to vote who have not a single qualification.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that on the point
of registering there has been proof taken pro
and con, and upon hearing the proof on both
sides pro and con the registrar refuses to
register a party. He then comes up and makes
an affidavit that he has been wrongfully refused
to be registered, and upon that affidavit, with-
out hearing evidence pro and con, without any
proof of his qualification to vote, he is atlowed
to vote.
Mr. HOWARD. He votes at his peril.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems to me that if
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] fully
understood the matter—he will pardon me'for
supposing he does not—he would not ask the
Senate to strike out those words. What is this
bill in this respect? A man applies to the regis-
trar to be registered. The object of a registry
law is that there shall be an officer haying
ample time to inquire into the qualifications
of electors, that he shall not be compelled to
decide in the hurry of an election, but that he
shall have ample time to hear the testimony
pro and con. He hears the testimony, forms
his opinion; it maybe as honest an opinion as
ever was formed in the world; upon that testi-
mony before him he honestly concludes that
the man is not a qualified voter, and refuses
to register him. This bill authorizes that man
to make an affidavit that he was wrongfully
refused to be registered, and that is to be
taken as conclusive of the fact that he was
wrongfully refused. That is your bill. In
other words, it is to be taken as conclusive of
the fact that he was a qualified voter and ought
to have been registered. When that objection
was made the answer of the Senator from Ne-
vada was that h.e must be (t otherwise qual-
ifiedthat is, qualified otherwise than by
registration; but the bare fact that, his vote is
to be taken upon his own affidavit that he was
wrongfully refused registration necessarily in-
cludes the fact that he was a qualified voter
and entitled to registration. Therefore the
Senator from Pennsylvania was perfectly right
in saying that if you pass this you repeal the
registration laws. That is the whole of it.
The amendment of the Senator from Mary
land was therefore a very proper amendment.
Prima facie, the man is not a qualified voter
if the registrar has refused to register him.
He appeals Irom that—that is the effect^of your
bill—to the judges of election to decide that
question in the hurry-scurry of an election.
The whole object of the registration is done
away with, all the time and opportunity to in-
vestigate his qualifications are done away w;th,
and in the hurry of an election, with a crowd
around the polls, upon his simple affidavit that
he was wrongfully refused registration, (and
he could not be wrongfully refused registration
unless he were a qualified voter,) upon that
alone—that man's affidavit, which his own
feelings or his own ignorance may induce him
to make against the solemn judgment of an
officer of the State appointed to register the
voters—that man is to be allowed to vote, or
the judge is to pay $500 into his pocket and
$500 to tbe United States.
Mr. HOWE. I will just say that I think
after all that I did understand the section. 1
do not know that I can make the Senator from
Ohio believe that I do, but I think it must be
manifesto certainty is manifest to me—that
nobody gets any rights or nny protection under
this section except a qualified voter. The right
he gets is just this: that if he is prevented
from registering by the unlawful act ot the
officers charged with that duty that shall not
deprive him of the privilege ot' voting.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him? What is the evidence that
the registrar unlawfully deprives him of the
right but the man's own affidavit?
Mr. HOWE. That may be the evidence of
it; but that is not the question that arises
here. When he offers his vote there can no
objection be made that he is not registered,
because the answer is that he has been refused
that privilege, that right 
Mr. STEWART. On account of race or
color.
Mr. HOWE. On some account he has been
wrongfully refused that right. So, without
niuiigiuitj - o~ ' _
being registered, he has the right to vote, being
a qualified elector, but not unless he is a qual-
ified elector, The judges of election may
decide, and must decide whether he is a qual-
ified elector or not; and their decision, if
these words are stricken out, is not final, is not
conclusive. If these words are in, their de-
cision is conclusive, because then the_ man
who offers to vote has got to prove to their sat-
isfaction that he is a qualified voter, and if
they are not satisfied with it they rightfully
exclude his vote. Strike those words out, and
then if his vote is offered the judges can receive
it or not at their choice ; but if they refuse to
receive it, the other remedies of the bill will
redress that wrong afterward.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not the Senator
see that his argument does away with all regis-
tration? What better right has a mail who
offered to register and was honestly rejected,
although erroneously by the registrar, than a
man who had never offered to register at all?
I say that when you make that man's affidavit
conclusive evidence that he was wrongfully
rejected you do away with all your registration
laws. Who is the registrar? A person either
elected by the people or appointed by the Ex-
ecutive of the State. He is generally a man
of character, and acts under the solemnities
of an oath. Under the solemnities of his oath
he decides upon the testimony that a particular
man is not a qualified voter; and now you
make that man a judge in his own cause, and
make his affidavit that he was wrongfully re-
fused registration conclusive evidence that he
ought to have been registered, conclusive evi-
dence that the sworn officer of the law violated
the law in refusing to register him. You make
a man, with all his prejudices, with all his in-
terests, a judge in his own cause, and make his
affidavit override the sworn judgment of the
officer of the State.
My own opinion is- that the judge might re-
ceive the challenge to that man on the ground
that he was not qualified. My own opinion is
that that section would only relieve him from
proof of registration. That is my own judg-
ment about it; but if registration laws are
worth anything, if they ought to exist at all,
then I put it to my friend whether the affidavit
uncontradicted—and this bill does not per-
mit any contradiction—whether the uncontra-
dicted affidavit of the man ought to override
the sworn judgment of the sworn officer of
the State?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
consin [Mr. Howe] to thfe amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agMrd VICKERS. As that amendment has
been agreed to, and the words before inserted
on my motion have been stricken out, I will
now move to amend the third section by insert-
in" after the word "act," in line twenty-three,
the words "on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude," so as to require
the affidavit tostate that the affiant was wrong-
