2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
such is the case, 110 wonder (hat the lives of
the peaceful are entirely at the mercy of the
savage and the outlaw. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] the other day, with
that feeling of exultation that would naturally
come from the peace that reigns throughout
the Green Mountain State, said:
" No bands of this character long exist in any of
the northern or western States. They sometimes get
up in a particular county and for a little while; but
the law and order men, the people who are the suf-
ferers, the victims of this sort of violence, organize
themselves into upholders of the law, and masked
assassins disappear off the face of the earth rapidly,
as they ought to do; and all the world says amen."
Ah, sir, that is true in Vermont, but how
utterly untrue as a picture of the southern
States all the evidence before you tends most
fully to prove. The worst of it is that it is not
there the white man preying upon his fellow
white man so much as it is the white man
preying upon the negro. The negro who has
no arms to defend himself, the negro who
knows very well that he can look for justice
nowhere but at the hands of this great Govern-
ment of the United States, is a fit subject for
the exercise of this demoniac spirit of rage and j
revenge, of assassination and destruction.
There is another thing that 1 would call the
attention of Senators to. I called the atten-
tion of the Senate to it on a former occasion.
I demand notice to be taken of the fact in the
minds of Senators, that according to a state-
ment which I got about two years ago from Gen-
eral Dyer, the head of the ordnance depart-
ment, there must remain this day in the hands
of the rebels of the South two hundred and fifty
thousand arms that they had been using in their
waragainst the Republic. Aquarterof amillion
of rifles, muskets, pistols, to say nothing of
other arms, are now remaining in the hands of
those rebels, which this Government ought to
have taken from them if to do it it had had to
search every habitation in all the southern
States, but not one of which did it ever take
except such as were surrendered to it on the
field of battle. With these arms these bands
of assassins are supplied, and the negroes, who
have no such arms, no means of protection,
who are peaceful, law-abiding, and who desire
to keep the laws that have conferred blessings
upon them, are the victims of the parties who
thus go forth throughout portions of that whole
country, slaughtering and burning and destroy-
ing.
Mr. President, when the southern Senators
rise in their places hero and ask the Congress
of the United States to put forth the arm of
this Government to protect its loyal people in
the South, and when all« these things are told
you and the evidence laid before you, so that
if you feat upon a jury, and it were brought
before you, you would bo bound to believe it,
bow are we answered? We were answered in
a summary manner by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr, Edmunds] the other day. His
remarks I suppose sura up all the objections
that can be taken to the action of the Govern-
ment in some efficient manner on this subject.
The ways in which he meets this demand are
threefold, not one of which, I am sorry to say,
contained the first glimmering feeling of sym-
pathy for those distressed and overborne peo-
ple in the southern States; and I shall show
you presently that the statements of the Sen-
ator as to the means of dealing with these mat-
ters were accompanied with language of slur
toward them. His first position is that we have
"the whole military power of the United States
at hand in Georgia, with a patriotic and friendly
President." True, sir, we have. The State
is under military control partly or in whole,
and the whole power of the Government may
be used there. But, sir, when we come to
look into the laws of the United States we find
that they do not in any degree meet this ease.
The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
when I first introduced this amendment rose
in his seat aud said that the laws of the United
States as they stand on the statute-book at this
time were ample to meet the case; and so we
are to do nothing because the Senator from
Illinois thinks the present laws are ample, and
because the Senator from Vermont can point
to the presence of the military in the State of
.Georgia.
Now, sir, let us look into the laws of the
United States. Those gentlemen know as
well as I do that there is but one law of the
United States which has any relation to the
protection of any State against domestic vio-
lence, and that is a law passed seventy-five
years ago. I will read its provisions. It is
the act of February 28, 1795, which provides
as follows:
"And in case of an insurrection in any State against
tho government thereof, it shall bo lawful for the
President of the United States, on application of the
Legislature of such State, or of the Executive, (when
the Legislature cannot be convened,) to call forth
such number of the militia of any other State or
States as may be applied for as he may judge suffi-
cient to suppress such insurrection."
Not a word there about any other form of
domestic violence than insurrection. The Con-
gress of 1795 took it for granted that there never
would be any other form of domestic violence
but that of insurrection, revolt, open, avowed,
organized, ready for battle; but here we find
one secret, not ready for battle, but organized
and ready for the midnight tramp, and all over
those southern States the funeral march of
loyal men is heard in that tramp, tramp, tramp
of death at midnight, perpetrated by fiends
under the mask.
How is it that the voice of blood does not
reach the ears of every Senator and every Rep-
resentative of this nation and be heard? I
seem to hear everywhere, from the sky, from
the earth, all around me—I seem to hear every
day tho awful words, "The voice of thy bro-
ther's blood criethunto mefrom the ground
and, sir, I am not disposed, like Cain of old, to
answer back, "Am 1 my brother's keeper? "
Yes, sir; while I stand here I am my brother's
keeper; and, God helping me, so far as my voice
is concerned, he shall be kept in life and safety,
and the perpetrators of these outrages upon
him shall be brought to condign punishment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Missouri, not for the purpose of
interrupting his remarks, but as a mere matter
of information, whether, in his opinion, the
acts of 1867 providing for military government
under the authority of the President of the
United States in the State of Georgia, do not
confer ample authority on the President of the
United States to use the whole military power
of the Government to suppress precisely this
kind of outrage?
Mr. DRAKE. I do not think they do. Had
I thought so I should not have introduced this
amendment. The Senator from Vermont may
have legal astuteness enough to discover in
them what he supposes to be there.
Mr. SHERMAN. They expire with the
admission of the State.
Mr. DRAKE. I am reminded by the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the operation of those laws
expires by the admission of the State; but
v/liether they expire then or not, they do not
tpnph flip
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me, the reconstruction acts expressly say,
as Senators have cited the section to show,
that the military control shall continue until
the State is admitted by law to representation.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the point made by
the Senator is, that, after the State of Geor-
gia shall be admitted under this act, the recon-
struction acts will expire, and this continued
lawlessness will still prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he is complaining
of outrages already committed.
Mr. SHERMAN. He proposes to guard
against future outrages.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
I was asking my friend from Missouri as to the
present state of the law in Georgia as it is;
and, if my friend will permit me, I should
like to read the section to which I called his
attention if it will not interrupt him.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly, I will not object
to the Senator reading it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is the act of the 2d
of March, 1867, providing for a military gov-
ernment in the State of Georgia, among other
States, until loyal and republican.State gov-
ernments can be legally established. Section
three says:
" That it shall be the duty of each officer assigned
as aforesaid"—
That is, to the command of the district—
"to protect all persons in their rights of person
and property: to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence; and to punish, or cause to be punished, all
disturbers of the public peace and criminals."
Then it goes on to provide how he shall do it.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; and yet if the Sen-
ator will take the amendment I have offered
here and compare it with that he will discover
just the same difference between that provis-
ion and the one that I have offered here as
you will discover between diluted whisky and
alcohol.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not understand
that illustration.
Mr. DRAKE. But, Mr. President, the
existing law is, in effect, only a notice to the
people there when troops are sent there under
it, that they are coming. If you call these
Kuklux Klans insurrection, then the President
is by the law of 1795 required to make procla-
mation commanding the insurgents to disperse
and retire peaceably to their respective homes
within a limited time. You tell them through
your proclamation that you are coming, and
what do they do then ? Listen to what the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Hamilton] told you
the other day : they instantly disappear from
their midnight maraudings and appear in pub-
lic meetings, passing all sorts of resolutions,
pledging themselves to ferret out the perpetra-
tors of the outrages and bring them to justice.
That is the way the transformation takes place,
and that is the way it will take place under the
law of 1795. I propose that the first thing the
rascals shall know shall be the presence of a
military detachment there, under orders such
as will reach them even in their secret haunts.
I propose that whenever this state of things is
found to exist anywhere, and the Government
is called upon to suppressit, it shall suppress it.
Sir, there is not a man on this floor who
does not know that feeble legislation is the
refuge of crime. There is not a man here
who does not know that in proportion as you
grade the punishment to the offense and make
the punishment certain to fall, just in that pro-
portion do you suppress crime.
Now, sir, look atit; Kuklux ranging through
a county, bands of them visiting the houses
of men at midnight, wrapped from top to toe
in sheets, their horses wrapped, too, in sheets,
so that you cannot tell who the rider is or
what horse it is if you are brought on the wit-
ness stand, death and .dismay following their
track. Under the law of 1795 troops are sent
to suppress^ their outrages, and instantly the
sheet is laid away; the horses put in the
stable; every man of them is abroad, with his '
eyes wide open; " What does all this mean ?
Who has been doing all this rascality?" and
running to the officer with " Why, sir, we do
not know who these parties are; point them
out to us and we will take them up for you,
sir, and rid you ot all trouble about them
mighty quick." How can the officer point them
out? Suppose they are pointed out to him;
it lie has^ not the power to declare martial
law what is he, as the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Pool] said the other day, but the
posse ot the sheriff of the county? Every
Senator here from one of these States will tell
you, and every Senator and every man in the
nation ought to know that the measure pro-
