5576
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
and fitty-seven links; thence south four de-
grees and fifty minutes east, (true meridian,)
eighteen chains and twenty-ninelinks; thence
east, parallel with the township line, seven
chains and fifty-seven links to the river bank ;
thence northerly along the mfianderings of
the river to the place of beginning; also, a
portion of section thirty-two, in township four-
teen, north of range five east, lying immediately
north of and adjoining the above-described
land, described as follows: commencing at
the point where thesouth line of section thirty-
two intersects the east bank of the middle
ground, said point being located forty-one
chains and fourteen links east of the southwest
corner of section thirty-two; running thence
west on the township line seven chains .and
fifty-seven links ; thonco nortli two degrees
and fifty nine minutes west, (true meridian,)
three chains and fifty-three links; thence east,
parallel with the township line, seven chains
and fifty-seven links to the river bank; thenee
southerly with the meandering of the river to
the place of beginning, containing in the two
parcels of land thus described sixteen and
fifty-one hundredths acres, more or less; that
he has improved the lands by erecting, or
causing to be ei'ected, thereon a saw-mill and
other buildings of the value of §20,000; that
these lands are in the Saginaw river, Michigan,
and known as middle ground ; and that Mars-
ton and his grantors owned the land on the
shore or bank of the river opposite the above-
described lands, and supposing and believing
he was the legal owner of the lauds he pro-
ceeded to make, or cause to be made, the said
improvements. The resolution therefore pro-
poses to direct the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to issue to Stephen Marston,
of Hartford, Connecticut, a patent conveying
to him the above described lands upon the pay-
ment into the land office by him of the sum of
$100. But nothing herein is to be construed
to give him title to the lands, if any, west of a
line drawn northerly and southerly through the
island, being the middle of the river.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
idaho territorial legislation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to take up the bill
(PI. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of certain acts
of the Legislative Assembly of Idaho Territory,
and lor other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to disapprove
and annul so much of tne revenue laws passed
by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Idaho, January 13, 1809, as provides for a
special license, or tax, to be collected of or
paid by Chinamen, or persons of the Mon-
golian race, who may be engaged in mining,
or hold mining claims in the Territory, and
so much of all other laws of the Territory, as
discriminate between persons of that race and
other persons, in regard to taxation. It also
proposes to disapprove and annul the act passed
by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
on the 15th day of January, 1869, entitled "An
act creating the office of district attorney for
each county in this Territory, and defining
their duties and providing for their compensa-
tion, " and also all acts and parts of acts here-
tofore passed by the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory that provide for the payment of
salaries or extra compensation out of the ter-
ritorial treasury to officers holding commis-
sions by Federal appointment in the Terri-
tory, or which provide any compensation to
the members of the Legislative Assembly, or
the clerks, or attaches thereof, other than that
paid by the United States, and the Legisla-
tive Assembly is prohibited from making any
appropriation from the treasury of said terri-
tory to any such officers or persons, unuerany
pren-use of adding to or increasing theii com-
pensation as fixed by the United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am authorized to with-
draw the amendments heretofore reported by
the Committee on Territories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be considered as withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. -
MARY C. LANE.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
the resolution that was read some time ago
considered now.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Jtesolyed, That the claim of Miss Mary C. Lane,
of .Burlington, Vermont, for sundry btthis of cotton
taken from her for the uso of the medical depart-
ment of the Army of the United States, while she
was resident as a school teacher in the Statu of
1'londa, be referred to the Court of Claims, which is
hereby authorized to hear and determine the same.
Mr. Sl'EV/ART. That ought to be made a
joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Eitherbranch of Congress
can refer a case to the Court of Claims without
a. joint resolution, it the court lias jurisdiction
otherwise. If the court has jurisdiction of
such a claim under the law, it does not require
a joint resolution to refer it there.
Mr. STEWART, The court has not juris-
diction of this claim under the law. The statute
of limitations has run against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose not.
Mr. S IE WART. Has not the statute of
limitations run? I think it would be safer to
make it a joint resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
JERRY aORDO.\.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate
■ proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
329, granting a pension to a soldier who has
lost both feet in the service of his country.
The motion was agreed to; and the Semite,
as 111 Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (11. K. N . 329) granting a,
pension to Jerry Gordon.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment, to strike out in lines six, seven,
eight, and nine, the words-'eight dollars per
month fiom the 30th day of August, 1802, until
the 0th day of June, 18GG j" and to strike out
in line nine the woids '£ said Gth day of June,"
and insert "the date of this act;'1 bO as to
make the bill read :
Be it enacted, &c., Thai the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name .of
Jerry Gordon, and to pay lino a pension of twenty-
live dollars per month from the date of this act, for
and during the continuance ot his natural life; said
Gordon having lo&t both legs by reason ot wounds
received white in the service of the United States
as a teamster, at the second battle of Bull Run,
Virginia.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. G98.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S..
No. 698) to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts was considered as id
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill, with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
That the counties of Albemarle, Alleghany, Am-
herst, Appomattox, Augusta, Bath, Bedlord, Bland,
Botetourt, Buchanan, Buckingham, Campbell, Car-
roll, Charlotte, Clarke, Craig, Cumberland, Irioyd,
Franklin. Frederick, Fluvanna, Giles, Grayson,
Greene, Halifax, lienrv, Highland, Lee. Madison,
Montgomery, Nelson, Patrick, Pase, f^ilaski, Pitt-
svlvatua. Rappahannock, Roanoke, Rockbridge,
Rockingham, Russell, Scott, Hrnytri, Shenandoah,
Tazewell, Washington, "Wise, Wythe, and Warren,
of the State of Virginia, s>hall hereafter constitute a
newjudicial district of the United States, and be
called the western district of Virginia; and tliecir- f
cuife and district courts of the United States fot said
western, district of Virginia shall be held at Lynch-
burg* Danville, Abingdom and Harrisonburg, within
said district.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That a term of the
circuit and district court of the United States for said
western district shall beheld at Danville on thojfirsi;
Monday of March and September; at Lynchburg on
the second Monday of March and September; at
Abingdon on the third Monday of March and Sep-
tember; and at Harrisonburg on the Wednesday
after the fourth Monday of March and September in
each year.
Sec.3. Andbe it further enacted, That the district of
Viiginia shall heieafter consist of the counties of said
State not named in this act, and sh:ill be called the
eastern district of Virginia; and circuit and district
courts of the United States shall be held in said east-
tern district, as follows: at the city of Richmond on
tho first Monday of April and October, and at the
city of Alexandria on the first Monday of January
and on tho first Monday of J"uly, and at Norfolk on
the first Monday of May and first Monday of Novem-
ber in each year.
Seo.4. And be it further aictcted, That the said cir-
cuit or district court for either of said districts may,
in its discretion, order special terms, and order a
grand or petit jury, or both, to attend the same, by
an order to be entered of lecord tweuty days befoie
the day at which said special term shall be ordered
to convone; and said courts respectively at such spe-
cial terms shall have all the powers that they have
al a regular term appointed by law: Provided, how-
ever, That no special term of said circuit court for
either district shali be appointed except by audwith
the concurrence and conscnt of the circuit judge.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That all suits and
other proceedings, of whatsocvei name or nature,
now pending in the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Virginia, shall be
tried and disposed ot in the circuit and district courts,
respectively, for said eastern district as the same
would have been it this act had not been passed ; and
for that purpose jurisdiction is reserved to the said
courts in the said eastern district; and the clerks of
the circuit and district courts ot the present district
of Virginia shali retain the records and files of tho
said circuit and district courts, at tho city of Rich-
mond, and do and perform all tho duties appertain-
ing to their said offices, respectively, within the east-
ern district, except ashereinaltcr provided; and all
process returnable to or proceedings noticed for any
term of the present circuit or district court shall be
deemed to be returnable to the next teira of said
courts, respectively, in the said eastern district, as
fixed by this act.
Sisc. 0. And be it further enacted. That upon appli-
cation of any party to any suit or proceeding now
pending in the present circuit or district courts of
tho United States, for the present district of Virginia,
which should have been commenced in the proper
court for the western district if this act had been in
force at the tune of tho commencement thereof, tho
pioper court shall order that the same be removed
for further proceedings to the proper court for suid
wchtcrn district; and thereupon the clerk shall trans-
mit certified, copies of all thepapcrs and ot ail orders
made therein to the cleik oi the couit to which
such suit or proceeding<haii bo removed; ond ill fur-
ther proceedings shall be had in mid court, to which
the same shall be removed as if tho s-a d suit or pro-
ceeding had originally bo«n commenced therein,
Skc. 7. And be it Jurthcr enacted, That the passage
of tins act f-hall not have the effect to destroy or
impair the lieu of any judgment or dccice mndered
uy the circuit or district court of the United States'
for the present district ot Virginia prior to tins act
taking effect; and final process on any judgment or
decree entoied in the circuit or district court ot the
United States for the district of Vhgima. or which
shall be entered therein prior to this act. taking eitVet,
and all other process for the eniorcement oi any
order of said courts respectively, many cause or pi ex-
ceeding now pending therein, ex« . pt causes oi pro-
ceedings removed, as herein pj ovided, shall be issued
lroin and made rotui ti:> bie to tho proper eouit for
tho eastern district oi Virginia, and my v be directed
to, and executed by, the marshal ol the United States
for the said castei n district inanypait of the State
of Virginia.
Skc. 8. And be it fiu th^r enacted. That th^re shali be
appointed a district judge for said western district
of Virginia, who shall receive an annual salary of
S3,5U0: and there shall also be appointed a marshal
and distiict attorney ot the United States for said
western district of Virginia, who r-hall respectively
receive such fees and compensation and exm-cise
such powers and peiiorm such duties as are fixed
and enjoined by 1 iw.
Sec. 1). And be tt .further enacted, That the circuit
and district judges shnil appoint fourclcrks, each of
whom shall bo clerks both of the circuit and district
courts for said western district, one of whom shall
reside and keep his office at Lynchburg, nnothrr
shali reside and keep his office at Abingdon, another
shall reside and keep hib office at Danville, and tne
fourth shali reside and keep his ofhoo at Harrison-
burg, who shali icceive tho fees and compensation
for services performed by tucm respectively, now
fixed by law.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted. That either of tho
clerks of the circuit anddt.'mct eourtsior said west-
em district is hei eb.\ authorized, under tne dii eei ion
of tho. district judge oi s.ud w< stern district, to make
a transcript fiout any oi the lecnd-, jji's, or papers
of the disnioL and oik mt couit* of tUc United States
roni.unui^in the oJHeo of the clcrk*  in taid eastt-rn
district, of <ui matters and proceeding's winch relate
to or concern Hens upon or titles to iroal estate >\it~
