488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
might well raise the question of good faith
among those who, asking admission to the
Union, could even permit their friends to stand
m the way of such a provision.
But why should Virginia be relieved from
conditions imposed upon and gladly accepted
and even welcomed by others of her wayward
sisters? I see nothing so tremendous in her
respectability that we should carpet her path-
way back to the duties she fled from nine years
ago.
" J? the namo of all the gods at onco,
Upon what meat doth this our Casar fe
ifiat ho is grown so groat?"
I heard with astonishment, sir, the eloquent
gentleman from Nevada, from whose lips are
wont to flow words of silvery eloquence, fitly
emblemed by the shining ingots the State
he so nobly represents gives forth in richest
plenty, denouncing the conditions of this bill
as insulting and harassing to the people of
Virginia. Insulting and harassing! Sir, there
are but two conditions in the bill. One is a tran-
script of an article of the Constitution of our
country; the other is that they, the people of
Virginia, shall in good faith abide by a pro-
vision of their own constitution adopted by
themselves almost without dissent. Are these
constitutional provisions, then, State and na-
tional, but decoys to be used for gaining ad-
mission here and thenceforward to be dismissed
as ignoble companions, unfit for further ob-
servance, not to be reckoned among the polit-
ical garniture of the new Commonwealth ? I
sear, sir, the eloquent gentleman had not well
weighed the full import of these words when
he uttered them.
But I see, sir, that the time allotted me by
the courtesy of the gentleman from New York
has more than expired ; I have not found
opportunity to express all that I desired to
offer on the subject. I am by no means cer-
tain tnat the work of admission, which in some
form or other will be accomplished by the
House before the setting of this day's sun, will
be well done. I see much in the character of
those whose hands must guide the State we are
aboat to launch to excite distrust, to presage
future evil for Virginia and the Union. I trust,
sir, that my forebodings may prove ground-
less, and that the sea of lire through which
she waded lor a nation's overthrow may have
purged her of that dross which had gathered on
her garments, when, forgetting as well her
noble history as the God of her fathers, she
sought the obliteration of the handiwork of the
framers of the Constitution.
Mr WARD I now yield to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Stoxe.]
, Mr. STONE. At this late hour, while I am
thankful to the gentleman from New York
LMr. Ward] for his courtesy, I will not take
up the time of the JEEouse, butwill ask leave to
print my remarks in the Globe upon this sub-
ject.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordmgly granted. [See Appendix.]
c. r-2* ^ now y'ie^ the gentleman
M. forfive minutes.
Mi. STBViiNSON. Mr. Speaker, in the
time allowed me for the crumbs of the feast I
cannot hope to discuss this question in anv
manner so as to convince any other person,
but merely to give my own reasons for casting
the vote which I propose to give upon this
occasion. 1
I1 irst, I have no doubt of the right and the
power of the Congress of the United States to
pass any measure m regard to the admission
ot Viiguna that we may deem proper to secure j
equal rights and republican government to all
the people of that Slate. W0 have a threefold
right to do so; first, as the conqueror our right
is absolute; second, we have the right under
the old Constitution, and it is our duty to guar-
anty a republican form of government; third,
n rf ™®.^ou.r^ee.nt'i article of amendment to
the Constitution it is our duty to secure equal
rights to all, and in view of the probable adop-
tion of the fifteenth article of amendment, it is
our duty to carry out that provision strictly.
Now, if we have the right, what is required
by the circumstances of the case? Gentlemen
plead here as if there were no question but that
Virginia had done all in good faithwhich she
had been called upon to do. Sir, I deny the
proposition. I do not believe there is any good
fa.ith. in. the controlling element in the State of
Virginia. I would not trust that element with
the sovereignty of that State, and thereby-with
a part of the sovereignty of this Union.. I
would not if I could help it trust the State to
its present Legislature under any condition.
But I see in this House evidences of that melt-
ing mood which has so often given away part
of the rights of the people of the States of the
South; I see the ebb of the tide running out
toward "old Virginia." I consider it a sick-
ening and false sentiment. But the evidences
are that unless we adopt the bill reported by
the Committee on Reconstruction that false
sentiment will prevail. Therefore, as a prac-
tical man, I propose to take the best we can
get under the circumstances, and to vote for
that bill. It may not be perfect, and it may
not be very effective, but it will at least say to
the people of that State that they must observe
some limits and some rule in their conduct
hereafter, or else they will be dealt with as the
case may require.
Mr. WARD. I now yield to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Sir. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker,
i deem it due to myself, coming as I do from a
reconstructed State, a State thoroughly, safely,
and entirely reconstructed, to submit the con-
siderations which induce me to support the bill
reported by the Reconstruction Committee and
introduced by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
r ARNswoiiTii. ] I think this explanation neces-
sary because, from the wide range which this
discussion has taken and the extraordinary con-
elusions to which gentlemen have arrived with
regard to the purposes of those who favor this
bill, I tear a simply acquiescing vote upon my
part might be misconstrued into a disposition
to impose upon my neighbors of Virginia undue
exactions, and to require of them conditions
from which my own State was exempt. I say
this because gentlemen who oppose this bill and
r\r°r m e substlt,ut.e oft.l>.e gentleman from Ohio,
(Mr. -BiNGHAii,] in their industrious efforts to
discover the animus of those who support the
committee's bill, have intimated that our in-
tention is to retard the progress of reconstruc-
tion, and, ignoring the pledges heretofore made
by Congress, demand harsh conditions from
the estate of Virginia beyond precedent in the
history of reconstruction.
Such, sir, is not my understanding of the
bill, nor is such my motive; on the contrary,
after a close comparison of the bill and the
substitute, I have deliberately concluded that
while there is no essential point of difference
between them, at least none of so grave a char-
acter as to justify the severe animadversion
which the bill has received, this bill comes
ixiore nearly to the standard which has governed
Congress in the reconstruction of the other
southern States; and the harsh and severe
features which have been so eloquently de-
claimed against, especially by the gentleman
from Nevada who has just preceded me, [Mr.
£ itch, ] exist more in the imaginations of gen •
tlemen than m the bill itself.
I shall endeavor to show that we follow the
text of the reconstruction acts, and demand in
effect nothing of Virginia which North Caro-
lina has not already performed, and that the
opponents of the bill making a distinction
where in fact no difference exists, have claimed
to discover exactions required here of Virginia
which a careful reading will not substantiate
Virginia asks admittance, and her people
desire the protection which a restoration to the
Union will bring ; and we who are enjoving
the privileges and benefits which reconstruct
n *>as restored to us, sympathize with them
and desire a speedy return of the Old Dominion
to the union of States. And, sir, I emphatic-
ally assert that no gentleman upon this floor,
on either side of the House, more earnestly
desires this consummation than myself; but
the only point of difference is the manner in
which she shall come back. Individually, *1
have been long desirous to see all the'States
restored to their practical relations with the
Federal Government. We want the constella-
tion complete, with no blank space indicating
the position a State should occupy. And I
indorse so much of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Nevada [Mr. Pitch] as applies to
this desideratum. But a pertinent question pre-
sents itself: Has Virginia the right to demand
exemption from exactions required of the other
southern States ? Have the people of Virginia
shown by their conduct since the termination
of the war that they are entitled to-considera-
tion at the hands of Congress which the people
of North Carolina did not enjoy? Shall we
determine the claims of that State upon con-
gressional clemency by a recollection of the
patriotic past which throws so bright a luster
over ourcountry's history, to which the gentle-
man from California who addressed the House
last night [Mr. Axtell] and the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] have so feelingly
alluded, or by the present condition of affairs
in that State?
The proud record, Mr. Speaker, which the
State of Virginia has made in the early days
of the Union, and of which we have been so
often reminded during the course of this de-
bate, is matter of history, "familiar as house-
hold words;" and when I call to mind the
men whose eloquent voices sounded the "bat-
tle-cry of freedom," and whose strong arras
were raised in its defense; when I reflect that
Virginia lurnished the statesmen who gave us
the Constitution, and who threw such a halo
of glory about,the infaut Republic, nay heart
swells with gratitude to the " mother of States
and of statesmen." I would not detract one
mite from the measure of eulogy which belongs
to her dead heroes. The whole nation grate-
fully pays its tribute of affection and vener-
ation to the memory of Washington and Mad-
'son and Jefferson and Monroe. But why
should gentlemen attempt to strengthen argu-
ment by these trite allusions? Certainly not
to arouse sympathy for Virginia, for that we
all have. Certainly not to convince us'that
Virginia should be speedily taken in, for we
all desire that. As ornaments to speech they
sound well, but as reasons to defeat the bill
and pass the substitute they are lifeless and
worthless.
But, sir, in addition to this past glorious
record, Virginia has another historv in com-
mon With my own State and South "Carolina,
and by this history we are to be governed in our
action at this time. The sons of Virginia,
forgetting or ignoring the patriotic lessons of
their fathers, sought to sever the Union, en-
deavored to raze to the ground the structure
which their fathers had erected. Virginia be-
came a pa,rt of the confederacy, attempted to dis-
rupt the federal Union, and was the head and
trontof the rebellion. Her record during those
dark days is parallel with that of North Caro-
lina. korth Carolina sinned and has atoned
for her folly. IN orth Carolina forfeited certain
rights, and has regained them by complying
with certain ' fundamental conditions.'' Vir-
ginia has forfeited certain rights, and can only
in justice and fairness regain them by com-
plying^ with the same "fundamental condi-
tions. ' Is this harsh or severe V Is it unjust
or cruel to ask the same of Virginia that was
her*! w u°rth Caroliaa? Shall Virginia,
because Washington was the " Father of his
country,' bccause Madison was the great
cnampion of the Constitution, and Jefferson
s great exponent, at this late day receive
irom our hands a consideration which North
Carolina, so slow to sesede and so quick to
leturn, was refused ? Would it be fair dealing
