1870.
TH8 CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can postpone the pending resolution to any
given time.
Mr. LAFLIN. Personally, I have no objec- !
tion to postponing the resolution till the close
of the morning hour, if the House desires it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move, then, that the consideration of the pend-
ing joint resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing be postponed till the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINOTON AND NKW YORK RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced. The Honse resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 19) to author-
ize the building of a military and postal rail-
way from Washington, District of Columbia,
to the city of New York. This bill was re-
ported on last Thursday from the Committee
on Railways and Canals.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
Lope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soi.l] who has charge of this bill will call the
previous question on it. If he does not, it may
run in the morning hour for some days.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, some gen-
tlemen living in the States through which this
proposed line will pass indicated the other day
a desire to discuss this bill, and I stated at the
time that I was willing to allow the fullest
debate to which the House would consent. I
reiterate that statement to-day. I shall leave
it to the House to determine how long this
debate shall run. I am willing to submit the
question to the House.
TbeSPEAKER. The House can onlydeterm-
ine that through the action of the gentleman
who has charge of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On the demand for the
previous question, I suppose?
Mr. KERR. Can it not be determined by
a motion to fix some future day for the consid-
eration of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put any
motion which the gentleman having charge of
the bill may choose to make.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
submit or allow some one else to submit a
motion to make the bill a special order for
some future day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that he may
make that motion. *
Mr. PAINE. Before that is done I wish,
with the consent of the gentleman having charge
of the bill, to move the following amendment:
In section fifteen strike out the following words:
Without the assent of Congress to the Baltimore
andOhio Railroad Company or to any other railroad
company or party interested in the existing lines of
railroad between Washington and New York.
So that the section will read as follows:
Sic. 15. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for the said New York and Washington
Railway Company to sell or transfer, either directly
orindireetly.anyof the franchises created by this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will admit that amend-
ment to be voted on.
Mr. HAIGHT. There are two or three
names of gentlemen from New Jersey who,
with one exception, are strangers to me; and
as this road runs through my State, and as I
presume it is the object to make it successful,
I move this amendment:
In section one, line twelve, before the words " Of
New Jeriey." insert the following names as incor-
porators : Charles P. Stratton, Peter Ellis, N.S.Rue,
Michael Taylor. H. H. Longstreet, and John S.Reed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield to that.
Mr. KERR. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed till
Thursday, the 31st of March, after the morn-
ing hour, and be made the special order until
disposed of.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 53 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kerr and Mr.
Lotjghkidge.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—aye3 51, noes 63.
So the motion to postpone was disagreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to modify my amend-
ment so as to add the following proviso to sec-
tion three:
Provided, That unless directors shall be elected
as herein provided within ninety days after the pas-
sage of this act this act shall become null and void.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I shall now yield to the
gentleman from Michigan to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. There are as many amend-
ments pending as can be received under the
rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The following amendments of the committee
were agreed to:
Section one, line eight, strike out " David Dows"
and insert "John .1. Hardenburg."
Section one. line eighteen, strike out "John J.
Mitchell, of Missouri," and insert "N. B. Curtis, of
Illinois."
Section two, lines two and three, strike ont" in the
name and on behalf of the United States."
The question next recurred on Mr. Paine's
amendment, as follows:
Strike out from section fifteen these words:
Without the assent of Congress to the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company, or to any other rail-
road company or party interested in the existing
lines of railroad between Washington and New
York.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for the said New York and Washington
Railway Company to sell or transfer, either directly
or indirectly, any of the franchises created by this
act.
And at the end of section three insert the
following:
Provided, That unless the directors shall be elected
as herein provided within ninety days after the pas-
sage of this act this act shall become null and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. I move to strike oat the
nameof "HalmerH. Emmons, of Michigan,"
and in lieu thereof to insert the name of "Ed-
gar White."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to add the
following:
Provided, That Congress shall have the right at
any time to change, alter, or amend this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield to that
amendment. This road would never be bnilt
with such a limitation. A Congress inimical
to this project, having the ideas of State rights
referred to by the gentlemen on the other side,
might repeal the whole act. With such a restric-
tion this charter wonld be absolutely worthless.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Let us have a vote
on it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask the gentleman to let
me insert these names: "Jacob Tome, Hugh
S. Bond, Henry Tyson, and H. D. Farnaudis,
of Maryland."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think these
names should be inserted, but I promised to
let a vote be taken on the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know from my
colleague what is the objection to giving Con-
gress authority ,to alter or amend the bill;
because if it is to grant in perpetuity rights
which cannot be changed or altered by Con-
gress I cannot individually support it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. At the proper time I
shall give my reason for objecting to that. Or,
if. the House desire, I am ready to state it now.
Perhaps I had better do so now.
We propose in this bill to organize a com-
pany which shall construct a railroad from
here to New York city. We propose that the
time required for the passage of a train from
Washington to New York shall not exceed
seven hours. We provide that the company
shall not charge above six dollars for each
passenger. We provide for the comfort of the
traveler, and for security and speed. We have
restricted the powers of this corporation within
the closest possible limits consistent with the
construction of the road and the management
of the enterprise. Now, then, it is known to
my colleague that many gentlemen upon this
floor deny the power of Congress to create a
corporation to construct a railroad through
one State or a dozen States.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield to the
gentleman until I have answered my colleague.
Consequently if you put this provision in the
bill, and if it is a possible thing to conceive
that there shall ever be a Democratic majority
in this House, and if it is the Democratic doc-
trine that Congress exceeds its constitutional
power in creating this corporation, the moment
you get a majority in this House who are op-
posed to the objects of this act, that moment
it will be repealed, or will be hampered with
such enactments, such modifications, as will
render it perfectly worthless. Therefore if the
amendment in question should prevail or the
suggestion be adopted, then the suggestion or
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swann] should also be adopted,
that the consent of the States through which
the road is to pass should be first secured.
Mr. LOGAN. The point is this: this bill
took the power away from a State; therefore a
State can neither alter nor amend the act, nor
can Congress either alter or amend it. There
is no power, therefore, beneath the heavens
which can alter or amend it. It becomes like
the laws of the Medes and Persians, unchange-
able. That is a sort of power I do not believe
in creating.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. It is so with respect to
any vested right as regards all the railroad cor-
porations of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. No,sir; Congress has reserved
the right to alter or amend railroad charters at
pleasure.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is the case with
regard to many corporations. But the State
of Illinois has uo such reservation over a single
chartered railroad. It would put railroad inter-
ests so completely at the mercy of vacillating
and changing legislation that railroad char-
ters would be rendered worthless. And in
this case you woald defeat the objects of the
bill if you adopt any such principle.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman now jield
to'me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield tatbe gentlemen.
Mr. WOOD. I merely wish to say to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inger sou,] that
if Congress passes his bill I will guaranty to
obtain for the corporators named ia the act
$20,000,000 for the privileges which the act
confers upon them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I snppose they would
be glad to sell out for $5,000,000.
Mr. WOOD. There is a big swindle in this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman's opin-
ion upon that point has nothing to do with this
question, I remember that once a member
from Massachusetts defeated & very proper
proposition, to which I believe the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] was himself com-
mitted, by stating that he would give half a
million dollars for the privileges conferred
by the bill, when he knew that they were not
worth five dollars. The gentleman from New
York says this charter is worth $20,000,000.
I can guaranty that I could get it for him for
$1,000,000.
Mr. WOOD. I will guaranty to raise ia
New York $10,000,000 for the privileges con-
tained in this bill.
