1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
Eosed in this amendment is the least that could
e of any avail there. '' Ah!'' but says the Sen-
ator from Vermont, with that peculiar cold delib-
eration which would seem to bear down every
generous appeal to any magnanimous heart,
''you have a patriotic and energetic Governor
in Georgia." And, by the way, I take leave
here to notice the sneering manner in which
that Senator advised the Governor of Georgia
that he could probably do more good for Geor-
gia by staying at home and attending to his
duties there than by coming here to get laws
passed. Sir, I beg to say that in my opinion
the Governor of Georgia, if he were to study
it out day after day and year after year, could
not find any better way of occupying his time
for the benefit of his State than to be here to
get such laws passed as will protect the people
of that State from such wrongs as have been
depicted here. He is engaged here in a better
work than if he were in Georgia, where, as I
will show, he has not the power to protect his
people efficiently. But, says the Senator from
Vermont—
"With a stato of law in Georgia standing on the
statute-book that punishes crime, with a constitu-
tion that authorizes theExecutivo to exercise almost
dictatorial powers in case of necessity, with the judi-
ciary of Georgia in tho hands of the Executivo of his
own appointment, with all tho arms.of justice and of
executivo power ready to bo applied to one of these
cases, with what I must supposo to be a chivalrous
and brave jjeoplewho understand tho constitutional
right of self-defense, itis a matter of a little surprise
to me that the panacea, the cure, the romedy for all
those outrages resolves itself in the mind of my friend
from Indiana, and I do not know but of my friend
irom Oregon, into the simple proposition that theso
two hundred and thirty men, or whatever the num-
ber may be, who now compose tho Legislature of
Georgia, shall hold office for four years from tho
time they were elected instead of two."
Mr. President, I have nothing to say this
afternoon on the Bingham amendment. I have
spoken upon that in a few words heretofore ;
but that cold statement by the Senator from
Vermont, chilling through and through a loyal
heart, is just as severe a blow at this amend-
ment of mine as at the Bingham amendment,
and I propose to examine it for a moment.
What is the power ofthe government of Geor-
gia? In the condition of thingstliey haveinthat
State I call upon every Senator to admit, as he
must admit, that there is no power to reach the
case but military power. What have you done
with Georgia? Youhave tiedherhandandfoot,
so that she cannot put guns into the hands of a
single militia company from one end of the
State to another; you tied her, and then you
turn and taunt her : " Why don't you organ-
ize your militia; why don't you defend your-
selves ; what are you calling upon tho General
Government to defend you for?" Sir, let the
statute-books of the United States answer. In
the Army appropriation bill of March 2, 1867,
it is provided as follows :
" That all militia forces now organized or in ser-
vice in either of the States of Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia. Florida, Alabama.
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, bo forthwith dis-
banded, and that the further organization^arming,
or calling into service of the said militia forces, or
any part thereof, is hereby prohibited under any cir-
cumstances whatever, until tho sameshall be author-
ized by Congress."
For more than three years that State has
been bound hand and foot as to any military
power by the Congress of the United States.
On the 30th of March, J 867, a resolution was
passed authorizing arms to be given to Ten-
nessee ; and on the 14th of January, 1809, an
act was passed repealing the prohibition which
I have just read, so far as it applied to North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
and Louisiana; and on some other occasion an
act was passed giving arms to Arkansas; but
Georgia stands excluded to this day; and this
bill contains now an amendment adopted by
the Senate releasing it from the effect of that
prohibition ; and yet the Senator from Ver-
mont inquires, "why don't you organize your-
selves, and exert your power to suppress these
outrages !"
Sir, as I said before, he tauuts the people of
Georgia with pusillanimity in not defending
themselves; and this brings me to his third
point, where he says that if these things occurred
in the North the people there would retaliate.
I suppose they would, because there they are
all on an equality as to power, as to money, as
to station in society, as to the means of self-
defense ; but in these southern States our col-
ored citizens are not on an equality with the
others in these particulars. They have by the
Constitution equality of rights before the law;
but the law does not protect them; the civil
law ofthose Statescannotprotectthem. Some-
thing more must bo got, and it can be got no-
where but from the Government ofthe United
States.
But, sir, in reply to the last position of the
Senator from Vermont I beg leave to quote
here a remark made in conversation with me
the other day by the Senator from Mississippi
last sworn in, [Mr. Ames.] I said to him,
"Sir, why can you not on the floor of the
Senate tell the Senate and the country the
same thing?" but of course I understand that
this young Senator has been a soldier all his
life and not accustomcd to these delibera-
tive bodies, and he may feel diffident about
speaking it; but he compressed the whole
truth into a single brief sentence when ho said
that for the people of the South who were sub-
jected to these persecutions to undertake to
retaliate was only to organize the whole rebel
army throughout the South against the loyal-
ists of that region; and so it would be, sir.
It would only be to call them from their retire-
ment into action again, and to organize them
with the very arms they used to destroy this
Government and shoot down the Union sol-
diers—to organize them with these arms to
shoot down and destroy the loyal men around
them in the South.
Sir, retaliation is not the thing. These
offenders do not feat retaliation; they know
the superiority of their physical power. What
is needed is a superior power which they shall
feel, and until you make them feel it you may
parade an army of fifty thousand men all over
the South to go on their daily duties and no-
body will heed their presence.
Mr. President, having thus shown the con-
dition of things in the South and what is needed
there, the question comes up whether the prop-
osition that I have presented here is one which
the circumstances justify. I call tho attention
of the Senate to the constitutional provision on
this subject. Let it be read, and let it be put
into print again and again:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
There, sir, is the duty—not a discretionary
duty, buta plain, imperative duty; "shallpro-
tect each State against domestic violence." Sir,
it extends to everything in the shape of do-
mestic violence, from the invasion of a State
by an army of ten thousand men down to tho
' organization of a Kuklux Klan of ten men.
And, sir, this duty is unaccompanied by any
definition in the Constitution of the means that
the United States shall employ to accomplish
this object. I rejoice that there is in the Con-
stitution one provision that invests absolute
power in the United States without any limit-
ation upon the means which are to be used for
its execution.
Now, sir, what are the means provided in
this amendment for meeting and discharging
that plain duty imposed upon us in that sec-
tion of the Constitution? First, the declara-
tion of martial law. That is the only law which
the brigand, the outlaw, the American Thug
will respect. He laughs at jails. The guard-
house, watched over by a squad of men with
loaded muskets and bayonets upon them, is
the only kind of jail that he will respect or
care for. What is the civil law to him when
he knows that the sheriff who is to summon
the jury is bound to him by oaths as strong as
men could ever take in such infernal work?
He knows that the jurors who go there will
acquit him in spite of all the evidence. Martial
law is the only thing that can reach such des-
peradoes ; and as martial law is sometimes
declared without a suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus it is declared here that it shall
be with the suspension of that writ if the Pres-
ident so authorizes ; and the express authority
is given to take all measures known to martial
law for the suppression of the organizations
and combinations perpetrating such crimes,
and not only for their suppression, but for the
punishment of the parties engaged therein;
and that that punishment may be complete
and effectual the amendment declares that they
shall hold and maintain military jurisdiction
over all persons arrested by the order of the
officer until their cases shall be finally dis-
posed of.
Now, as to the administration of the law
there is one additional particular with regard
to which I ask the attention of Senators-; for
this is the great point in this amendment. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] de-
nounced it as monstrous. The junior Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Howell] denounced it, if not
in those terms, at least in terms equally strong.
Sir, I wish to show that the enactment of this
law would be the greatest mercy that could be
bestowed upon the South. I have told you
before, and other Senators have told you—
believe it or not as you please—that the whole
southern country is pervaded by these Kuklux
gangs. Now, I ask any Senator on this floor—
recurring to the view of the matter which I ex-
pressed just now—if that could be possible
unless the great majority of the people there
were in direct sympathy with these operations ?
I say again that when you find a county in any
State in which these operations are carried on
persistently you may know of a certainty that
the mass of the people in that county are in
full sympathy with the parties engaged in such
transactions.
The Senator from Vermont says you cannot
carry on such operations in a northern State.
Why? For the simple reason that the great
mass of the community are opposed to them.
You can carry them on in the southern States
for the simple reason that where they are car-
ried on there the great mass ofthe people are
in favor of them, and so it is that you cannot
reach them by any ordinary means at all. You
must devise something that is extraordinary.
1 admit again that this is extraordinary. But
is it not better to use extraordinary means to
meet extraordinary circumstances? Why should
wc persist in resolving ourselves into a national
circumlocution office just to try year afteryear
how not to do it?
Sir, I have a profound veneration for the
injunction of Holy Writ, "Whatsoever thy
hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." If
a man attempts to murder you, do you take a
switch to him?   If you discover a burglar
coming into your house at night to rob you,
and you have a pistol in your hand, do you
t.hrow a pillow at him instead of a bullet? Sir,
I believe in meeting extraordinary circum-
stances with extraordinary remedies. I believe
in fighting the devil with fire. I believe in
fighting these American Thugs with bullets
and with the halter, and doing it under martial
law. But, sir, you need never hang one of
them; you need never shoot one of them. I
propose to you a remedy that, once adopted,
will hardly need enforcement; a law that by
its mere existence will, so to speak, execute
itself. Refuse to enact it if you choose; the
responsibility is yours, not mine; but remem-
ber if you do refuse it, now that it is presented
to you, this effect will follow: that it will be
held a renewed license to the Kuklux Klan
throughout the whole country, and they will
set out anew upon their tramp of death.
But, sir, coming to the point of this amend
ment, here it is in these words :
And shall proceed to levy upon and eollect from
