5578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Jersey; Pittsburg, Pennsylvania: Jersey City, New
Jersey; Gardiner, Maine; the Ladies' Monument
Association, Peoria, Illinois; the National Soldiers'
Cemetery, Grafton, West Virginia; Trenton, New
Jersey, and the Franklin County Monumental As-
sociation, of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, to bo
used in the erection of soldiers' monuments, or in
the ornamentation of the same: Provided, That no
expense be incurred by the Government for the
transportation of the same.
I have been trying all the evening to get up
a bill to provide for all those places ; and now
I propose to add them to this joint resolution,
and let them go to the House.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope that will not
be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will first be taken on the amendment first
proposed, to strike out "eight" and insert the
words "four iron."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should be very
glad if Connecticut could be allowed this on
its own account.
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts will not prevail.
This is for a Ladies' Monument Association,
and they are entitled to as many field-guns as
we are. [Laughter.] I hope he will be mag-
nanimous to them. 1 am sorry to see my friend
from Kansas propose an amendment, as he is
such a ladies' man. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw that amend-
ment and let the other be made, because there
are several persons deeply interested in having
it go through. The donations to these other
places are all confined to four iron cannon,
and it is provided that no expense shall be
incurred by the United States in removing
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Which
amendment does the Senator withdraw?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the first amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist that there should
be uniformity in this matter. There is no use
in giving eight pieces to one place, four to
another, and ten to another. As we have agreed
to give four pieces generally, they ought all to
be made to conform to that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would have them
as uniform as the appropriations of western
lands for railroad companies are. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. They are all uniform, pre-
cisely after one model.
Mr. WILSON. Although alargenumber of
guns have been appropriated for this purpose,
we have an abundance of them ; and 1 am free
to say I would make guns for this purpose.
I would give these soldiers' monuments every-
where iron guns or any other kind of guns. I
hope that the last amendment I offered will be
adopted, because it applies to seven or eight of
these associations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, adding a number of other places.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 beg pardon; I
understand it is on adding the word "iron."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; theques-
tion is on adding a number of other places.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am afraid that that
will defeat the resolution. ["Oh, no!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if that appropriates eight cannon for each one
of those places.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As it now
reads it does.
Mr. WILSON. It is eight for the place
mentioned in the resolution of the House, and
four for each of the others; and the amend-
ment provides that there shall be no expense
to the Government in removing them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not heard it read
yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is,
directed to dcliverfour condemned pieces of ordnance
t.o each of the following places, namely, Qumcy,
Illinois 
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will do.
Mr. WILSON. They are iron ordnance, and
then the amendment provides that it shall be
no expense to the Governmentto remove them.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in as an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Massachusetts to
withdraw his amendment to strike out the word
"eight" and insert the words "four iron."
Mr. WILSON. I withdrew the amendment
as to the number of cannon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But as to
the word "iron?"
Mr. WILSON. I desire that word to be
lUS6rt6^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on inserting the word "iron."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further resolved, That the Secretary of
"War be, and he is hereby, authorized to place at the
disposal of the Lincoln Monument Association, in-
corporated by act of Congress, so much damaged and
captured bronze and brass ordnance as may be neces-
sary, out of which to east the principal figures of said
monument, from time to time, as the models are com-
pleted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to add four
pieces of cannon to the town of Eastford, Con-
necticut, where General Nathaniel Lyon lies
buried.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest another amend-
ment ; that the Secretary of War be authorized
to deliver cannon to any persons who want
them. [Laughter.] 1 think these bills aie
becoming rather farcical.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FOWLER. This is a kind of monument
that I take no pride in whatever. I would
rather see some other evidence of good taste
than monuments of this kind put in a grave-
yard. I would rather erect monuments to
other divinities than to such a divinity as this;
but if it is to be done, I would rather have a
general bill, and let us deliver cannon to all
who want them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Tennessee offer an amendment?
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer as a further amend-
ment, that the Secretary of War be directed to
condemn sufficient cannon, if there should not
be enough on hand, for this purpose. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. In addition to those taken
at Bull Run. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. Thatllost,. [Laughter.]
The PRESID IN G OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir; I consider it
necessary. I offer the amendment in good
faith.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be clone.
We have plenty of these cannon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to still further amend the joint resolution by
adding a proviso, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That if there be not a sufficient number
of condemned cannon to meet the requirements ot
this resolution, the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized to condemn a sumciont number
for that purpose.'
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read: " A joint
resolution granting condemned cannon for the
erection of soldiers' monuments."
MESSAGE FROM tub XiODSS.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 884) relative to the pay
of the Capitol police and watchmen^ m which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
HEIRS of jetiiko wood.
Mr. NY'E. There Is a bill pending, and I
call for its consideration. We have talked,
enough about guns, and I want to talk about
iron in other shapes.
Mr.POMEROy.-151 have a bill to relinquish
the title of the United States to a piece ofground
used as a cemetery in Dubuque, Iowa 
Mr. PRATT. I decline to yield further. _
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
allow this to pass.
Mr. PRATT. I decline to yield further. I
have yielded for the last half hour. I should
be very glad to oblige the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I should think my friend
would yield to a cemetery. [Laughter.]
" Mr. PRATT. I have yielded to cemeteries
for the last half hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Senator
from Indiana declines to yield, and the Senate
lias under consideration the bill which was
taken up by a vote of the Senate on yeas and
nays.
Mr. NYE. I hope my friend from Kansas
will not hurry my friend from Indiana to a
cemetery. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 28G1) for the relief of the heirs of
Jethro Wood, the inventor of the modern
plow, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole and open to amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to hear the report
on that bill read. I should like to know on
what grounds it is reported.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no. Let us pass this bill.
This motion is a mere trick to get rid of the
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan yield to permit me to make a report from
the Committee on Claims?
Mr. CHANDLER. If you will renew the
motion for an executive session, I will yield.
Mr. SCOTT. I will; I desire to get a report
out of my hands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill
No. 2301 is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. NYE. What is the use of going into
executive session now?
RICHARD 31. HODGSON.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Michigan
having yielded to me, I report back from the
Committee on Claims the bill (H. R. No. 1277)
for the relief of Richard M. Hodgson, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. It only involves ยง100, due to a sailor
who lost his clothing by the destruction of a
United States transport, and which ought to
be paid for without an act of Congress; but
payment is prevented by a technical objection,
ft is only a bill of five lines, and I hope it may
be passed, and then I will renew the motion.
Mr. PRATT. 1 should be very glad to
yield to my friend from Pennsylvania; but i
cannot in justice to others, who insist that I
shall not yield further.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Indiana
will remember that I am under pledge to renew
the motion for an executive session.
Mr. NYE. We will vote you down when
you do.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; I make the mo-
tion.
