490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the avocations of peace and industry, than any
other, I should go to my own loved home, the
home of my birth, and select the good people
of the old North State. In the formation of
the State constitution -the -magnanimity, or
rather the sense of justice of the Republican
party, bestowed upon every man in the State
the right to vote, no matter what his political
offense. The experiment has worked well. It
has made friends for the Republican party and
for the Union. And now, after more than
a year's observation, we believe that the time
has arrived when forfeited political rights can
safely be restored to all the citizens of North
Carolina. So thinks our Legislature, and so
we think. I am not afraid to trust the people
of North Carolina. I know them; and, sir,
when I am assured that the people of Virginia
are ready for such an act, if it be to-morrow,
I would extend the same relief to them. Until
then, I would say to her, follow the example
of North Carolina.
_ Mr. Speaker, I sincerely desire to see Vir-
ginia occupy her proper place in the galaxy of
States. I want to see the whole Union com-
pact and complete. I know the benefits of
reconstruction. I feel the importance of har-
mony and good feeling in the sisterhood of
States. And I hope the day may not be far off
when the good old Commonwealth of Virginia,
so glorious in the past, may take her former
position, and even more, that she may have in
the future a glory which shall eclipse her own
brilliant history. _ But I would not compromise
Congress by asking for Virginia favors which
my own State did not receive. And I do not
believe the people of Virginia desire us to
do so.
Mr. WARD. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I shall oppose this bill, and
every scheme for the readmission of the people
of Virginia to share political power in this
country, until I can have evidence of a total
change in their present disposition and pur-
pose. I have no doubt of the constitutional
right of Congress to impose and to enforce
upon that rebel community any condition that
it shall see fit prior to their readmission. I
have no idea that Congress is fettered by any
pledge contained in the legislation of the last
session ; for we expressly reserved, by the sev-
enth section of the act of last April, the right
of approving or disapproving the action of the
State in regard to its constitution, and if we
had not, no such pledge could in the nature
of things result from any legislative action.
Congress is not a treaty-making power dealing
with a hostile people, but a Legislature enacting
laws for the protection and interest of those
subject to its control, which can never bind
itself to act otherwise than upon its present
judgment and information.
_ But, sir, I cannot give my consent to this
bill or affirm by my vote the falsehoods of its
preamble. I believe that the men who consti-
tute to-day the majority, if not in number at
least in effective political strength, of the people
of Virginia have abated nothing in their hos-
tility to this Government, to the principles of
civil liberty it was founded to secure, or to
those persons within their own borders who
have been faithful to either. I am not willing
to admit the Representatives of that unrepent-
ant rebel majority to vote on this floor upon
questions vitally affecting the constitutional
liberties or the constitutional interests of the
people I represent. I am not willing that the
voice of the Senators of Massachusetts or of
any other loyal State shall be annulled by the
votes of such men as I believe the State of
Virginia will be disposed to place in the Senate.
I consider these paper guarantees which the
committee in its wisdom has devised a snare
and a delusion. The rebels of the South under-
stand perfectly well how to preserve the forms
of constitutional liberty while its substance is
destroyed. How was it in the case of Q-eorgia?
That people adopted a constitution which as
a paper document is unsurpassed in the civil
ized world for the wisdom and liberality of its
provisions for the security of individual rights
and equality before the law. But those, pro-
visions have never been put in force. They
established in that constitution trial by jury.
But trial by jury, elsewhere the bulwark of
liberty, is made in that community the potent
instrument of tyranny. What loyal man, blaek
or white, can get redress from a Georgia jury
for any legal right trampled on or any property
wrongfully withheld from him by his rebel
neighbor? They establish constitutional pro-
visions for the trial of offenses. But what
murderer of a loyal man has been or can be
brought to justice by the verdict of a Georgia
jury? They provide in the constitution for the
right to vote without distinction of color or
race, and stand at the polls with revolvers to
shoot down the loyal black man when he at-
tempts to exercise that right. Mr. Speaker,
no barriers of paper, parchment, or wax will
restrain a dominant majority once intrusted
with the powers of a State government and
fatally bent on using those powers for mis-
chief.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what evidence have we
that the rebels of Virginia have any other der
sign than so far to conform to your conditions
as to persuade you to release them from the
grasp of the national authority, and that when
that is accomplished they will not retain all
their former hostility toward the national Gov-
ernment and the loyal men whom we are to
leave at their merey ? The House has made
it the duty of the Committee on Reconstruction
to learn the facts as to the present disposition
and purposes of the Virginia people, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] in
whose candor, whose clearness of insight, and
whose intelligence the House places just and
deserved confidence, has undertaken, as rep-
resenting the majority of the committee, to en-
lighten us as to those facts. He represents
in his speech of day before yesterday that at
the time of the vote on the constitution, when
the people of that State may be supposed to
have been on their good behavior, a majority
of that people abandoned the candidate of their
choice and selected another " because he had
opposed the Government during the rebellion,"
and because he had given them a pledge that
as soon as the Constitution should be adopted
and the Legislature and State ticket elected
they might proceed at once to propose such
amendments to the constitution as would clear
it of all dangerous characteristics and the
further pledge that if he were elected with a
1-iegislature not Radical, a fundamental portion
of that constitution should never be put in force.
The gentleman further states that Governor
Walker must either nullify the county and
school systems of Virginia, needful as they are
to secure the blessings of education to the col-
ored loyalists of that State, or cheat the men
who elected him. The gentleman further de-
nounces "the devilish scheme"—I use his
words—"of Governor Walker's supporters
(i. e., the majority of the people of Virginia,)'
to smuggle back into power during the transi-
tion period the old rebel State officers them-
selves." He further informs us " it was ad-
mitted on all hands that up to the present
time colored men, although admitted to juries
in the United States courts of Virginia by
Chief Justice Chase, have been excluded by
lower judges from all other juries in that
State;" and tells us that the Democrats of
Virginia have been able, even under the military
rule of General Canby, to nullify that provision
of the Federal Constitution which forbids the
enforcement of any law which shall abridge
the privileges and immunities of citizens of
the United States.
Yet, Mr. Speaker, in the face of these facts,
the gentleman and his com mittee ask this House
to affirm "that the people of Virginia, and es-
pecially those heretofore in insurrection against
the United States, are now well disposed to the
Government of the United States, and will sup-
port and defend the Constitution thereof, and
will carry out in letter and spirit the provisions
and requirements of the constitution submitted
under the reconstruction acts of Congress."
Marvelous logic! The men who abandoned
the man of their choice and who elected an-
other for the reason that he opposed the
Government in the; rebellion are well affected
to the Government of the United States.
The men who selected Mm because he was
pledged never to put in force some of the
most, essential provisions of - the constitu-
tion they pretend to adopt will carry out in
letter and spirit the provisions and require-
ments of that constitution; The men who nave
been able to deprive the colored loyalist of
one of his most precious constitutional rights,
in spite of the whole military power of, the
United States, are to be armed with all the
power and authority of State administration
and trusted to secure to the negro the rest of
his constitutional rights when that military
power is withdrawn. I wish some of the logic
which was devoted to the not very important
question whether the State was authorized ex-
pressly to present her Representatives and her
constitution for approbation was impliedly au-
thorized to do what has been done in the case
of most of the new States without express au-
thority, present Senators also, had been de-
voted to showing the connection between those
premises and these conclusions.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I believe this is a
bill to deliver up the defenseless loyalty of
Virginia into the hands of its traitors, ''quasi
agnum lupo ad devorandum;" and no prospect
of party advantage, no hope even of purchasing
the inestimable blessing of the fifteenth amend-
ment shall make me willingly a party to that act.
Mr. RICE, Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, and Mr.
SWEENEY, obtained leave to print rema.rks
upon the pending bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken so
often in opposition to the bills reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction and my views
are so well known that I do not propose to do
more than to state that I opposed in committee
and shall vote here against the bill reported by
the majority of the committee; and while I
shall vote for the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] my vote for that
will not be because of the facts recited in its
preamble, but because it declares what I have
always contended was the constitutional right.of
the State of Virginia, ''that she is entitled to
representation in Congress." Even according
to the Radical theory, according to your recon-
struction laws and the pledges therein con-
tained, she is entitled to representation. She
has^ obeyed all your orders ; she has even hu-
miliated herself—not willingly, I trust—but as a
choice of evils, to prove to you that she recog-
nizes your power and is willing in good faith
to submit to your authority. If I believed she had
accepted the terms she has otherwise than in obe-
dience to a power she could not resist, I would,
m view of her past history, say thatshe was not
worthy of representation here, however much
she might be entitled to it. She is at the mercy
of the majority dominant here, and this is not
the time nor the occasion for me to say more
than that Congress, by now requiring new con-
ditions and further exactions, after inducing
that grand old State and her people, of whom
they have made already, is to fasten upon your
party oad faith, a disregard of your solemn
pledges, and a want of that manly candor and
regard for your plighted word which I hope
never to see exhibited by any party, however
much 1 may condemn their policy and desire
their overthrow. Let me read, lest some of you
may have found it convenient to forget what
you covenanted with the people of Virginia. It
is section five of the act of March 2, 1867,
which, with the addition of requiring the fif-
teenth amendment to be ratified by the act of
