8690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
•nnouncc, or declare the result of any such election,
or eivo or mnko any certificate, dooumcnt. or evi-
dcuoo in relation thereto, to violato or rotuse to com-
l>ly willi liis duty or any law regulating tho sauio;
or knowinfe'ly ami willtully receive tho voto of any
person not entitled to vote, or refuse to rccoivo tho
voto of any person entitled to voto ; or aid, counsel,
procure, or ndviso any such voter, person, or officer
u> do any act hereby rnado a crime, or to omit to do
any duty tho omission of which is liorcby uiade n
crime, or attempt to do so. every such person shall
bedecwed guilty of iv crime, and shall for such crime
be liable to indictmcnt in any court of tho United
States of competent jurisdiction, and on conviction
thereof shall oe punished by a fine not exceeding
$500. or by imprisonment for a term not exceeding
three years, or both, in tho discretion of tho court,
and shall pay tho costs of prosecution.
!?sc.20. And be it further enacted. That if. at any
registration of voters for an oleotion for Represent-
ative or Delegate in the Congress of tho United
States. any person shall knowingly pcrsonato and
register, or attempt to register, in the namoof any
other person, whether living, dead, or fictitious, or
fraudulently register or fraudulently attempt to
register, not having a lawful right so to do: or do
any unlawful act to secure registration for himself
or any other person; or by forco, threat, menace,
intimidation, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise
thereof, or otherunlawful means, prevent or hinler
any person having a lawful right to register from
duly exercising such right; or compel or induce, by
any of such means or other unlawful means, any
officer of registration to admit to registration any
person not legally entitled thereto, or interfere in
any manner with any officer of registration in tho
discharge of his duties, or by any such means or
other unlawful means induce any officer of registra-
tion to violato or refuse to comply with his duty, or
any law regulating the same; or knowingly and
willfully receive the voteof any person not entitled
to vote, or refuse to receive tho vote of any person
entitled to vote, or aid, counsel, procure, or advise
any such voter, nerson, or officer to do any act
hereby made a crime, or to omit any act, the omis-
sion of which is hereby made a crime, every such
person shall be deemed guilty of a crime, and shall
be liable to indictment and punishment therefor, as
provided in section nineteen of this act for persons
guilty of any of the crimes therein specified.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall be deprived of, or fail to be elected toany
office, except that of member of Congress or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the denial to any
citiicn of the right to vote who offered his vote at
tbe election, on account of his race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, shall be entitled to bold such
office and perform the duties and receive the emolu-
ments thereof, and may recover possession of such
office by quo warranto or other appropriate proceed-
ing in the circuit or district court of the United
States for the proper district, or in any State court
having jurisdiction of such proceeding.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays on tbe passage of the bill.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SlOCKTON, (when his name was
called.) I desire to announce that I am paired
on this final vote with the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkling.] If here be would vote
for the passage of the bill, and I against it.
The result was announced—yeas 43, nays 8;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Brownlow.Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. Corbett, Cragin,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, McDonald. Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton. N ye, Osborn. Patt erson, Pome-
roy. Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice. Ross, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Spragne, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Trumbull. Warner. Willey, Williams, and Yates—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis,Fowler,Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Thurinan, and
A BSENT—Messrs. Ames. Bayard. Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Cattell, Conkling, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Kellogg. Lewis. Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Robertson, Sanlsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stockton,
Tipton, and Wilson—21.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move to amend the title
by adding "and for other purposes."
Mr. SUMNER. It would be better to strike
out all tbe words after " Union."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read aa itvill
stand if amended as proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. It will then read, " A bill
to enforce the right of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union."
Mr. STEWART. Add there the words " and
for other purposes."
Mr. SUMNER. Why do you want to have
"other purposes" in?
Mr. STEWART. Here is a provision to
enforce the fourteenth amendment. Strike out
all after " Union " and insert "and for other
purposes."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the title pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts would
indicate the purpose of the bill better; and
then put on " for other purposes."
Mr. STEWART. That is what I want. Strike
out all after the word " Union" and then insert
"and for other purposes."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read it, then, as it will
read if amended.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the title will read : " A bill to enforce the right
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes."
Mr. SUMNER. That is the whole case.
Mr. STEWART. No; thefourteenthamend-
ment, to preventimproperholdingof office, and
then the civil rights bill have been put on.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. So after Union insert
"and for other purposes."
The title was so amended.
order of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1871.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. ["No!" "NoI"]
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not yet. I
object.
Mr. THURMAN. This is Friday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of tbe Senator from Maine,
to proceed to the consideration of the appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday at
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Tbe motion was agreed to; and at seven
o'clock a. tn. on Saturday, May 21, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Nay 21, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when—
Mr. CULLOM moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
There being n<J objection, the motion was
agreed to.
FEES, ETC., IN SUPREME COURT.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committeeon the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire and report:
Fir*t. As to the amount of fees charged and col-
lected per annum by the clerk of the Supreme Court
of tbe United States, and the expenses of said office
for clerk-hire, &c.
Second. Under what law or rale of said court the
said fees are regulated and imposed.
Third. Whether the records of causes pending in
said court, and the decisions of the 6ourt thereon,
are printed at the Government Printing Office; and
if so, whether the same are paid for by said clerk.
Fourth. Whether the said clerk charees the parties
to said causes or others for printing said records and
for copies of said opinions.
Resolved further. That the Committee on the Jtxdi-
ciary be instructed to consider the propriety of re-
porting a bill regulating the fees to be paid by suitors
in said Supreme Court, fixing the salaries of the clerk
and other employes in the office of the said clerk,
and requiring the said clerk to pay into the Treasury
of the United States quarterly all the fees charged
and collected by him as such clerk.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
requested to report back the bill referred to thera
January 17,1870, entitled "A bill constituting eisrht
hours a day's work for all laborers, work-men, and
mechanics in the employ of tho Government of tho
United States."
Mr. McGREW. I object.
amendment of bankruptcy law.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table an amend-
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 386, to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867.
There was no objection ; and the amendment
of the Senate was read, as follows:
Strike out the following:
SEC. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in case of
a vacancy in the office of district judge in any dis-
trict, or incase any district judge shall from sickness,
absence, or other disability bo unablo to act, the
clerk of the district court of such district shall bo
authorized and empowed by leave or order of the
circui'judge of the circuit in which such district is
inc.'uded to make, during such disability or vacancy,
all necessary rules and orders preparatory to the
final hearing of all causes in bankruptcy.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be non-concurred in, and
a committee of conference be requested on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abbott q. ross.
Mr. HAYS. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now begun, and the first thing in order is Sen-
ate bill No. 188, for the relief of Abbott Q.
Ross, reported yesterday from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Hays,] with the recommendation
that it, do pass.
Mr. HAYS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time :
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAYS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alvin p. hovey.
Mr. ORTH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 131) to authorize the payment of the full
salary of Alvin P. Hovey as minister in Peru,
without deduction on account of absence from
his post, with the recommendation thai it do
pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides tnat Alvin P. Hovey, envoy extraordi-
nary and minister plenipotentiary of the Uni-
ted States in Peru, who has been absent from
his post as a witness in a judicial proceeding
interesting to the United States, be paid the
full amount of his salary notwithstanding such
absence.
Mr. ORTH. I now call the previous ques-
tion*
The previous question-was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
