1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5579
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 16, noes 22.
heirs oe jetiiko wood.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2361) for the relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood,
the inventor of the modern plow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] has called for
the reading of the report in this case. The
Secretary informs the Chair that there are
papers connected with the bill, but no report.
Mr. NYE. Yes, I have the report, and I
will send it to the desk.
Mr. PRATT. There is a House report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
formerly made in the Senate:
"Mr. walf.s, from the Committee on Patents,
made the following report:
" The Cojnmittee on Patents, to whom was referred
the memorial and accompanying papers of th edaugh-
ters of the lateJethro Wood, who invented thecast-
iron plow, beg leave most respectfully to report:
"That they are satisfied, from the abundant testi-
mony submitted for their consideration, copious
extracts from which are hereto annexed for the
inspection of the Senate, that Jethro Wood practi-
cally accomplished for the farmer, by improving
the plow, what Fulton accomplished for the nav-
igator, and Morse for correspondents. They are also
satisfied that Jethro Wood, likeFulton, died before
it was possible, under the peculiar circumstances, to
reap that reward to which, by hisserviees, his expend-
itures of money, and his legal rights, he was clearly
entitled. It is evident from the papers, many of
which areof the highest character and from the most
respectablesources in this country, that, through the
defects of the patent laws, Jethro Wood was unable
to protect his patent rights from the depredations
over attempted in all civilized nations upon success-
ful and valuable inventions. The consequence very
naturally was that the man died poor who had so sim-
plified the plow that itcould be profitably furnished
by mechanics, made of more durable materials than
formerly, at less than one half of its former cost,
and of a construction that would enable it to per-
form its work in a more thorough manner, although
requiring far less motive power to run it in any kind
of soil. Hitherto great elforts had been made in
vain by scientific men in this country and in Europe
to improve the plow, to render it more simple and
cheaper, more efficient, durable, and of lighter
draft.
It seems that the writings of Mr. Jefferson upon
the best methodsof improving the plow firstprompted
Jethro Wood to labor in this field of mechanical in-
vention ; hence the present of a plow in 1816 to Mr.
Jefferson. The original letter of Mr. Jefferson to
Jethro Wood, written with his own hand and franked
by himself in March, 1817, is before the committee,
a copy whereof is appended hereto. Another plow
was sent by Jethro Wood to the emperor of Russia,
accompanied by a letter from the scientific Dr. Mitch-
ell, the reccipt of which was acknowledged in terms
of the most gratifying character. It was introduced
into England by Clymer, and was described for the
use of the English farmers in Loudon's Encyclo-
pedia of Agriculture in a verv clear and satisfac-
tory manner.
When physical or inental labor creates a property
the producer is entitled by the laws of God and by
the very genius of our institutions to be protected by
statute law in its quietand secure enjoyment. When
a property becomes very valuable, is much diffused,
and can be easily appropriated, with but little dan-
ger of detection, by a large number of persons in
each county, city, and town in eaeh State of this
widespread nation, it is difficult to so frame laws as
to afford adequate and effectual protection. Still the
duty of the lawgiver is not less plain than in cases
of less difficulty. Perhaps few evidences of the ad-
vance of a nation, in true civilization and genuine
refinement are more conclusive than codes of laws
securing to each citizen all of his rights and proper-
ties, how unusual soever a shape or nature_ they may
from any cause assume, and true liberty is only se-
cured to the citizen when he can rightfully in his
heart feel that, though whole communities may
desii e and labor to appropriate to their use bis prop-
erty, the strong arm of the law can and will enable
him to effectually restrain the unlawful desire of
them all.
When a citizen invents a new property the law
allows him the exclusive ownership thereof forsuch
period as will enable the inventor to realize from its
use or sale, or both, such sum as will yield him a just
compensation therefor. This period of time the law
fixes at fourteen years, and orders a patent to issue
for that number of years. Conscious that a given
rule could not operate rightfully in all cases, the
makers of the law further provided that such in-
ventors of valuable properties as had not been
adequately remunerated by their tise in that length
of time should, under certain conditions, be entitled
to a renewal for a given period. And when invent-
ors have clearly shown to Congress that they have
not been remunerated by the use of their property
during the two periods special laws are passed allow-
ing a still further extension of time, not as a mere
boon to the^ claimant, but as an act of strict justice
to an individual who has created the property he
seeks to enjoy, until its enjoyment remunerates him
for his expenditure of time and money, for his sac-
rifices, harassment®, and troubles, the encountering
of which would have been shunned but for the hope
of renewal.
When the vast expenditures of Jethro Wood, in
time, in money, in labor of the severest kind, are
considered, no candid mind can fail to perceive that
he (and therefore his children, who succeed to his
rights) wasmost inadequately rewarded. His daugh-
ters petitioned Congress for a renewal of the patent
of their father upon its expiration. The Senate
promptly passed the bill at the last Congress, but it
tailed to become a law. Hence they again appear
at our bar asking justice, asking only for the enjoy-
ment of the property created by their father, who,
but for the imperfection of our laws, would have
left them a competence.
The New York State Agricultural Society, and the
Governor, State officers, and most of the members
of the Legislature of that State, ask that the heirs of
Jethro Wood, like the heirs of Fulton, shall receive
attbehands of Congress that justice which, unfortu-
nately, the father failed to receive.
A specific sum is recommended in preference to
allowing a tax to be levied upon every farmer that
uses a cast-iron plow ; and the committee concur
therein, and this the more especially when they con-
sider how vast have been the expenditures, how large
the taxes, from the very foundation of the Govern-
ment, for the benefit of the commercial and manu-
facturing classes compared with what has been done
for the iarmers. It is believed that Jethro Wood
was entitled, according to the principles which per-
vade our laws, to adequate reward for the property
he created; it is believed that neither he nor his
heirs have received such reward: and it is further
believed that after such vast sums have been be-
stowed upon merchants and manufacturers from the
earliest period of our history, it would be impolitic
and unjust to shift the payment of a suitable com-
pensation to the heirs of Jethro Wood, off from the
Treasury on to the shoulders of the farmers.
The committee therefore report herewith a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood, in accord-
ance with the foregoing views, and recommend its
passage by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit one or
two amendments, which I shall prepare pres-
ently ; but 1 really hope the Senate will not
prevent the passage of bills that are vitally
necessary by the consumption of time on this
bill. Here was an invention made fifty or sixty
years ago, that would be considered a very idle
and unimportant one at this day, at any rate.
This gentleman enjoyed his patent during its
full term. Now, fifty years after, we are called
upon t,o appropriate $25,000 out of the Treas-
ury of the United States to pay his children,
in trust for his heirs. If the example is to be
set of this kind of appropriation, I can sug-
gest in the history of the United States more
than a thousand million dollars which ought to
be paid in preference to this. Why not give
$25,000 to the widows of those who fell in
battle, many of whom are starving ? Why not
give money to the heirs of Robert Fulton?
Why not give money to the heirs of all the
other inventors who have gone before ? Why
should we, merely because of sympathy for
two ladies, be forced into setting an example
that will be evil for the future?
Sir, a great deal was said in the debate on
the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln
about the principle of giving a pension of
$3,000 a year to the widow of a great man
who was killed in the service of his country.
But what can be said of a precedent like this,
giving $25,000 for an invention fifty or sixty
years old, an invention that is now magnified
out of all proportion to its value? Long before
the Senator from Indiana and I were born this
patent of Jethro Wood and his little plow were
out of use. Now, it seems to me that we ought
not to set this example 
Mr. PRATT. I beg to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio on a point of date. I learned
my first lessons in plowing at the Wood plow,
and the old wooden plow had just gone out
of vogue.
Mr. SHERMAN. This invention was made
before or during the war of 1812.
Mr. PRATT. My impression is, about forty-
five years ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. The invention was made
in the war of 1812, and the papers themselves
show that one patent was issued in 1817. The
date of Mr. Jefferson's letter acknowledging
the receipt of one of these plows is 1817, if
I heard the report aright. I think the inven-
tion of Jethro Wood was made before the war
of 1812, and that was before I was born, a good
deal, and I think before my honorable friend
was born.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, Now, is it worth while,
in the expiring moments of the session, when
there are three or four measures of vital im-
portance still pending, to occupy time in dis-
cussing such a measure as this one, setting such
an example ? I appeal to the good sense, good
judgment, and the good temper of the Senate
whether they ought to be carried away by a
mere impulse. If they want to gratify a feel-
ing of generosity and charity, let them put their
hands in their own pockets and not set an ex-
ample that will bringall sorts of claims for which
this will be quoted as a precedent. It will
be used to secure all manner of drafts on the
public Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that this bill be
laid aside for a few moments—I will say in-
formally, if that will be assented to—for the
purpose of taking up a very important measure
indeed, the bill in reference to our shipping
interests.
Mr. NYE. I object to that now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I make the motion
that this bill be laid aside until that bill is
acted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to postpone 
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state that I
am informed from the very highest authority
that the French iron-clads have already sailed,
and that virtually war has commenced; and
all the bills before Congress to-day put together
are not as important as the bill I offer now,
and I hope the Senate will lay the other bill
aside informally until it is passed. I make
that motion.
Mr. NYE. This bill will take but a few mo-
ments for its consideration. It is no stranger
to the Senate. It has been passed by the Sen-
ate once, but then failed in the House of Rep-
resentatives for want of time. It has been
several times passed: and I am a little sur-
prised to hear the honorable Senator from Ohio
flippantly tossing the plow from his shoulders.
If I had the genius of the Senator from Ohio,
I should like to make an address to the plow.
Far richer harvests have boen gathered from
the plow than from the sword. I regard Jethro
Wood as a benefactor of his country. I remem-
ber more than forty-five years ago the plow of
Jethro Wood. My father went from central
New York to Auburn to buy a Wood plow;
and when he brought it home, it was not only
a marvel to the children, but it was a marvel
to fuil-grown children, and all prophesied its
failure. It had an iron mold-board; and up
to that time my business had been to carry
the plow-point to be sharpened to the black-
smith's shop. Wood's invention of a cast-iron
plow revolutionized entirely and resurrected
the agricultural interests of this country; and
to no one instrument is the country as much
indebted to-day as to his plow.
One of the commandments made by the
Almighty was to let the earth bring forth ; and
it has been obedient to that command under
all circumstances, and yielded in proportion
to the manner of its cultivation. It requires
good attention, and it requires good imple-
ments to enable it to obey in its fullness that
command.
Now, it is said that this moneyis to be taken
from the Treasury. Sir, more than two thirds
of the population of this country live by the
plow, directly; indeed all live by it; for it is
from the earth that every treasure is brought
forth; and it is the earth that pays every
national burden we bear.
Sir, I have said that this invention resur-
rected the agricultural interests of this country.
Submit the question to the farmers to-day
throughout this country, and they would say
