1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4635
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the motion.
Tliu question being put, a division was called
for ; anil the ayes were eighteen.
Mr. CONIvLING. I ask the Chair to state
the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is,
to* reconsider the vote by which the Senate
agreed to take a recess at half past four o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. So as to extend it until
five o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. As to which I desire to
*%ie VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order.
Those voting in the negative were then
counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are eight-
een voting in the affirmative, and thirty-three
in the negative. The noes have it; and the
Senate refuse to reconsider that vote. The
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, as amended.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment moved by
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] was
lost. I voted against it, and I think if we are
going to put it to a vote that it ought to be
reconsidered, and I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate rejected the amendment to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Veimont, [Mr. Morrill.] Did the Senator
vote on the prevailing side?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont, I believe, is that
which provided that this act should not apply
to anybody but members of Congress and post-
masters. That is the effect of it. It leaves the
franking privilege to all the Departments and
to all the persons in the Departments who now
erjoy it., in other words, it undertakes to say
that nobody but members of Congress and
these little country postmasters abuse the
franking privilege. That is the amount of it.
It is a plea of guilty on the part of Congress
to the charges made by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. It has been twice voted down by large
majorities in the Senate, and I hope it will now
be voted down and laid at rest forever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
jioy in the chair.) The hour at which the Sen-
ate agreed to take a recess has arrived; and
the Senate takes a recess until half past seven
o'clock.  
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
petition.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Jessie 8. Taylor, of Union county, Kentucky,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
1-'111SNCII submarine cable.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Chair, 1 will send to the Chair and ask to have
primed, in the nature ol a report, some papers
addressed to me by the Department of State,
showing that the submarine cable to connect
this country by-telegraph with France has re-
nounced the exclusive privilege which was con-
ferred upon it by its tirst grant, and that the
agreement establishing those new relations has
just been signed by the minister of the interior
in France, and by Mr. Erlanger, the contractor.
1 send the correspondence that shows that
transaction to the desk, and move that it bo
piinled in the nature of a report and laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
OOOiA AND TENNESSEE RAILROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) By the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate the bill (S. No. 647) to aid
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, Cal-
ifornia, with branches and connections, is now
before the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. As there is a very light
attendance hero at present, and as the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] who has charge of
the bill is not in, I move to take up Senate bill
No. 987. It will not take two minutes to pass it.
Mi'. NYE. I wish the Senator would give
way and let us pass the bill fh relation to the
Atlantic and Pacific road, which will lead to
no discussion.
Mr. SPENCER. This will not take more
than a minute. It is a very short bill.
Mr. NYE. I will help you to pass yours
afterward.
Mr. SPENCER. We can dispose of this in
a moment, and then I will give way. I have
tried for a long time to pass this bill.
Mr. NYE. The bill to which I refer was
unfinished on Saturday, and it will not take
ten minutes to pass it.
Mr. SPENCER. Mine will not take two
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill named by
him. Is there any objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection ; but I do object to having any bill
passed unless there is a quorum present.
Mr. SPENCER. No one can have any ob-
jection to this bill ; it has been unanimously
reported from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER. What is it?
Mr. SPENCER. It is a bill to renew an
old grant to the Coosa and Tennessee Rail-
road Company in Alabama. It only grants
about sixty-seven thousand acres of land.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope the Senator from Alabama
will allow us to take up Senate bill No. 401
and aet upon it now.
Mr. SPENCER. My bill will take less time
than the Senator's bill.
Mr. RICE. I have no objection to any bill
being taken up while the Senate is collecting;
but I wish it to be understood that it is taken
up subject to a call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent 
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 401.
Mr. SPENCER. Mine has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _It will be
read by its title for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 987) to
renew a certain grant oi lands to the State ot
Alabama.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection? The Chair hears no objection.
JKAltUM ATKINS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that bill, I ask the Senator from Alabama to
let me make a motion that will take no time.
Some time ago House bill No. o-35, for the
relief of Jearum Atkins, was reportedly the
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wili-ey]
from the Committee on Patents, and indefi-
nitely postponed. By his permission I believe
I have his permission—I ask unanimous con-
sent to let that bill be placed on the Calendar
again, so that it may be acted on when it is
Mr. WILLEY. Why not put it on its pas-
sage now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not like to put
it on its passage now, bccause I merely ask the
consent of the Senator from Alabama to place
it on the Calendar. 1 hope by unanimous con-
sent it will be placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection? The Chair hears no objection; and
the vote indefinitely postponing the bill referred
to will be regarded as reconsidered, and the bili
placed on the Calendar.
COOSA AND TENNESSEE RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ij
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 987) to
renew a certain grant of lands to the State of 1
Alabama. It provides that the grant of landa
made to the State of Alabama to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Tennessee river
at or near Gunter's Landing to Gadsden, on
the Coosa river, in the State of Alabama, by an
act entitled "An act granting public lands in
alternate sections to the State of Alabama to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State," approved June 3, 1850, shall be
renewed and revived to the State of Alabama,
subject to all the provisions of the act of June
3, 1850.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
granted to the said Tennessee and Coosa railroad
the right of way one hundred feet in width from the
center and on each side of the railroad of said com-
pany upon aud over the lands of the United Stated,
with tho right to take therefrom earth, stono, and
other materialsnocessaryfor the construction thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Let me ask the Senator
from Alabama, when was this original grant
made?
Mr. SPENCER. In 1856.
Mr. HARLAN. Has not a part of this land
been settled on by homestead or preemption
settlers?
Mr. SPENCER. I think not.
Mr. HARLAN. If there is any provision
in the bill for their protection, I should like to
hear it reported.
Mr. SPENCER. If tliey have the title is in
them. I do not think there are any settlers of
any consequence. The land is very poor. This
road runs across what is known as Sand mount-
ain, and is in reality a barren waste.
Mr, RAMSEY. I listened to the bill care-
fully, and I thought I heard the usual reserva-
tion in favor of settlers.
Mr. HARLAN. But this not being an ori-
ginal grant, but going back and reviving a grant
made sixteen years ago, it is possible it might
cut out homestead settlers and preemptors.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think their rights are pre-
served in the bill. I paid attention to it.
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that this grant was made in 1850.
The condition of the grant was that the road
should be completed in ten years. _ The war
intervened and the grant lapsed. Since then,
these lands have been withheld from settle-
ment under either the homestead or preemp-
tion laws. I think there have been no settlers
at all.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator say there
have been none ?
Mr. WARNER. None at all. Ihcro aro
no conflicting rights.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
is sure of that, of course I have no objection.
Mr. WARNER. I am very sure.
Mr. SPENCER. I am familiar with the
country, and I know that in an agricultural sense
these lands are worthless.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 move to amend the bill
by inserting after the words " in such man-
ner," in line thirty-one, the words, according
to the usual amendment, " as the Secretary ot
the Interior shall direct; 'so that he shall
have supervision of the system of averaging
these lands. I think that is necessary, and it_
is contained in all these bills.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is one clause I should
like to have amended. It is immediately after
the word "settlers;" I am not sure what
section it is in. If the words are not already
in the bill, I should, like to insert:
Being headrf of families, or single persons and
