1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March,. 1869, is the solemn bargain you bound
yourselves to execute in good faith with Vir-
ginia if she did what is therein required:
' "Sec. 5. That when the people of any one of said
rebel States shall have formed a constitution of gov-
ernment in conformity with the Constitution of the
"United States in all respects, framed by a convention
of delegates elected by the male citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who have been residont
in said State for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law; and when such constitution shall provide
thatthe elective franchise shall be enjoyed byallsuch
persons as have the qualifications herein stated for
electors of delegates; and when such constitution
shall bo ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval and Congress shall haveapproved
the same; and when said State by a vote of its Legis-
lature elected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen; and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
aad Representativesshall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oaths prescribed by law: and then
and thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall
be inoperative in said State."
, Has not Virginia done all these things?
Has not this Congress said that her constitu-
tion was republican in form, and by the act
of April 10, 1869, authorized elections to be
held under it? You all know these facts to be
true. The elections were held and the result
reported by General Canby. No man on this
floor has dared to attack the fairness of it.
True, a few sneaks hung round the doors of
the Reconstruction Committee room, and whis-
pered calumnies into the ears of such members
as they supposed would listen to them. They
tried the old dodge of negro affidavits, but it
was a failure. The report of General Canby
and the manly letter of Governor Wells, the
Radical candidate, and the statement of all the
decent men in the Radical ranks overwhelmed
them. Even the respectable negroes repudiated
them and came before the committee begging
that the persecutions of Virginia should cease.
As 1 have said some hard things about Gov-
ernor Wells heretofore on this floor in connec-
tion with Virginia reconstruction, it gives me
pleasure to read his letter, which, though printed
and on the desks of members, 1 presume but
few have taken the pains to notice. It reads
thus:
Richmond, Virginia, December 10, 1869.
My De ak Sir : I had hoped there would be, at the
felling of Congress, no division of sentiment in
ashington on thesubject of theimmediato restora-
tion of Virginia, and am surprisedat what occurrec"1
before the Reconstruction Committee on yesterday.
"We have arrived, it seems to mc, at a stage in the
work of reconstruction when it is utterly idle to at-
tempt the correction of any evil which may exist
here by a longer denial of Federal representation to
the State. No Conservative or Democrat will be
made a Republican; no bitterness will be assuaged;
no ostracism be abated; nor any spirit of amnesty
be encouraged or oblivion for the past be secured by
either an exclusion of the State or individuals from
any of the rights which belong to the most favored
of States or citizens. "Wbethersuch desirable results
, were over likely to bo secured by test-oaths and dis-
franchisements or not it is certain they can have no
such operation from this time forward.
If we are ever to secure prosperity in our material
interests, harmony in our social relations, or justice
and equality in political rights and privileges, it
must be done by such a universal act of notable am-
nesty as deprives every man of the last vestige of
excuse for inflicting injustice upon others in retalia-
tion for wrongs or political disabilities suffered by
himself. One may doubt the issue, or even believe
that such a measure of liberality will fail of any
happy results ; still it is the only refuge now left,
andwisemen oughtnotto hesitate about making the
trial. It should be done, too. in no ungracious spirit,
but fully, freely, and with the broadest generosity.
It is idle to find fault with or cavil at the means or
way by which we have been brought to this con-
dition. It is entirely immaterial how the Republican
party was defeated, nor shall we be likely to contem-
plate its overthrow more graciously by longer in-
dulging in animosity, bitterness, or recrimination.
I sineerelyhopo that Virginia may be restored before
the week ends'without a single dissenting vote;
that before the Christmas holidays, by one single act
of amnesty, the disabilities of every citizen of t!ii
Commonwealth may be removed. The policy of
selecting here and there individuals for relief, not
because of their superior claims, but rather on ac-
oount of the friends they ihave "at court," or the
diligence with which they move their suit, is plainly
unwise and manifestly unjust; it tends largely to
aggravate the irritation already existing. The two
hundred men whose disabilities are in this way re-
moved are not thereby rendered any more the
friends of the Government than-they were before,
while all the other unrelieved find in this last act of
unjust congressional discrimination a new cause of
more substantial complaint, dislike, and bitterness.
It is useless longer to rely upon half measures.
Sever the knot by one blow. Untie all hands by one
word. If this policy does not succeed, then no other
can afford any reasonable hope of a better result. I
hope that you will do all in your power to secure the
success and early adoption of this policy'.
I remain, my dear sir, yours truly,
II. H. WELLS.
Colonel R. W. IIoghes.
That letter, written by your defeated candi-
date for Governor himself, as thorough a Rad-
ical as any man on this floor, ought to be con-
clusive against this bill. Indeed, as I said, the
imposition of any conditions now such as this
bill proposes is only a proclamation to the
world of the Punic faith of Congress, a useless
advertisement to all men and to all future gen-
erations that your words, your pledges, your
solemn acts were all false, and intended only
to delude, eheat, and defraud. I hope those
who vote for this bill will find an early oppor-
tunity to reperuse—I judge it is familiar to
most gentlemen on the other side—Macauley's
Review of Machiavelli, and answer to himself
whether the character there drawn of the
Italian politician is not a faithful portraiture
of his own conduct. I don't want any con-
fession ; his own conscience, if he has one,
will respond to the picture. I am utterly
unable to see what you expect to gain by the
imposition of all your fundamental conditions.
It is a well-known fact that every member
elected to the senate of Virginia, and all the
members save two, one of whom had been a
constable some thirty years ago and the other
a magistrate before the war, can take the re-
quired oath. Their eligibility was carefully
inquired into by General Canby before they
took their seats, and Virginia has plenty of
young men who were mere school-boys before
the war to fill every office in the State, and
their numbers are increasing every day. Under
such circumstances it is not only mere folly—
it is worse, it is a gross blunder—for the Radi-
cal party to inaugurate in Virginia a policy
which, by its unjust and oppressive discrimina-
tion, makes a whole people feel that they are
harshly, unjustly, and falsely dealt with by the
party in power. Congress, of course, can pass
laws to enforce the fourteenth amendment, but
they must be laws applicable to all the people
and all the States alike. It cannot pass one
law for Massachusetts and another for Virginia
upon the same subject, and make it an offense
for a citizen of Virginia to do an act which a
citizen of New England may do with impunity.
It can only punish men who hold office, not
impose test-oaths in advance. Yet that is what
this bill proposes. It imposes conditions on and
exacts oaths from those elected to office in Vir-
ginia in all time to come which are not imposed
on and cannot be imposed upon the citizens of
any other State. Such legislation is void.
Your bill also seeks to prevent changes in re-
gard to suffrage, sitting on juries, in the school
fund, &c., from being made in all time to come.
You all know that Congress has no right to
impose any such conditions. Virginia will when
restored have the same right to alter, amend,
and change her constitution as any other State,
and will be bound in all changes and alterations
of it and in all laws passed under it to conform
to the Constitution of the United States just
as all the other States are bound, and Congress
will possess just the same power over her as
it does over New York, and will have the same
right to exercise that authority under the pow-
ers vested in it by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, for it has no other legitimate power,
whether these so-called fundamental conditions
are retained in this bill or not. Congress cannot
pass a law declaratory of the Constitution. What
is constitutional and what is in conflict with it
is for the courts to determine. When Virginia
does any act which affects the rights of any
citizen the courts are open, and the constitu-
tionality of the act can be tested, for no lawyer
will dispute that if not in conflict: with the
constitutions of the United States and the State
the Legislature of Virginia may pass any act
it pleases, and Congress has no right to inter-
fere, and cannot make auy bargain with the
present Legislature of Virginia or put any act
on its own statute-book which will prevent any
future Legislature in Virginia from exercising
all proper constitutional power in passing laws,
in altering and amending the State constitution
which any other State possesses. But ast I
said, I will not argue this question ; I simply
rose to state my objections to the bill and the
reason why I would vote for the substitute; and
having done that much, I will yield fifteen
minutes of my remaining time to my colleague
from Kentucky, [Mr. Winchester.]
Mr. WINCHESTER addressed the House.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. BECK. I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I do not yield, Mr. Speaker,
to any gentleman of this House in earnest
desire that Virginia should be restored to per-
fect equality with her sister States, and be ad-
mitted to that representation in the national
councils, to which I regard her as so well
entitled.
But, sir, there are difficulties about the bill
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction
which I have not, for my part, been able to
overcome. It is not proposed by this bill that
Virginia shall come in on a footing of absolute
equality with the other States. On the con-
trary, her admission is to be clogged with con-
ditions. She is to enter the Union—a Union
which but for her assent would never have
existed ; a Union a large part of whose richest
domain is formed out of territory that she gave
to it—she is to enter this Union fettered and
bound. And why is this? I know, sir, that
it is claimed that the first of the conditions
prescribed by this bill correspond to the condi-
tions authorized by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution. But the provisions of that
amendment, as has been justly said by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, cannot operate of their own
force, but only through legislation by Congress.
But Congress has never seen fit to pass any
general law to make these provisions operative.
Why, then, should it pass a law making them
especially and peculiarly operative upon Vir-
ginia? Special legislation in respect of one
of a class is dangerous, unequal, and subject to
abuse ,- it requires, or should at least require,
cogent reasons to justify it at all. But here,
sir, I am at a loss to see any reason whatever
calling for such legislation.
To be sure, we have been told that the peo-
ple of Virginia are not loyal. And we are
told this in the same breath which declares, as
does the preamble of this bill, that they have
complied in good faith with every condition
imposed by Congress as a prerequisite to their
admission. Still we are told, I say, that they
are not loyal, and without these conditions are
not to be trusted. But what evidence is there
of this ? Virginia is orderly, Virginia is peace-
able, Virginia is submissive. The mother of
States, she stands here humbly at the- door—
having complied with every condition and
faithfully taken every step required of her by
Congress—stands here humbly at the door
asking only for that representation which she
has been promised and. to which I have not
heard it pretended that she is not entitled.
In all the Legislature of that State but two
jj persons have been elected who would be un-
i able to take the oath required by this bill.
1; 0 ne of these persons was elected thirty years ago
- to be a constable, the other several years ago
was elected to be a magistrate j and of these
two, both chosen to the lower house, both
chosen in ignorance of their disability, one
