1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3691
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
minister to china. :
Mr. ORTH also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 889) to in-
crease the salary of the United States minister ;j
to China, with the recommendation that it do
not pass ; and the same was laid on the table.
removal of commercial restrictions.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, also
reported back a joint resolution (H. R. No. 87)
providing for the removal of restrictions on j
commerce, with the recommendation that it do
not pass; and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the votes i
just taken ; and also moved that the motion .
to reconsider be laid on the table. |
The latter motion was agreed to.
the late generals asboth and steadman.
Mr. AMBLER, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2067)
directing the Secretary of State to cause to
be brought home and interred the remains
of Generals Asboth and Steadtnan, who died
in the service of the United States abroad ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec- i
retary of. State to cause to be removed to the
United States, and interred in the national
cemetery at Arlington Heights, the remains
of General Alexander Asboth, who died while
serving as minister of the United States to the
Argentine Confederation. It also authorizes
and directs the Secretary of State to cause to
be removed to the United States, and sent to ;
his late home in Ohio, the remains of'General !
William Steadtnan who died at Santiago de
Cuba, in the month of July, 1869, while serv- |
ing as consul of the United States. It further i
provides that the expenses of such removals
and burials be paid out of the contingent fund j
of the State Department. I
Mr. VOORHEES. Who is the gentleman
that has charge of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill is reported by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler.]
Mr. AMBLER. I will say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that the bill is reported on
the unanimous recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. VOORHEES. I heartily concur in the
bill, and only rise to-ask what I am sure
every gentleman from n>y State will join the
in requesting, that provision may be made in
the bill for the removal of the remains of Hon.
James Wilson,, who died while minister of the
United States to Venezuela, to his late home
at Crawfordsville, in Indiana.
Mr. ORTH. I will state to my colleague
that that is unnecessary. The State Depart-
ment have already taken the necessary steps
for the removal of the remains of Mr. Wilson.
They cannot, nnder the health regulations of
Caracas, be removed under a year. No legis-
lation is necessary for the purpose of bringing
home his remains.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am happy to receive
that assurance from my colleague. At the
same time he will allow me to say that I have
had repeated communications with the State
Department in regard to the removal of the
remains of Mr. Wilson, which is a matter I
have much at heart. I knew him from my
boyhood. But when my colleague states that
there is nothing in the way but, health regula-
tions, and that that difficulty will be obviated
in a year, I am quite satisfied.
Mr. ORTH. 1 assure my colleague that he
may rely on my giving every attention to this
matter. Mr. Wilson was my predecessor in
Congress, and was one of my constituents.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly rea4 the third time, and passed.
Mr. AMBLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMBLER, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1194) direct-
ing the Secretary of State to cause the remains
of General William Steadman, late consul of
the United States at Santiago de Cuba, to be
sent to his late home in Portage county, Ohio ;
and the bill (H. R. No. 1525) authorizing the
bringing home the remains of General Alex-
ander Asboth, late United States minister to
the Argentine Confederation ; and moved that
the committee be discharged from their further
consideration, and that the same be severally
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
gift from government of france.
Mr. WILLARD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 251)
authorizing Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the
United States Army, to accept a gift from the
Government of France, in acknowledgment of
services rendered.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes George E. Cooper, surgeon United States
Army, to accept from the French Government
a gold watch and chain in acknowledgment
of services by him rendered in July, 18G9,
to the crew of the French imperial corvette
Curieux.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
decorations from king of portugal.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 31) authorizing Lieutenant Commander
Arthur A. Yates, Surgeon Albert L. Gilson,
Passed Assistant Surgeon Charles H. White,
and Assistant Surgeon Jerome H. Kidder, of
the United States Navy, to accept decorations
from the King of Portugal in recognition of
humane services.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates,
Surgeon Albert L. Gilson, Passed Assistant
Surgeon Charles H. White, and Assistant Sur-
geon Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States
Navy, to accept the decorations tendered them
by the king of Portugal in recognition of hu-
mane services rendered by them to an officer
of the Portuguese navy.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims for japanese outrage.
Mr. WILLARD, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 164) authorizing the Secretary of State
to adjust certain claims, and directing the
payment thereof.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of State to ascertain and allow
the damages which ought to be paid to the
owners of the steamer Monitor or Fee Pang,
their representatives or assigns, for the in-
juries sustained from being fired into by the
batteries of the Daimio of Nagato in July,
1864, and that the sum allowed by the Secre-
tary of State, together with the expenses at-
tending the ascertainment thereof, be paid out
of the moneys received for indemnity from the
Government of Japan. The second section
authorizes the Secretary of State to appoint a
commissioner or coramissiouers, as may be
necessary, to take testimony in Japan or else-
where in relation to such damages, and report
th^same to him ; and that auy consular or dip-
lomatic officer who may be so appointed shall
be entitled to a reasonable compensation, to
be allowed by the Secretary of State, in addi-
tion to his official salary or emoluments.
The substitute reported by the committee
was as follows:
That the Secretary of State bo, and hereby is,
directed to ascertain by competent proof, and allow,
the actual damages sustained by the steamer Mon-
itor or Fee Pang by the shot from the batteries, when
that steamer was fired into by the batteries of the
Daimio of Nagato, July 12, A. D. 1864, and that tho
sum allowed by tho Secretary of State bo paid to
the owners of said steamer, or to their legal repre-
sentatives or assigns, outot the moneys received for
indemnities from the Government of Japan.
Sec. 2. And beit further resolved. That theSecretary
of State be, and hereby is, authorized to take testi-
mony, if in his judgment tho interests of tbe United
States require tcstiinouy to be taken, in Japan or
elsewhere, in relation to such damages. Any con-
sular or diplomatic officer in Japan may be appointed
to take such testimony, and any expense necessarily
incurred in taking such testimony shall be paid by
the Secretary of State out of said moneys received
from the Government of Japan.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like to know the
reason for this raid on the Japanese fund.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is this part of the grab
made yesterday ?
Mr. WILLARD. I ask that the report be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Howe of Representative* :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) authorizing
tho Secretary of State to adjust certain claims and
directing the payment thereof, begs leave to report:
Tho only evidence before the committee was of-
fered by Nathaniel J. Miller, of Portland, Maine,
and the evidence consisted mainly of a report made
in 1867 by E. Peshine Smith, examiner of claims in
the State Department, which report is as follows:
Bureau op Claims, February 6,1867.
Claim of Nathaniel J. Miller, of Portland, assignee
of Drake & Conklin, of San Francisco, for damages
to their steamer, the Monitor.
Drake & Conklin appear to have been engaged in
business at Shanghai, in China. Their vessel, the
Monitor, under the name of the •" Fee Pang," went,
in want of water and coal, into a harbor of Choshu,
Daimio of Nagato, which was not one of the ports
open to foreign commerce. It was fired upon by the
batteries of Cboshu and damaged to an amount now
stated at $35,090, as well by reason of tho direct in-
juries to the ship, boilers, and machinery by cannon-
shot as by tbe detention for repairs, &a.
The firing upon the vessel was on the 12th July,
1864. Mr. Drake, one of the owners, was on board
at the time. The captain was , also a
part owner.
Our minister, Mr. Pruyn, in his letter to the De-
partment of State of August 8,1804,-after stating that
he had laid the facts before tbe Japanese Govern-
ment, says: "1 made no claim, nor dol feel disposed
to make any, in favor of the owners of the vessel,
one of whom was on board at the time. While I
have no reason to distrust the truth of the declara-
tions that tbey were destitute of coal, and that they
were obliged to go into the harbor, 1 cannot forget
that while here in 1863 the same vessel entered a port
in the territories of Satsuma; and it would be unwise
to encourage owners of vessels brought to this coun-
try for sale to enter the ports of hosi ile daimios, or
any ports not opened for trade." (Diplomatic Cor-
respondence of 1864, vol. 3, p. 517.)
Otioshu, if not in a state of rebellion against the
Japanese Government at tbe very time of the firing
into the Monitor, was so shortly afterward. The
treaty Powers, as early as August 12, 18W, but one
month after the affair of the Monitor, organized a
military and naval expedition against him with the
consent of the Tycoon, who expressed his indigna-
tion at the firing upon the vessel. The combined
fleet destroyed the batteries of Choshu between the
4th and 8th September, 1864. and compelled him to
make a complete surrender and agree to pay lor the
expenses of the expedition such sum as the minister
of the treaty Powers might demand, together- Us is
stated in a memorandum of conferences, Diplomatic
Correspondence for 1864, p. 568, vol. 3J with any in-
demnities to be claimed for his aggression on foreign
flags from tho beginning.
The Japanese minister (see memorandum las?
oited) undertook, in behalf of the Tycoon's Uovern-
ment, all the engagements of Choshu as to the pay-
ment of indemnities.
By a convention made between the treaty Powers
and the Japanese authorities on the 2id October,
1864, the latter agreed to pay $3,000,000 in six quar-
terly installments, for "all claims of whatever nature,
for past aggressions onthepartof Nagato, (Choshu,)
whether indemnities, ransom for Simonoseki, or ex-
penses entailed by the operations of the allied squad-
