1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
ton, and thence by tUe White Sulphur springs
and the valley of New river and the Great
Kanawha to the Ohio river, at the mouth of
the Big Sandy, will open a route to southern
Ohio, Kentucky, and the southwestern States
which, although longer than the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad and Northwestern Virginia rail-
road, will be remarkable for its easy grades.
Say8 Mr. Latrobe:
" There is a point upon the Alleghany mountain
range, between where it is crossed by the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad at Altamont and where it is
passed on the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad near
the White Sulpbur springs, over which a railroad
can be carried without excessive elevation of grade
and summit height, so that by these two routes and
the Connellsvilie road to Pittsburg the seat of the
Rational Government must maintain its connections
withthegreatWcstby theshortestandbest lines. The
Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire railroad line
must fall into that of tho Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road at New Creek or Piedmont, and any other line
liliving a westward direction and more southern posi-
tion must find its way over the great water-shed, by
the Chesapeake and Ohio line, through Covington
and the White SuluhUr springs. I speak, in express-
ing this opinion, from personal knowledge apquired
in carcfol reeonnaisances in years past of the Alle-
ghany range bctweea those two lines of passage."
On the 4th of July, 1828, Charles Carroll of
Carroliton laid the corner-stone of the Balti-
more and Ohi  railroad. In 1834 the road
was continued to Harper's Ferry. The branch
to Washington,-commenced in the autumn of
1831, was opened to travel in July of the ensu-
ing yew. It was further extended to Cum-
berland in 1842, and finally completed to the
Ohio river in January, 1853. This great work
with its branches, constructed exclusively with
the capital of the State of Maryland, at a time
when it was of mora national importance than
any siuiilar work in the country, represents,
as appears by its ba)ance- h«et, an aggregate
Capital of more thatt forty-six million dollars.
To show haw completely and thoroughly the
wants, present sad prospective, of every inter-
est, especially the federal Government, in its
connection with the national metropolis, have
been met bythis enlarged System of intercom-
munication, I will call the attention of the
House to its leading features.
The SPEAKER. The morning hoar has
expired. The bill goes over till to-morrow
moraiag.
Mr. K&RS. I ask- unanimous consent to
submit a motion that the further consideration
®f the bill be postponed^ and that it be made
x special order for the 31st day of March next,
after the morning hour.
Mr. INGfiftSOLL. I- must object to that.
"LEGISLATION FOU THE DrSTKICT.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am directed
by the Committee on the Rules to report the
following resolution:
Jle*olved, That the following be added to the rules
of the House:
The third Friday of each month, from the hoar of
two o'clock p. ut. until the adjoummeat of that day,
shall, when claimed by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be devoted exclusively to business
reported from said committee; and said committee
shall henceforth be omitted by the Speaker in the
regular ealls of committees.
I presume nobody will objects this resolu-
tion.
Mr. WARD. As £ understand this resolu-
tion it proposes that the Committee for the
District of Columbia shall have every Friday
after the morning hour.
The SPEAKEli. One Friday ia each month;
the third Friday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is not an unrea-
sonable request.
Mr. WARD. I would like to understand
the reason for that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me I will explain it.
Mr. WARD. I object to the resolution.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object, to a resolution, reported by a
committee that has the right to report at any
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sub-
mit only afew words of explanation. This is
a proposition to take away from the Committee
for the District of Columbia their regular place
on the call of committees for either public or
private business, and give them in lieu of that
the third Friday in each month from two o'clock
to the end of the session. By thus assigning to
that committee beforehand the whole of that
legislative day they have a certainty as to the
time when they can bring their business before
the House. The resolution gives them, per-
haps, a little more time than they would get
under the regular call of the committees; but
at the same time other committees depending
on the regular call will be relieved from deten-
tion by the business of the District. It will be
I to the advantage of every committee of the
[ j House to have this committee removed from the
I! regular roster of committees, so far as calls are
concerned. It will be also a benefit to that
committee by giving them a specific time which,
they can rel^ upon obtaining. The large amount
of work which has accumulated in the hands of
the committee seems to require such an adjust-
ment as this. The Committee on the Rules
think it a reasonable arrangement.
Mr. COX. I wish to say one word to gen-
tlemen on this side of the House. This new
rule which is now proposed will not give the
Committee for the District of Columbia a great
deal of advantage. But their business has
greatly accumulated, and something ought to
be done with the view of enabling them to bring
their business before the House. We propose
to grant them this small concession. By this
arrangement they really lose a certain place on
the regular call of committees. They are en-
titled to some consideration from the House;
for the Congress of the United States is the
only authority to which the District can look
for the legislation which its interests require.
I hope it will be passed now nem. con.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope not, until I have
been heard for a few moments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, some years
ago I first called attention of the House to the
propriety of setting apart some time for the
consideration of the business of the District
of Columbia. If I understand the statement
of the gentleman from Ohio he proposes now to
give the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia two and a half hours per month for the
consideration of the business of this District.
I do think it is by half, yes, by five times that
computation, too small a time to allot for that
purpose. We have the exclusive jurisdiction
of all legislation in reference to this District,
and I think the examination by every Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia for the last
half dozen years has impressed every member
on those committees that we have failed in our
duty toward this District. We have failed to
consider some of the most important matters
in relation to the people of- this District at
every session. And now to strike the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia from the
list of committees in the morning hour, and to
give them only two and a half or three hours
every mouth for the consideration of the legis-
lation of this District, does seem to me to be
like a denial of justice or any fair considera-
tion of the business of this District; and, for
one, I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find that it gives them more time than
they can now get. The Committee for the
District of Columbia are willing to accept it.
Mr. COOK. I wish to say one word. We
have not beenable to report from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia at this session,
and our tables are full of bills ready for the
ac^on of the House. I coincide with the gen-
tleman from Indiana in what he has said. I
think we ought to have more time. We have
been making an effort to get more time, but
we have been convinced that we shall be unable
to do so. If this resolution shall pass we will
then get the afternoon of every third Friday
of each month, and if the House shall give us
an evening session we will then have two and
a half hours more for the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. We shall have, certainly,
sometime every month. We shall have a fair
chance to present some business. We shall
have the floor in regular order, and I think the
House will give us an evening session on those
days if they find it is necessary for the con-
sideration of the business of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. NIBLACK. Of course, in the face of the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, I do not feel like opposing what is
acceptable to that committee; but the sug-
gestion of the gentleman that we may have
night sessions every third Friday, when we can
scarcely get a quorum to do business, in view
of the fact that the Constitution devolves upon
us as one of the gravest duties of Congress to
legislate for this District, seems to me to be
like treating the District of Columbia as a
step-child.
Mr. COOK. Had we not better take that
if it is the best we can get ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Why be driven to it? Has
not the House something to say about it? I
do not think it imperatively necessary on our
part to adopt the report of the Committee on the
Rules. If the gentleman from Ohio will allow
me, I will move an amendment so as to allow
this committee to remain in the list of com-
mittees in the morning hour in addition to
these two and a half hours every third Friday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
shows great generosity to do more than the
Committee for the District of Columbia ask.
I am willing to do what is reasonable, and I
hope the resolution will be adopted. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule on this
new rule now. When two o'clock is reached
on the third Friday of each month no business
will be in order except that concerning the Dis-
trict of Columbia. A motion for an evening
session for the same business will be compe-
tent. Unfinished business will not go over
until next day, but until the next third Friday.
DRAWINGS FOR PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order was House joint resolution No.
188, providing for the publication of the speci-
fications and drawings of the Patent Office, on
which the gentleman from Rhode Island was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the joint
resolution reported from the Committee on
Printing changing the mode of distributing the
reports of the Patent Office has the concur-
rence of the Commissioner of Patents, and I
am also authorized to say it has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Patents. _ It
proposes an entire change in the mode of print-
ing and distributing the reports of the transac-
tions of the Patent Office, and I shall ask the
attention of the House for a few minutes while
I explain the results of this change and the
reasons for its adoption.
The report of the Commissioner of Patents,
after the reorganization of the law of 1836, was
originally but a small pamphlet, printed at a
cost of a few cents a copy, and in large num-
bers, for circulation by members of Congress
and by the Commissioner. That publication
has now swelled to four large volumes an-
nually, at a cost $12 50 "for each copy sent out
for distribution.
The number of patents granted tinder the
