4636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
over twenty-one years of age, citizens of the United
States, or having declared t.heir intention to become
such under the naturalization laws of the United
States.
Mr. WARNER. I would say that this bill
follows the language of tlie amendment in rela-
tion to actual settlers that has been agreed on
by the committee of the House, providing for
the filing of maps and averaging the price. I
will state further, that the whole amount of
land granted by this bill is only sixty-seven
thousand acres of mountain land that was in
market at twelve and a half eenta an acre for
years. It is only a grant of sixty-seven thou-
sand acres of land.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
doubtless has followed the House bill, as he
suggests; but this amendment follows the plan
proposed by the Senate Committee 011 Public
Lands, and I prefer it. The bill as it now stands
provides that the land shall be sold to settlers,
but who tlie settlers are 110 one can tell. The
description given in the amendment I propose
makes it conform to the general land laws, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
will know who are meant by "settlers."
Mr. SPENCER. 1 hope the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa will not prevail. The
object of this grant is to help a poor struggling
railroad company, and the land is really worth-
less.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. NYE. I should like to call up the bill
(S. No. 401) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast, by
the southern route," approved July 27, 18CG.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. RICE. Subject to a call for the regular
order, I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that the southern road ?
Mr. HOWARD. This is not the southern
road at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill has been read.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it had better be
read. If I remember the Senate ordered it
to be printed as amended, and I think it had
better be read through as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the bill is printed with the
amendments, and at the request of the Senator
from Iowa it will be read at length. The Chair
understands these amendments have been
merely proposed and not agreed to. The bill
has been printed with amendments.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill
and the amendments reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The first amendment was in section one,
line nine, after the word "by" to insert "the
eighth section ofand in line ten, after the
woid "time," to strike out the words "and
that the conditions and limitations contained
in the eighth and ninth sections of said act be
and the same are hereby declared inoperative;"
ro as to read :
The same shall be held to be a compliance with
the terms and conditions imposed upon said com-
pany by the eighth section of said aet up to that
f line, and no conditions or limitations shall apply to
iinypaitof the lino of paid road west of tlie western
boundary line of said State.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the chairman of
the committee who has reported this bill will
explain the effect of that peculiar language in
the section which has been read. What limita-
tions and conditions are thereby released?
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the statute to
which the Senator refers before me at this
moment, but I have sent for it. I can assure
the Senator, however, that the striking out of
the clause to which he refers confers no essen-
tial benefit upon the company. The bill has
been very carefully considered by the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and these amend-
ments have been suggested after most mature
deliberation.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps in the mean time the
chairman of the^committee can explain the
object of the bill. 1 really am not well acquainted
with the purpose of it. If the chairman will
explain the object, it will be some satisfaction
to me. In looking at the original law, which
I have before me, I see that a certain amount
of road was to be built within a specified time.
Mr. NYE. I have evidence here that that
was done.
Mr. COLE. Why, then, extend the time ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have sent for the statute.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
give way for a moment, I can give ill a word
the history of this matter.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I desire merely
to have some explanation as to the, conditions
and limitations which arc released by this aet.
Mr. NYE. I can state in a moment what
the case is. The aet of July 27, 1SGC, pro-
vided for the construction of a railroad from
Springfield, Missouri, to the Pacific ocean, on
and near the thirty-fifth parallel of latitude,
with a branch road from a point in the valley of
the Canadian to Van Buren, in Arkansas.
Springfield is about one hundred and twenty-
nine miles from Holla, to which point a rail-
road from St. Louis was in operation at the
time the aet was passed incorporating the At-
lantic and Pacific Railroad Company. This
road in Missouri is known as the South Pacific
railroad. The persons owning and control-
lingthe South Pacific railroad of Missouri now
own and manage the Atlantic and Pacific rail-
road.
In order to build the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad it became necessary to construct the
South Pacific railroad to Springfield, the initial
point of the Atlantic and Pacific. The con-
struction of the railroad in Missouri was de-
layed by the action of a company which had
been incorporated previously, and had con-
trolled the road prior to the time it was acquired
by the present company.
The South Pacific railroad was duly organ-
ized under the laws of Missouri, and in the
summer of 1868 proceeded vigorously with the
work. About seventy miles of road to Spring-
field has been exceedingly expensive and diffi-
cult to construct through and over the Ozark
mountains. That road was opened to Spring-
field in April last. The grading of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad was commenced at Spring-
field on the 4th of July, 18G8. The grading
was long since completed to Pierce City, a
distance of fifty-two miles west from Spring-
field, and the locomotive is now running about
forty miles over it; rails are 011 hand and being
laid at the rate of two miles per day. The
road-bed is being rapidly prepared west of
Pierce City, and the track will be laid to
Neosho, which is within about thirteen miles
of the Indian country, early in the autumn of
the present year.
A full eqnipmentof cars and engines has also
been provided.
The eighth section of the aet chartering the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad is as follows :
" That each and every grant, risht, and privilege
herein aro so made and given to and accepted by
said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, upon
and subject to the following conditions, namely,
that the said company shall commence the woik on
said road within two years from the approval of tliH
aet by the President, and shall complete not less
than fifty miles per year after the second year, and
shall construct, equip, furnit'h, and complete tho
main line of the whole road by the 1th day of July,
A. I). 1878."
There was a dispute under tho original char-
ter as to what time that commenced; and in
order to dispel all question upon this subject
I have a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, which I will read if necessary. So they
had complied with the eighth^ section, as we
claim, 011 the 15th of June, within two years
after the charter, by having fifty miles com-
pleted. I have the authority of the Secretary
of the Interior here to that effect.
The company alleges it has complied with
and will comply with all the provisions of its
charter. The work on tho road was com-
menced July 4, 18GS, which was within two
years after the date of the approval of the act.
The language of the next requirement from the
company is that it "shall complete not less
than fifty miles per year after the second
year." The company claims that by this it
was intended that fifty miles should be com-
pleted per year from the end of the second
year after the expiration of the time limited
"for commencing the work. There is an ambi-
guity in the phraseology, and whether the con-
struction of the act as claimed by the company
is right or not, we think the company, by rea-
son of the energy it has displayed, should have
the benefit of the construction as claimed by it,
and that Congress should remove the ambigu-
ity of the eighth section, as was done by joint
resolution of July 1, 18GS, in reference to tho
Northern Pacific railroad. In that instance
the word "thereafter" was added after the
words "the second year," in the eighth sec-
tion of the aet incorporating the Northern
Pacific railroad; the portion of which section
referring to the time for commencing work,
and tho time for completing certain portions
of road, is verbatim as the eighth section of
the act incorporating the Atlantic and Pacific,
Railroad Company.
The distance from Springfield to the western
line of the State of Missouri is about eighty-
eight miles. Tho lino of road, as located,
strikes the western line of Missouri where the
lands of tho Wyandotts, Quapaws, Senecas,
Shawnees, and other small tribes of Indians
join the State line. Circumstances may re-
quire the line of road to deflect a little to the
north or south of the present location, accord-
ing as arrangements can be made with either
tribe of Indians for the right of way. The
right of way through the lauds of these Indi-
ans has not, been acquired by the Government.
As soon as it can lawfully be done the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company will enter this
Indian country. Now, as tho right of way is
not acquired for the road in the Indian coun-
try, the company asks to bo relieved of the
requirement to construct tho fifty miles per
year of road beyond tho western line of Mis-
souri, because of the obstacles in the Indian
country. In effect, the company asks that the
operations of this provision of the act be sus-
pended till the right of way shall be acquired.
As these obstacles exist by no act of the com-
pany, and are not caused by any delay on its
part, and is a matter which the company can-
not control, the request is reasonable.
The Government has disposed of inanv of
its lands on the line of the road and within the
boundaries of its grant. By reason 01'this dis-
posal of the lands the company obtains less
than one half of the lands iu Missouri called
for 111 its grant.
The Atlantic and Pacific railroad aet does
not prescribe when its branch road shall I.e
completed; the right of way through the In-
dian country has not been acquired for built
the main line and the branch road. The pio-
visions of the bill secure the early completion
of the branch road. The cost of the first por-
tion of this branch will be great, bv reason ot
bridges and heavy grades 011 the "more desir-
able line. The amount to be invested will be
a guarantee that to obtain returns forthc mon^y
put into the construction of the first twenty
miles the company will proceed to build as
rapidly as possible the remaining portion (if
the branch road to a connection with the main
line and with the roads running north and
