492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
has never applied for his certificate of election
at all; the other upon applying for his certifi-
cate was refused. Surely, sir, there is nothing
in these .facts to furnish any justification for
imposing upon Virginia the conditions of this
bill, but the contrary.
.The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
did indeed tell us that there were—I think he
said sixty or seventy—State judicial officers to
be chosen, and that among the candidates for
these positions were men who could not take
the oath prescribed by this bill. But what of
that, sir ? There is nothing in the past of Vir-
ginia to indicate that such candidates would,
as he declared, be certainly elected. And what
of it, sir, even if they should be? What rea-
son is there for assuming that men who had
taken an oath to support the Constitution as it
was before the war, and then taken part in
the rebellion, would be now less faithful to
the Constitution as it is than the men who took
part in the rebellion without having taken that
oath?
From the establishment of the Constitution
down to the war there had been differences
about the construction and disputes about the
obligations of the Constitution. The Virgin-
ians believed it should have one interpreta-
tion ; we of the North believed it should have
another. Unable to convince each other by
argument, the sections undertook to subdue
each other by force, that ultima ratio regum.
In that discussion we have prevailed ; to that
argument the people of Virginia have submit-
ted. Unable to establish the form of govern-
ment they believed in, they have submitted to
the form of government we have established;
have not only submitted, but have complied
with every condition and met every obligation
which Congress has prescribed. To assume
that they will not do this hereafter; to assume
that men who held office and then fought are
now less honest in their submission, or less
likely to maintain the faith they are now pre-
pared to plight than men who had never held
office and yet fought, seems to me to be an
assumption without warrant and without cause.
Doubtless these people of Virginia were
honest in their convictions before the war,
doubtless they were wrong; but that those of
the people who before the war had taken an
oath to support the Federal Constitution con-
strued that Constitution differently from their
neighbors, or felt themselves to be under dif-
ferent obligations in respect of it, cannot, I
think, be maintained. And if this be so, then
the first condition of this bill is without reason,
unnecessary, uncalled for, and offensive.
As regards_ the second condition, which
provides that in certain respects the constitu-
tion of Virginia shall never be changed, I
agree with xny colleague from New York that
it is both unconstitutional and nugatory.
Mr. Speaker, to make a people truly loyal
they must be treated justly, considerately,
kindly. No man can be made to love a gov-
ernment which abuses and oppresses him, and
no man ought to love such a government.
From the time of Pharoah to the time of
Grant oppression has been tried as a means of
making really loyal citizens, and has failed to
make them. Indeed, it always will fail; and
if that fundamental doctrine of our people, that
all just powers of government depend upon the
consent of the governed, is a sound doctrine,
it always ought to fail.
Since this Government was established no
party ever had such an opportunity as the
ilepublican party. It had directed the forces
with which the people had put down the rebel-
lion. It had thus absorbed the credit which
belonged so largely to the Democratic masses
in the rank and file of the Army. It need only
to have treated the South with a wise mag-
nanimity and generous confideacc, to have won
their hearts and their devotion ; to have saved
the Union as it was and the Constitution us
our fathers gave it; and to have wielded the
control of the country by the willing votes of
a majority of this whole people for.the rest of this
generation. But, pray, how is it now, sir ? The
South, outragedand distrustful, sullenly submits
to what it cannot avoid, without confidence in
the present or hope in the future. Congress
constructs and reconstructs and again re-recon-
structs ; makes promises which it hesitates to
keep, and after every performance imposes new
and harder conditions; like Pharoah, more
unwilling each day to let the people go free;
while instead of the Union of our fathers and
that blessed Constitution under which these
States were so long and so prosperously bound
together, we have a system of consolidated and
centralized government in which the States of
the Union are being degraded to be provinces;
to be henceforth, as the gentleman from Wis-
consin declared, "little more than counties."
Sir, if this is to be the result of the war, I
submit that the war was hardly worth the hav-
ing. If this is to be its result, then it neither
succeeded in saving that for which the people
fought, nor in giving us instead something bet-
ter than that which we tried to save.
I know the gentleman from Wisconsin tells
us that it will be for those who live after us to
decide whether this consolidated and central-
ized Government is or is not better than the
system of limited and localized government
which our fathers established. Alas! I think
that this can even now be decided. Every day,
as it seems to me, now testifies to their wisdom
and to our folly. Every day indicates how much
better and happier the people were under their
limited and localized system of government
than under the consolidated and centralized
system which is replacing it. The vast growth
and natural advantages of the country have, i n-
deed, made us richer and more powerful than
ever before; but are we wiser, better, or happier
than our fathers? Are the masses more con-
tent ; are rights more secure; the laws more
wisely framed or better administered; our coun-
try more respected for its virtues abroad or
more cherished at home, than in the days of
our fathers? Ah, sir, who of us does not real-
ize the contrary 1 Throughout ten States of
this Union the bayonet and the test-oath crush
out the heart and the confidence of the people;
while throughout the rest of the land specula-
tion, extravagance, disregard of the rights of
others, disrespect of law, and corruption pre-
vail.
No,_ Mr. Speaker; let us deal justly; nay,
even, if it be so considered, generously with
Virginia. Let us welcome back the mother of
States as the equal, the unconditional equal in
all respects of her sisters; and, recalling all
the great memories of her past, let us hope with
her presence for juster and for better days.
Mr. BECK. I now yield three minutes to
thegentlemanfromPennsylvania, [Mr. Stiles,]
and will afterward give the rest of my time to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, under the rules
here, arbitrary, perhaps, I am allowed but
three minutes in the debate upon this import-
ant bill. The Radical party, under its then
distinguished leader, Mr. Thaddeus Stevens,
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, passed a law
.dividing the State of Virginia. Against that
unlawful and unconstitutional measure I then
voted; and I am here, sir, to-day to vote for
the constitutional admission of the remaining
portion of that ancient Commonwealth. The
Radical party was not then divided ; but hap-
pily for the country we find it divided to-day,
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] leading one part of this faction and
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Fakkswokth] another portion of it. In this
condition of this divided family there is some
hope for the nation and for the liberties of the
people. The one class say that Virginia should
be admitted without condition; the other that
•she should be admitted with shackles upon and
around her. The attitude of the Republican
parly and the position they occupy to-day are,
I think, forcibly illustrated in the following
lines of a distinguished poet with- reference to
another distinguished poet: r= •-
" Lord o'er the greatest, to .the least a slave'.
Haifweak, half strong, half timid, and half- brave;
To take compliment of too muoh pride, . -
And yet most hurt when praises were denied.
Thou art so deep discerning, and yet so blind.
So learned, so ignorant, and yet so kind ;
So good, so bad, so foolish, and so wise,
By turns I love thee and by turns desjfise.
[Laughter.]
I shall vote for the unconditional admission
of Virginia.
Mr. WOOD. I gave notice on the introduc-
tion of this bill that I should move to strike
out all after the first seetion. I now withdraw
that amendment, intending as I do to support
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bktgham.J
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.] ~
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, lam sorry to
trouble the House on this question again, and
I certainly should not do so were it not for tfce
fact that some of my friends seem disposed, for
some reason or other unknown to myself, to
place me in a position where I have not placed
myself. I cannot sympathize with some of the
remarks which have been made in regard to
Virginia, that she ought to be admitted be-
cause she is the "Old Dominion," or because
she has been in the past history of the Govern-
ment prolific in statesmen or warriors; nor do
I wish to admit her because of her present
weakness and her failure in past years to pro-
duce any marked statesmen or warriors. I am
for the admission of Virginia upon a very dif-
ferent ground. Nor, sir, do I desire to call to
my aid any of the blood shed on either side in
the unfortunate controversy which has just
been closed, although I might speak from as
extended an experience as some'other gentle-
men upon this floor, especially the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] who extended so
little courtesy to me when he occupied the
floor.
Having only ten minutes, I have no time to
discuss this great question of the constitntional
rights of the Government and the States. I
shall not therefore attempt to enter into any
elaborate discussion of the power of Congress
to reach out its arm over and above a State.
I believe that Congress has the power to affix
certain conditions to the admission of a State
into the Union. I believe it has the power to
do that; but while I admit that it has the power,
I say there are times when we should ask our-
selves this question, whether it is proper to do
so or not ?
Now, sir, I intend to vote for the joint reso-
lutionfor the admission of Virginia to repre-
sentation in Congress submitted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bikoham,] which
imposes no further conditions. If I cannot get
that, then I will take the next best thing for the
purpose of accomplishing her admission. Why
do I do this? I do it not because I have any
hatred rankling in my bosom against any man *
upon the face of the earth, a,nd not because I
have any love or admiration for any one above
or beneath the earth. It is not for any such
reason; but because the honor of this House
nation is pledged to the admission of
the State of Virginia on the proposition as pre-
sented by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham. ] Mr. Speaker, we passed a bill through
this Congress proposing conditions for the ad-
mission of Virginia into the Union. We passed
a law m which those conditions were specifically
set forth. _ The time for the election in the State
ot V irgmia was postponed for certain reasons;
but it was finally held, and she complied with
those conditions, every one of them, one after
the other, as proposed by the Congress of the
United States. When we assembled here the
president notified us by message that Virginia
nad complied with each and every condition-
precedent fixed by the Congress of the United
states, and was therefore in a condition under
