1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2749
Government. The two go together. They are
the old and the new, both testaments, both scrip-
tures: and thonewmustbeinterpretedby the old,
unless the dogma of the Senator, borrowed from
slavery, should find acceptance, and it is sol-
emnly recognized that what we have been taught
to be self-evident, guiding truths, are only '' the
generalities of a revolutionary pronuncia-
mento." I believe no- such thing, and I know
how history is to record all this. That Declara-
tion isa title deed. Nothing that can now be said
can weaken its authority; no objurgation, no
assault, no allegation of its revolutionary char-
acter will impair its great and enduring author-
ity. There it is, never to be altered, never to
be amended. The Constitution may bealtered
and amended, but this great Declaration can
never be touched. For weal or woe, it will
live forever with the life of the Republic, im-
mortal as the Republic itself, of which it is the
greatest part. Take the Declaration away, and
what is this country of ours? Spacious, popu-
lous, rich, without the inspiration of great
ideas. It is these ideas that the Senator from
Wisconsin now tries to degrade.
I am sorry, sir—I regret that I am obliged
to make these remarks. I do it very reluc-
tantly; I wish it were otherwise. But I had
no alternative. The Senator, assuming the
antiquated, well-worn, and now blood-bespat-
tered garments of John C. Calhoun, rises con-
stantly in this Chamber to declaim against con-
ditions upon States, to declaim against limita-
tions upon States, and then, at last, in his
madness, like his South Carolina predecessor,
assails the Declaration of Independence itself,
and in one word, which sums up the whole
case, undertakes to set up State rights against
human rights.
Vaiu task! The day has passed for any
such effort. The Senator is too late; the idea
that he champions was buried under the apple
tree of Appomattox. [Applause in the gal-
leries.] Whoso undertakes to dig it up and
plant it anew will find that he fails. Whoso
attacks the self-evident truths of the great
Declaration, or the grand idea of human rights
as the corner-stone of republican government,
and, therefore, always under the guardianship
of Congress, must fail. The Senator with all
his ability and with all his eloquence will find
himself in the situation of that somewhat
famous character whose gun,
"When aimed at duck or plover,
Kicked back and knocked its owner over."
[Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tiiayep.
in the chair.) Order will be maintained iu
the Chamber.
Mr. CARPENTER obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the galleries be
cleared where that noise look place. Mr.
President, it was repeated. Itcameinasmall
sound first a short time ago ; and when the
Senator from Massachusetts closed his speech,
it was renewed with more loudness. Men who
come here and behave in that way do not de-
serve to sit. in the gallery of this Chamber, and
ought to be expelled from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those in the
gallery 
Mr. CARPENTER. I trust the galleries
will not, be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The applause
in the galleries was certainly in violation of
order, and, unless the Senator from Kentucky
insists upon his motion being executed, the
Chair wiil remind those in the galleries that it
will be enforced immediately if there is a repe-
tition of any disorder.
Mr. DAVIS. I will withdraw the motion,
with the remark that men who behave that way,
that are blackguards, ought not to be allowed
to attend the debate of an American Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is a
remarkable man ; and the speech he has just
delivered is perhaps tlie most remarkable and
characteristic of his performances. For several
weeks the power of Congress to impose funda-
mental conditions upon States to be admitted,
which, if valid, limit the power of States as
determined by the Constitution, has been the
subject of debate in the Senate. First Vir-
ginia, then Mississippi, and then Georgia, has
been the occasion of the attempt on the part
of some Senators to impose such conditions.
On a former occasion after I had submitted a
few remarks upon that subject, based upon the
Constitution, the Senator from Massachusetts
with ostentation of that learning which he con-
stantly tries but does not always succeed in
concealing, sent to the Library for a copy 'of
the Declaration of Independence, and read
some of its trite and familiar paragraphs as a
reply to an argument based upon specific pro-
visions of the Constitution.
During the discussion iu regard to Missis-
sippi I had the honor to address the Senate, and
made an argument, fallacious and unsound it
may be, but still an argument, based upon the
Constitution, to show that Congress possessed
no power to impose these conditions. This
argument no one attempted to answer ; but the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] and the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Moktojt] denounced
it as a reproduction of the nullification doctrine
of Mr. Calhoun; and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. SuiiNBU,] in a speech which
everybody understood to bo intended for my
benefit—although he did not refer to me in
words—followed in a similar strain of depreca-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. When was that? What
was the date?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not remember the
date; the Senator from Massachusetts probably
remembers the speech to which I refer as well
as I do.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not remember it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will try to refresh
your recollection.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator has the
speech I wish he would give the date.
Mr. CARPENTER. I would if I had the
speech, but I have not. I have an extract
from it, however, which I will read:
"Throughout tho long struggle anterior to the
rebellion, and then throughout tho rebellion itself,
slavery had two voices by which it was heard iu tins
Chamber and in the country. The first was that by
which its continued existence was vindicated, or, if
you please, tiio right of slavery; tho other was that
of State rights. JJy these two voices was slavory
heard. Happily, tho first is silenced; but tho other
is still sounding anions us, crying out against thoso
generous efforts by which human rights are assured.
"I am not wrong in this statement. From the
beginning it lias been tho same, llow often"—-
The Lamentations of Jeremiah are feebleness
itself compared to this wail of the Senator from
Massachusetts:
*' How often in times past liavo wo lieard tho cry
of Stato rights! At every proposition concerning
slavery, at the presentation of every petition against
this tyrannical wrong, at every allusion to it, the cry
was heard; and when the rebellion broke forth tho
same cry was raised against thoso great measures of
sell-defense by which slavery, our real enemy, was
assailed; and then, at each stage of reconstruction,
it was the same. Not a measure of reconstruction
which has not encountered this pretension of Stato
rights. It broke forth in the Virginia debate. It
breaks forth on the present occasion. Again wo hear
the voice of slavery."
Subsequently, during the debate upon this
Georgia bill, it so happened that the Senator
from Massachusetts and myself both intended
to address the Senate upon the same morning.
He obtained the floor first, and attempted to
answer the objections wMch had been made to
the power of Congress to impose these funda-
mental conditions, and to continue tho Legis-
lature of Georgia 1'or two years beyond the
term for which they were elected by the people,
and for two years beyond the term fixed by
the constitution of that State under which
they had been elected. The great question
under discussion related to the constitutional
power of Congress in the premises, and to this
question the Senator from Massachusetts pre-
tended to direct his speech, which was care-
fully prepared, and read from print.
Immediately after the Senator concluded his
speech I obtained the floor, and before pro-
ceeding to the subject which I intended to dis-
cuss I replied briefly to his speech, and there
the matter ended. But now the Senator from
Massachusetts, having with true Pnritan pre-
meditation nursed his wrath, comes here to
complain of my extempore reply to his speech.
Referring to the Senator's speech, and re-
membering his having read the Declaration of
Independence upon a former discussion of the
same question, 1 summed up upon his sources
of congressional power, and stated in substance
that the Senator claimed that whatever ought
to be done Congress had the power to do ; that
he scorned to seek authority in the Constitu-
tion, but sought it in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and if not to be found there, then
he turned to the phrase e pluribus unum as a
last resort. Of this the Senator complains,
and says that I misrepresented him. When I
replied to the Senator's speech of course I did
not have it before me. I characterized it by the
impression I had received from listening to it.
But, Sir, I now have the reported speech
before me; and the Senator to-day has read
sufficiently from his former speech to show
that I did neither misunderstand nor misrep-
resent him.
Bear in mind, the precise question was
whether Congress possesses the power which
we aro disputing. Claiming that Congress has
such power, tho Senator proceeded to point out
its sources. Ho first referred to the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments ; but it is too evident
to require argument that neither of these amend-
ments has the slightest application to tho sub-
ject. The firstsection of the fourteenth amend-
ment is as follows:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to tho jurisdiction thereof, aro
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No Stato shall mako or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States; nor shall any State
deprive anyporsonof life,liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction tho equal protection of tho
laws."
The second section relates to the apportion-
ment of Representatives in Congress ; the third
section relates to the eligibility of Senators and
Representatives ; and the fourth section relates
to the rebel and national debt.
The fifteenth amendment is as follows :
" The right of citizens of tho United States to voto
shall not be denied or abridged bytheUnitedStates,
or any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
Referring to these amendments the Senator
said;
" Do you ask whero these powers aro found? Of
course, in the two constitutional amendments already
proclaimed, being amplo sourcos if none others
existed. Out of these Congress is authorized to do
all that is needed to enforco emancipation and to
protect the rights of tho citizen. This is plain—vory
plain."
It is plain, very plain, to the commonest
understanding that neither of these amend-
ments has the slightest application to the ques-
tion under discussion. And notwithstanding
the broad assertion of tho Senator to the con-
trary, he seems not to have been satisfied him-
self with the effect of these amendments, the
application of which, by the way, he did not.
attempt to point out; and he proceeded to say
that there are three other sources each of which
is overflowing with power in this behalf. I
quote:
" Tho first is from the necessity of tho ease, ex
necesfUate rci."
The second source he described as follows:
"Then comes tho 'guarantee elausc,' which is
another bountiful, all-sufficient fountain."
The third source of power lie stales as fol-
lows :
" Do you ask for tho power in tho Constitution to
enter into a State and establish republican govern-
ment? I give it to you in an immortal text. To
question it is to show an ignorance of language, which
in this case is clear beyond criticism, and an ignor-
ance also of the true genius of American institutions,
where unity of rights i3 the Alpha and tho Omega.
The national motto, c piuribuv unum, is another ex-
