1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3693
the owners of the steamer Monitor might be
entitled to by reason of its being fired into.
Mr. Pruyn, writing to Secretary Seward in
respect to this convention, said:
"In eithercase provision will bo made for reason-
able indemnity sustained by the Wyoming and Mon-
itor, and for the insult to our flax offered by the
attack on those vessels."
Of course any payment in the shape of rep-
aration for insults offered to our flag by the
attack on those vessels would go to the Gov- j
ernment; but the damage that was actually ;
sustained by this steamer by reason of that
firing is of course included in this convention.
The bill provides simply that the Secretary of
State shall ascertain th  actual damage occa-
sioned by the shot from the batteries, and shall
pay the damage. When it thus appears by the ;
correspondence connected with the convention
that the damage sustained by this steamer was
intended to be included in this indemnity fund,
it appears to me that neither the Committee
on Foreign Affairs nor the. House is at liberty
to say to these gentlemen representing the par-
ties who owned the Monitor that they shall not
have any opportunity to present their case to
the Secretary of State and show what the actual ;
damage was. 1
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] who, I understand,
wish es to ask me a question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would be glad if the
gentleman would inform the House, whether
Mr. Pruyn does not speak of this as a claim
which he would not press upon the Japanese
Government at all—a claim which he would
not deem it proper to consider ?
Mr. CULLOM. Yes; and this claim only
grows up after the accruing of that fund which
somebody wants to get at in preference to
havingit turned into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And somebody has
bought this claim as a speculation, to press it
on the attentipn of Congress. I ask the gen-
tleman whether this Government has ever paid,
any claim of this description ?
Mr. WILLARD. I will answer the gentle-
man from Ohio in a moment. In the first place,
I wish to say that the allegation that this claim
was not thought of at all till this Japanese fund
was obtained is answered by the letter of Mr,
Pruyn accompanying the treaty itself. In that
letter Mr. Pruyn says:
" Provision will be made for reasonable ijidamnitsr
for injuries sustained by. the Wyomjwc and Monitor.
That shows conclusively that in, the negotia-
tions themselves the injury sustained by the
Monitor was considered.
It is said that this claim has been bought up
by parties on speculation. I do not know how
much parties may have paid on a speculation;
but I am very sure that if they paid very much
it will prove a losing speculation, provided the
Secretary of State pays only what the bill con-
templates.
Mr. BENTON. How does it appear by the
letter of Mr. Pruyn that any claim was made
on the part of the owners of the Monitor before
this fund was paid over?
Mr. WILLARD. This letter from Mr.
Pruyn to Mr. Seward is dated October 29,1804.
The treaty was entered into October 22, 1864.:
Mr. BENTON. Exactly; but how does that
show that any claim-was made on the part of
the owners of the Monitor before that time?-
Mr. WILLARD. It occurs to me, - Mr.
Speaker, that if Mr-. P#oyn, out minister to
Japan, had not at that time been aiware that
the owners of the Monitor made claim for
damages, he would not have been very likely
to write to our Government that those dam-
ages were included in that indemnity fund. It
is clear that there had been correspondence
between Mr. Pruyn and the Japanese Govern-
ment in respect to these insults to our flag and
the damage our commerce had suffered,-and
that the treaty was intended to cover precisely
those cases.
Mr. BENTON. If I understand, this is a
mere inference of the gentleman from Vermont
from the correspondence between the Secretary
of State and Mr. Pruyn.
Mr. WILLARD. If the gentleman from
New Hampshire thinks that we are at liberty
to infer from what Mr. Pruyn himself states
of his own information that there must have
been some claim for damages; if that is what
he calls an inference, perhaps this is one. Mr.
Pruyn would not have made a claim for dam-
ages unless some one made a claim on him.
The report and correspondence will show to
any one who will take the trouble to read them
that Mr. Pruyn himself thought there was no
particular equity in this claim.
Mr. BENTON. Was any testimony sub-
mitted to the committee to show that there
were any actual damages?
. Mr. ELA. I judge from the report of the
committee there is no foundation for the claim;
and let me ask whether it will not cost more
for this machinery to ascertain any damage
than for us to buy the steamer?
Mr. WILLARD. The substitute provides
that the Secretary of State shall only take testi-
mony if he thinks the interest of the United
States requires it. In that respect it is differ-
ent from the Senate proposition. It negatives
the idea that the expenses in regard to this
claim, so far as the Secretary of State shall
authorize them, are to come out of this fund
at all.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to move to lay this upon the table?
Mr. WILLARD. No, sir. I now yield to
the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say something on
this matter, and I hope the House will hear me.
In the first place I have a general knowledge
of the subject-matter. I know the party-claim-
ant and the reason for his claim. He virtually
was the owner of the steamer at the time of
the injury. His name is Nathaniel G. Miller,
of Portland, a respectable merchant. He was
indueed to go into this trade, and he was' vir-
tually the owner of the steamer. There is no
purchase of a claim and coming before Con-
gress to make'money out of it.
I wish to say farther that it is a small' claim.
I know heretofore he tried to get consequential
damages, which are large, in addition to what
might be callecj the legal direct damages, which
are small. The bill is so guarded by the amend-
ment of the! House committee,in then attire of
a substitute, that the claimant is only to have
the direct legal damages resulting from the
firing upon the steamer by these two Japanese
forts. This claim was .indorsed unanimously,
I may be allowed to say, by the Committee on
Foreign Relations of the Senate, and it was
passed by the Senate without opposition. The
substitute now pending is presented by the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of this House.
Now,'sir, what is this for? It is a claim for
damages resulting to that steamer from going
into this port find being fired on by Japanese
forts. The question has been asked, why did
she go in there 1 Becanse she was out of coal
and out of water. Was not that an absolute
necessity? Wad not there absolute distress?
Would she not have had tlie right to go into
any place under God's heavens under such cir-
cumstances? The committee have informed
the House that the fact3 have been made out
to their satisfaction that the steamer Was out
of coal and out of water.
1 want to know if we are going so far with
this Japanese fund as to pay our soldiers and
sailors in the last war for gallant service, who
had no connection with it, and refuse to pay
this private individual whp comes here and
makes this complaint, and puts in his proof
of legal direct damages, when there is a pro-
vision in the very language of the treaty itself
that he shall have this compensation. There
is money in the Treasury for this purpose, an
excess of money. The facts are shown to us
by the proofs in the case. They are indorsed
by the committees of the two Houses. They
are shown to be true by the correspondence of
our minister resident. I know there is a little
carping in the House on account of the phrase-
ology used by Mr. Pruyn in one part of his
report; but taking together what he has said
at all times, he indorses the claim. He has
told us that this claim is included in the treaty.
He has told us that the owners of this boat
undertook to go into a harbor in distress.
But I should like to ask what possible motive
they could have had in undertaking to go into
a port, unless there was an absolute, pressing-
necessity for it. These parties should have
been here before. There never has been an
adverse report against them. But since there
has been so much difficulty about it, it is pro-
posed that they shall be allowed for theirclaim
a mere pittance, to wit, the actual direct damage
caused by the firing of the shot.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman inform
us what the actual damage amounts to?
Mr. PETERS. I understand about two thou-
sand dollars. The committee have not named
any particular sum, but provided how tbe dam- •
ages shall be ascertained. The amount may
not exceed $500.
Mr. CULLOM. If I am assured that it will
not exceed $500 I will vote for the bill.
Mr. PETE LIS. That is not fair. Whatever
these parties are entitled to let them receive.
It was but a moment ago that the gentleroah
from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] was on the floor
stating that there was nothing in this bill call-
ing for opposition.
Mr. CULLOM. I did not then know what
bill it wa3; but on inquiry I find that it was a
bill reported against by a committee in the
Fortieth Congress. Ithitik, sir, that it is very
clear that this House does not want to pass a
bill of this nature. There is no good founda-
tion for the claim. There is no good reason
for granting it. Mr. Pruyn stated that he did
not expect to present this claim to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to repeat that this
claim was never reported ^gainst.
Mr. CULLOM. I undertake to say that
this bill was before the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee in the last Congress, and that a mem-
ber of that committee was ready, on behalf of
the committee, to report against the bill. Wheit
it is in order I shall move to lay this bill on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there
is a distressing circumstance connected with
this affair—the existence of this Japanese
fund—and it will continue to create a good
deal of distress as long as it is n6t distributed.
I ask, would it not be well for the House at
once to distribute this fund, and put an end to
all this difficulty?
Mr. PETE RS. Pay your1 debts first with it.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has not got the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] I would say
that to dispose of the Japanese fund Is a matter*
of public legislation.- When the Committee
on Foreign Affairs is called upon for reports of
a public nature they will present some propo-
sition with reference to that fund; , But that
cannot be done to-day.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to say a single
word before calling the previous question.-
This Japanese fundf if given to our Gdtern-
ment for any purpose ih the world, was given
to be made use of for such cases as those of;
the Monitor and the Wyoming. Those two
cases are certified in correspondence with the*
Seoretary of State at that time. I tio hot know
for what purpose we got this fund unless it was
for the purpose of paying persons who suffered
damage. Unless we got it for the purpose pf
putting it into the Treasury aud distributing it.
oat among persons who had no Claim under
