1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
act of 1836 was at first but four or five hun-
dred & year. They now amount to over thir-
teen thousand annually; and all that the coun-
try receives as the record of the proceedings
of the Patent Office is the meager information
communicated through these bulky volnmes.
The first purpose, of course, of this printing
and distribution is to enable the country to
understand what the Patent Office ia doing.
The rights of individuals are affected by the
grants there procured; and it is for the con-
venience and protection of the whole country
that sufficient information—which on account
of the source from which it ia issued shall be
of an authentic character—should be given to
the country on this subject. Incidentally, also,
information is given to the inventive minds of
the country. They see what progress is mak-
ing in this or that branch of the useful arts,
and those who are giving their attention to
that subject can learn where to direct their own
study for supposed improvements in the future.
Some degree of information is also given to
those who deal in patents or manufacture
under them. Thus there are two general pur-
poses for this printing and distribution. The
proposed change, it seems to me, benefits the
country in each of these purposes. I therefore
advocate the passage of this joint resolution,
with the amendment proposed by myself, for
these two main reasons: in the first place, it
proposes to place within reach of every in-
ventor in the country a perfect record of the
doings of the Patent Office, so that he shall
not be obliged to correspond with his agent at
Washington or with the Patent Office in order
to learn how to shape his application for a
patent.
Now, it is impossible to ascertain what the
actual state of an art is, so as to be able to
shape a specification for the improvement of
the most common implement or machine, ex-
cept by consulting the records of the Patent
Office or corresponding with some one here.
If the inventor turns to the report as printed
he finds nothing there but the claims in the
specifications of the patentees who have pre-
ceded him. And if he turns to the drawings
he finds but meager etchings, five or six to an
octavo page, of the machines and implements
to whicn the improvement is applicable. Fre-
quently some of these drawings are omitted.
Where there are eight or ten drawings attached
to a specification there may be etchings of bat
one or two in the report. Frequently the let-
tering is omitted from important parts of the
drawings, and no accurate idea can be obtained
from their inspection. If a person looks to the
corresponding claim he finds reference to a
wheel A, or pinion B, or lever C, of which he
can have no idea unless he sees, them on the
■ drawing, and there the letters may be omitted.
Thus these reports as now printed and distrib-
uted more often mislead than correctly guide.
If this proposition is carried out, then we
shall place in the capital of every State, and
in every city where a circuit court of the United
States is held, if it be not held in the capital,
a complete record of; the transactions of the
Patent Office; the specifications in full and
the drawings in full. Then the inventor has
simply to take rail or boat and vigibthe capital
of his State, and he will have the s*me means
of investigating what are the inventions of th.e
country as if he-came to Washington in person.
By the amendment I propose we shall also
furnish an equally perfect record to each pub-
lic library in any part of the United States
which shall pay for its uniform binding and its
transportation to the locality where the library
is situated.
There is another disadvantage in the pres-
ent mode of distribution of this abstract of the
doings of the Patent Office. If they had been
placed from the beginning in public libraries,
or private libraries, or in any place where they
could be accessible as a whole, , they would be
of more value as indexes to what is being done
here.
But as now distributed they are turned over
to members of Congress, so many to each, and
are scattered by them as public documents, not
always to the libraries and not always to the
persons who have been supplied by their prede-
cessors. Thus each one has a broken set. We
might just as well, with a view of disseminat- !
ing information, procure sets of encyclopedias,
and send one volume to one man, and another
to another, and another to a third, and no one
would get a complete set. That is what is being
done now; nor is there any place in any con-
gressional district, unless some library has pre-
served the reports from year to year, where a
person can go to obtain even the meager inform- ,
ation afforded by a complete set of these re- ,
ports. We propose to place within the reach 1
of all the perfect thing ; the specifications as
printed here and the drawings as printed and
recorded here; so that the inventor will have
before him all that he needs to determine what
the place of his invention in the industrial arts
actually is.
In another view this proposed change in the
mode of distribution is equally material and
important. Inventors as a class are poor
men. They seldom have capital to develop
their inventions. It is a necessity of their
condition in life that they must make mer-
chandise of the rights secured to them by law.
.When proposing the use of their inventions to
capitalists engaged in the business to which
their inventions relate they are met by more
than the ordinary caution of capital. What
they have to sell and what the capitalist has
to buy is nothing visible or tangible, but it is
something which derives value from the ideas
of the inventor and the place that is due to
those ideas in the art in which he is working.
In order, then, to satisfy the capitalist that the
invention should be taken up and worked it
must be proved to his satisfaction that the title
of the patentee is good to that which he offers
to sell. If the capitalist has a desire to pur-
chase there is no place, under the present sys-
tem, where he can make inquiries as to the
safety of his investment unless he comes here
to Washington.
The plan now proposed would place within
the reach of purchasers in every State and in
every congressional district the means ftftoak-
ing a complete-examination into the American
title to an invention. If the capitalist takes
np the report as now published and distributed
he finds this vague etching, this meager claim,
which in almost every instance refers to the
full specifications and description, and is not
intelligible to him unless that description is
before him. He has, then, if he uses this
meagre report as an index, to send to Wash-
ington for copies of all patents that seem to
bear on the subject; and that entails a great
deal of expense which the inventor must pay
before he can get the capitalist to listen to his
proposition.
Under out system of granting patents, which
is the American system and is in advance of
any system in the world, a patent is of some
valu & prima fade. It cannot be granted until
some examination is made, more or less per-
fect, according to the discipline of the office j
which I-am happy to say is now more perfect
than ever before; so that when a man has an
invention and has secured a patent for it he
has something which he oan take into the mar-
ket to offer for sale.
But the diffiaalty is not reached by what ia
done in the Patent Office. It lies behind that,
and is what I have endeavored to explain.
The patent itself may be good upon its face;
it may avoid the claims of all preceding'patents.
The invention may be new and useful, but the
extent to which it is new ahd useful can be
ascertained only by an inspection of the entire
record. In order to ascertain the measure of
its value in that particular-art it must be laid
side by side with all that have preceded it.
And then it can be seen how its value may be
affected by existing patents, how it may be
almost destroyed by them, or may be worked
in concurrence with them, or that it must be
avoided altogether; and the means of ascer-
taining this now exists nowhere in the United
States except in the records of the Patent
Office in Washington.
Now, after this mere statement it needs no
argument to show how advantageous both to
the inventor and to the dealer in patents this
change will be. I say this proposed change
has the recommendation of the Committee on
Patents, and has had the recommendation of
of every preceding committee of which I have
been a member. It has been a favorite project
of theirs for years previous to the time when I
was a member of Congress and on that com-
mittee ; but hitherto the expense has always
been in the way.
When Congress, in 1860, authorized the
printing of the specifications of the patents,
it was done in such an expensive manner
that it threatened to exhaust the whole Patent
Office fund, and the authority was therefore
repealed; and when afterward the Commis-
sioner became satisfied that he was authorized
to print the specifications of patents, and the
work was turned over to the Government Print-
ing Office, it was found that it could be done
within the means of the Patent Office; but
I two years ago, when in the progress of inven-
tions, inventors submitted to the Patent Office
i specimens of their art, and said that they could
furnish for fifteen cents each drawing which
usually cost from a dollar to a dollar and a
half, we hoped it was within the meam of
that institution to adopt this change; but in
the judgment of the Commissioner of Patents
and of the committees of this House the fig-
ures would not warrant the adoption of that
plan at that time.
I But such progress has since been made, and
thereby testimony has been given of the value
of our system of patents, that in less than two
years these very persons now come to the
Commissioner of Patents and to the Com-
mittee on Printing and say they can furnish
these drawings, ordinarily costing a dollar
or a dollar and a half or more, at five cents
per copy for a hundred copies for all the
office should require, and additional copies at
thre «ents per copy up to a certain number;
and copies of a small siee, such as is usually
used in libraries, at one and a half cent per
copy. So that we can now place this entire
record in at least one hundred places in the
United States fot less than one half of what
we pay annually for the printing and distribu-
tion of this useless report.
These reports,' meagerasthey are, areprinted
and distributed some two or three years after
the patents are issued. It is said, in favor of
continuing the old system, that the distribu-
tion of these reports among ingeniofas people
stimulates invention. But alniough the in-
tention may be good -tb^ facts do not warrant
such a statement. WMen a person of inventive
mind receives one of those old reports, and
tarns over the drawings and looks at the plates,
his attention may be arrested by some particu-
lar subject, and he may say to himself, " Why,
if this is the state of perfection to which this
art has arrived I can certainly improve upon
it." He then turns his mind to perfecting
something, and after six months or a year ot
study he sends hi# specifications and draw-
ings to the Patent Office only to find out that
he has been preceded by a year or two by some
more industrious inventor. The same idea
' may have occurred to the mind of another per-
son, who has worked upon it more promptly
than he did, perfected his invention more
quickly, and has obtained the protection of
letters-patent before the one who has woiked
upon this slow report has fairly begun.
It is a remarkable fact in the history of this
Patent Office that the more widely a knowl-
edge of what is done there is disseminated the
greater is the number of inventions, and what
the inventive men of this country wish to be
