4638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Indian territory unless they pay for the right
of way, precisely as they would if they ran
through my farm.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then what is
the meaning in the next clause of striking out
the word "no" and leaving it u that patents
for lands shall issue? "
Mr. SHERMAN. That simply says that
patents for the land—there are lands this side
and lands beyond that which will belong to
this company under the provisions of the law—
shall issue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no desire
to embarrass the road; nor do I know the
operation of this exactly. But it has occurred
to me that precisely what the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio apprehends might take place in
this case.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There seems to be a
good deal of complication about the business.
This night was set apart for the Southern Pa-
cific railroad bill, and I call for the regular
order.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina calls for the regular order,
which is Senate bill No. 047, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, California, with
branches and connections, generally known as
the Texas Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. NYE. Will this Atlantic and Pacific
bill be the unfinished business in the morning
hour to-morrow ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be
called up like any other bill.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to-offer an amend-
ment to that bill before it is passed over.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. G47) to
aid the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, Cali-
fornia, with branches and connections.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad report a substitute for the bill.
I suppose the original bill need not be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
bill will not be read unless some one calls for it.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, as
follows ;
That JamesL.Alcorn,James II. Starr,O.C. French,
Silas M. Martin, John M. Corse, George E. AVent-
worth, PowellClavton, John Ray, J.J. lfines, James
h. Hodges, E. G. Barney, John 1). Caldwell, Philip
H. Morgan, Thomas A. Scott, A. C. Babcock, A. C.
(/.■'born, Isaac II. Sturgeon. Thomas Olcott, J. L>.
Cameron, Alva Gage. John Whytock, F. S. Davis. C.
C. Pool, George R. Weeks, Joseph II. Oglesby,Isaac
E. Gate.-!, Ilelos W. Diamonds, M. L. Southworth. J.
C. Kinzey, Nathan Pafton, Webster Flanagan,Wil-
li aw P. Clark, W. IT. Bolton, C. W. Pierce, L. M.
Flournoy. John Lockwood, James W. Bosler, Leon-
ard T. Smith, Charles A. AVeed, Warren Fisher, jr.,
A. P. R. Safford, I). N. Stanton, John F.Trow. N. II.
Decker, Flisha Dyer, llutus Hatch, Jedediah U. La-
f.hrop, Charles Jackson, John T. Spraguo, Frederick
Smyth, Mason W. Benjamin, George Many, John W.
Forney, Joseph R. West, William Shaffer, Samuel
Sloan, Eber B. Ward, Charles C. Trowbridge, B. F.
Allen, Hiram Price, S. S. LMIommedieu, Hush II.
Sloan, William T. Walters, Josiah Bacon, Townsend
Blanchard, B. C. Gilbert, JamesM. Liddie, A. C. Lip-
Samuel Tate, and J. C. Stanton, and all such
other persons^ as shall or may be associated with
them, and their successors, arc hereby creatcd abody
politic and corporate, in tact and in law, by the name
of the Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and shall be
able to sue 'ind be sued, plead and be impleaded, de-
fendand be defendedin all courts of law and equity,
and may make and have a common seal, and the
same alter at their pleasure; and said corporation is
hereby authorized lo lay out, locate, construct, fur-
nish, maintain, operate, and enjoy a continuous rail-
road and telegraph line, with the appurtenances,
namely, beginning at or near Marshall, county of
Ilariison, State of Texas; thence by the most direct
and eligible route, to be determined by said com-
pany, to a point on the. Trinity river,in Texas, to be
selected by said company, near the thirty-second
1-arallel of north latitude; thence by the most direct
and eligible route, to be selected by paid company,
to a point at or near El Paso, on the liio Grande
del Norte; thcnce by toe most direct and eligible
route, to bo selected by said company, through New
Mexico and Arizona, to a point on the Ru> Colorado
nt or near the southeastern boundary ot theState of
California; thenoe by the most direct and eligible
route to San Diego, California. The track upon the
entire line ot said railroad and the tracks of the rail-
roads herein mentioned, connecting therewith, shall
be of uniform width, and the gauge thereof, through-
out the whole extent thereof, and ot said connecting
lines, shall be, and hereby is, established at tour teet
eight and one half inches. The capital stock of said
company shall consist of one million shares ot $100
each, which shall in all respects be deemed personal
property, and shall be transferable in such manner
as the by-laws of said corporation shall provide.
The poisons hereinbefore narued are hereby ap-
pointed commissioners, andshall be called the board
of commissioners of the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and fifteen shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of busmes". The first meeting of said
board of commissioners shall be held within three
months from the passage of this act at such place
and time as said commissioners or a quorum of them
may determine; and a notice ot said meeting, to be
signed by at least ten oi the commissioners named
herein, shall be published daily m the New York
Tribune ior thirty days, and in such other news-
papers as said commissioners may determine, and
no other notice of said meeting shall bo requi-
site. Said board shall organize by the choice from its
number of apicsident, vice president,secretary, and
treasurer; and they shall require from said ti casurer
such bonds as may be deemed proper, and may lrom
timo to timcinerease theamouutthereof. Thopres-
ident and secietaiy oi said board shall call other
meetings, naming the time and place thereof, it
shall be the duty of said board ot commissioners to
open, or cause to be opened, books, at such time and
such places in the United Stales as they or a quorum
of them may determine, within six months alter tho
passage of (his act, to rcccive subscriptions to the
capital stock of said eoi pora-liou; of which opening
ot books the same notice shall bo given as is required
by this section lor the first meeting of said board of
commissioners; and a cash payment ol ten percent,
on all subscriptions shall be made at the time of
subscribing, and be receipted tor by said commis-
sioners. So soon as twenty thousand shares shall in
good faith be subscribed ior, and ten dollars a share
actually paid into the treasury of the company, the
said president and secretary of said board of com-
missioners shall appoint a time and place for (he
first meeting of the subscribers to the stock of said
company, andshall give notice thereof in at lea-st
six daily newspapers in the principal cities, to be
selected by them, at least once a week, and at least
thirty days previous to the day of meeting, and such
subscribers as shall attend the meeting so called,
either in person or by lawful proxy, then and there
shall elect by ballot thirteen directois for said coi-
poration; aud on such election each share of said
capital stock shall entitle the owner thereof to one
vote. The president and secretary of the board ot
commissioners, and incase of their absence or in-
ability, any two of the officers of said board, shall act
as inspectors of said election, and shall certify under
their handsthenames of tho directors elected atsaid
meeting; and thesaid commissioners,treasurer, and
secretary shall then deliver over to said directors all
the properties, subscription books, and other books
in their possession, and thereupon the duties of said
commissioners shallcease; and thereafter tho stock-
holders shall constitute said body politic and cor-
porate. Annual meetings of the stockholders of said
corporation for tho choice of officers, (when they are
to be chosen,) and for the transaction of business,
shall be holden at such time and place and upon
such notice as may bo prescribed by the by-laws.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands is hereby granted to
said Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and its suc-
cessors, for tho construction of a railroad and tele-
graph as proposed; and the right, power, and au-
thority is hereby given to said corporation to take
from the public lands adjacent to the line of said
road earth, stone, timber, and all other materials
lor the construction thereof; said right of way is
granted to said railroad to tho extent of two hundred
feet in width on each side of said railroad, including
all necessary ground for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations. The United States
shall extinguish as rapidly as may be consistent with
public policy and tho welfare ot the Indians the
Indian title to all lands falling under the operations
of this act, and acquired in the donations named in
this act; but a failure so to extinguish tho Indian title
shall not be deemed aground of any claim against
the United States on the part of said company.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That there he,
and hereby is, granted to the said Texas Pacific
llailroad Company, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of said railroad and telegraph line to
tho Pacific coast, and branches, and to secure the
sale, speedy, and economical transportation of all
freight and passengers, but more especially of the
mails, troops, munitions of war. and public stores
thereon, every alternate section of public land of the
United States, not mineral, (except coal and iron
mines,) designated by odd numbers, twenty sections
per mile on each side of such railroad line as such
company may adopt in any Territory, and ten in any
State; and whenever, on the line thereof, the Un iced
States have full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or
otherwise appropriated, and free fiom preemption,
mining, or other rights at the time tho ime of said
road is definitely fixed, and the plat thereof filed in
the Department of the Interior, and whenever, prior
to said time, any of said sections or parts of sections
of'such public lands shall have been granted, sold, re-
served, occupied by homestead settlers, or preempted
or otherwise disposed of, or which are mineral lands
not herein granted, other lands shall be selected by
said company in lieu thereof, under tho direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sections,
and designated by odd numbers, as near the limits of
said alternate sections as practicable, and not more
than ten miles beyond the limits of such alternato
sections: Provided, That if said routoshall be found
upon the line of any other lailroad now existing, to
aid in tiie construction of which lands have been
heretofore actually granted by the United States,
such land shall be deducted from the amount herein
granted, a« faros the routes arc upon the same line.
The said Texas Pacific Railroad Company may con-
solidate, confederate, or associate with any company
or companies, who have leceived grants of lands or
the right of way from the United States, orfrom any
State, which roads connect or shall be connected by
terry or othorvvise with said Texas Pacific lailroad;
Provided .further, That this shall not authorize a con-
solidation with any through railroad line to the
Pacific ocean.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That if by reason
of the near approach of the lino of said road to tho
boundary of the republic of Mexico the number of
alternate sections oi' land to which said company is
entitled cannot be selected northward of said Mexi-
can boundary, the deficiency so occasioned may bo
made up and supplied in any unoccupied and unap-
propriated agricultural lands in odd-numbered sec-
tions nearest to Ihe line of said road on the north-
ward side thereof, within the space of one hundred
miles northwardly oi said Mexican boundaiy, sub-
ject to tho above restriction.-) touching mineral la nds
and lands appropriated fbrhomesteadsorothcrwise.
Sue. 5. And be a father enacted. That whenever
said Texas Pacific Railroad Company shall have
twenty consecutive miles ot any poition of said rail-
road and telegraph line ready for the service con-
templated the President of the United States shall
appoint three commissioner to ex.inline the same;
and if it shall appear that twenty consecutive miles
of said railroad and telegraph Jme have been com-
pleted in a good, substantial, and workmanlike man-
ner, as in all other respects required by (his act, the
commissioners shall so report to the President of
tho United States, and patents o( lands as aforesaid
shall be iv-suod to said company, continuing to said
company the right and title to said lands situated
opposite to and conterminous with said completed
section ol' said road, to the extent and in !hc man-
ner hereinbefore provided ior; and from time to
time, whenever twenty additional consecutive miles
shall have been constructed, completed, and in readi-
ness as afoiesaid, ttien patents shall be issued tosaid
company, convevmg the additional sections of land
as aforesaid, and as soon as eveiy twenty miles of
said road is completed as aforesaid.
Sko. (>. And bo it further enacted, That said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company may issue their first mort-
gage bonds to an amount not exceeding £4'),000 per
mile, having not le.-s than twenty years lo run, wnich
said bonds shall be a first lien on the said road and
the propeity arid equipments of thesame, and .-hall
bear not more than seven per cent, per annum inter-
est, payablo semi-annually in gold, at such times and
places as said company may determine.
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall cause the public lands to
be surveyed for forty mile? m width on each side of
the line of said road, after the general route shall be
fixed, and as last as may be required by the construc-
tion of said railroad; and the provisions of the act
of September, 18-11, granting preemption rights, and
the acts amendatory thereof, and of the act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to act mil settlers on
the public domain," approved May 20. 18G2. and the
amendments thereto, shall be, and tiie same are
hereby, extended to all other lands ot the United
States on the line of said load when surveyed, except
those hereby granted to said company; :md the
reserved alternate sections shall not be sold by the
Government at a puce less than *$2 f<U per at re.
Sit. 8. And bp it .further en<'ct-d, That the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company bo, and hereby is. author-
ized to issue its bonds to aid m the construction aud
equipment of its road, and to secure the same by
mortgage on its propel tv and lights of pi operty of aU
kinds and description.-^, real, personal, and mixed, in-
cluding its iianchise as a corporation ; and as proot
and notice of its legal execution and efiectuaJ deliv-
ery, said mortgage shall be filed and recorded in tno
office of the Secretary of tiie interior: Ptovuldf,
That alt lands hereby granted to said Texas Pacific
Railroad Company which shall not ho sold or dis-
posed of or which remain subject to the mortgage by
this act uuthoii/ed, at the expiration of five years
after the completion of the entire road, shall be tub-
ject to settlement and preemption like other lands
at a price to be paid tosaid company not exceeding
$2 50per acie, the proceedsto be applied to the pay-
ment of such mortgage; and if the mortgage hereby
authorized shall at any time be enforced by ibre-
closuie or other legal proceeding, or the mortgage
lands hereby granted, or any of them, be sold by ino
trustees to whom such mortgage may be executed,
either at its maturity or ior any tail ure oi deuuit oi
said company under the terms theieoi, such lands
shall be sold at private sale, place* within s.io
Slates and Territories m which they >haif be >i: uai e,
alter not less than sixty days' p. evious no'ioe. in
single sect ions or s ubdi vis ions thoi eol, Jo tbc highest
and best bidder: Provided J a,rthey, That in the con-
struction ot the said raihoad American uon or v ,vl
only .--hall be u.-ed, tho same tub*., manuiactu* ed i r<<m
American ores exeia.n*-o>y.
S:-:t\',) And Oriffui thir <>u<u:ted. That flic said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company be, and hereby is, author-
ized to enter upon, purchase, take, aud liuld any
lands or preuiUes that inav bo necessary and proper
ior tho construction and working of said road, not
