8694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
the treaties, the parties here asking to be heard
have a right to be heard, and to go before the
Secretary of State, or before some competent
tribunal, and present their claims. We bring
in here a resolution limiting the payment to
the actual damages caused by the shot, which
in this case may not be more than $500. I
insist that if the fund is held by our Govern-
ment for any purpose it shall be held for such
a purpose as that. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The question was put on Mr. Cullom's mo-
tion, that the bill be laid on the table; and
there were, on a division—ayes 65, noes 41;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Cullom and Mr.
willard.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 46.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
■also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
1I0011S 0? MEETING AND ADJOURNMENT.
■ Mr. DAWES. Desiring to dispense with
the necessity of evening sessions, I wish to
propose to the House to meet earlier, under a
rule which would require the House to adjourn
at five o'clock in the afternoon. I therefore
move the following resolution:
Jtetoteed, That an and after Monday next the
House will meet at half jpajt ten o'clock a. in. and
adjourn at five o'clock p. m.
This will leave it in the power of the House
to adjourn earlier on any dav, if it should so
decide, but will require an adjournment at five
o'clock..
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest'to the
gentleman that he should provide for a recess
at some time between twelve and one. .
Mr. DAWES. That occurred to me, but
Upon.further reflection and, consultation with
members I thiuk it unnecessary. Every one
who desires to take a lunch can do it without
sjk recess.
Mr. BENTON. Tf we meet at ten o'clock,
I would like to know what time there will be
for the committees to meet.
Mr. DAWES.. X think the committees have
pretty much done their work. A few of them,
of course, will have to meet, and they can
have leave to sit during the session? of the
House, to finish up their work. That is the
idea.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts so as to
make the hour of meeting eleven o' clock instead
of half past ten.
Mr  DAWES. The committees can meet in
the evenings if necessity requires it. So far as
my own committee is concerned, I would pre-
fer that it, should meet in the evening rathef
than have meetings of the House in the evening.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I think the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] had
better omit that part of his resolution about
adjourning at five o'clock.. The yeas and nays
may be being called when that hour arrives.
. Mr. DAWES. If the yeas and nays, are
being called the- time will of course be ex-
tended.
, The SPEAKER. It is the uniform construc-
tion that thexall of the yeas and nays cannot
be interrupted- : It has been held so in the,
case -of a recess at half past four o'clock. The
recess is never announced until the roll-call is
completed.
Mr. KELSEY. -Would not this resolution
prevent an adjournment before five o'clock ?
TheSPEAKER. It woold not* It would
be quite competent for the House to adjourn
before five o'clock; but it would be the duty
of the Chair to announce an adjournment at five
o'clock, with the single exception if the roll-
call should be in progress.
Mr. KELSEY. I would ask the gentleman
to allow me to oflfer an amendment to make
the hour of meeting eleven o'clock instead of
half past ten.
Mr. DAWES. I have no choice between
eleven o'clock and half past ten. It occurred
to me that meeting at eleven o'clock would
break in on committee meetings as much as
meeting at half past ten, but as it seems to be
the general desire of the House that we shall
meet at eleven o'clock I will modify my res-
olution in that way.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as
follows:
Retched, That on nDd after Monday next the
Houso will meet at eleven o'clock a. in. and adjourn
at five o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the ruling in regard to the resolution, so that
there may be no misapprehension in regard
to it. It does not deprive the House of the
power to adjourn at any time it chooses, but it
devolves upon the Chair the absolute duty of
adjourning the House at five o'clock.
There being no objection, Mr. Dawes's res-
olution. as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BURDETT. I desire that the House
shall now proceed with the contested-election
case of Newsham vs. Ryan.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the question on its
consideration. I wish to move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on4he consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. BURDETT. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the contested-election
case comes up as unfinished business.
,The SPEAKER. It is not unfinished busi-
ness. The unfinished business is that in which
the House was engaged at its adjournment.
The House was not engaged on this matter at
the time of its adjournment, and it does not
come under that classification.
The question was taken on Mr. Bttrdett's
motion, to proceed to the consideration of the.
contested-election case; and it was agreed to—
ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. BURDETT. How much of the hour
remains?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-five minutes were
consumed in this case yesterday.
, Mr. PETERS. - When is the discussion to
be brought to a close?
Mr. BURDETT. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] for twenty-
five minutes, and at the end of that time I will
ask the previous question.
Mr. VOORHEES. A word in regard to
the understanding between the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Burdett] and myself. I was
to occupy an hour. I spoke fifteen minutes
y.esterday. That gives me forty-five minutes.
Mr. BURDETT. I proposed to allow the
other side one hour.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, I believe I occu-.
pied only-fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman occupied
twenty minutes.
Mr. VOORHEES. Did I? Very well;
then I have forty minutes. I yield njjw to my
friend from Ohio, {Mr. Mungen,] who wishes
to ask a parliamentary question
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to know, of the
Speaker, who is chairman of the Committee on
the Rules, if the com mittee are ever going to
report on my case in regard to. my Bpeech on
Cuba? I would like to know if they are ever
going to report or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not prepared
to answer the question of the gentleman, nor
is it a proper question to address to the Chair.
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 want to be respectful.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not doubt
the intention of the gentleman to be respect-
ful ; bnt the question is not one which should
be addressed to the Chair.
Mr. MUNGEN. I think I have some rights
in the matter.
ELECTION CONTEST NEWSIIAM VS. IlYAN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case of Newsham vs. Ryan,
from the fourth congressional district of the
State of Louisiana.
The resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections were as follows:
Resolved, That Michael Ryan is not entitled to a
scat as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from tho lourth district of Louisiana.
l!e olved. That J. P. Newshain is entitled to a scat
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the fourth district of Louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. KERR. Before my colleague [Mr.
Voorhees] proceeds I olfer the following as a
substitute for the resolutions reported from the
majority of the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Michael Ryan is entitled to a seat
in this Houso as a Representative from the fourth
congressional district of the State of Louisiana in
tho Forty-First Congress, and ought to be now
admitted thereto.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am perfectly aware,
Mr. Speaker, of the ungracious task I enter
upon to-day. It is a worn and threadbare
subject; so much so that even good men on
both sides who desire to do what is right are
much too prone, 1 apprehend, to follow their in-
clinations rather than their intelligent judgment,
formed by an examination of the facts in the
case. And yet how important are these matters.
A contested-election case is important, not
merely to the individuals who may meet here
and who will go hence directly, who will soon
part from us never perhaps to return again.
It is important in that respect; but it is still
more so in respect to the people who have sent
their Representative here in accordance with
their own choice. It is important, according to
the theory and principles of our Government,-
which is founded upon the consent of the gov-
erned. And one of the evils attending a'large
legislative body like this is the impossibility
of doing absolute and exact justice in cases of
this kind even when we do the best we can. I
am full well aware of that fact. That may in
some degree account for the unbroken line of
decisions which this House has made ever since
1 had the honor of becoming a member of it,
now nearly ten years ago.
-It is a wonderful spectacle that during the
last ten years,-in the repeated decisions of this
Housey it has been uniformly decided in one
way. No man, either as contestant or con-
testee, who has been so unfortunate as to enter-
tain my political sentiments, has ever been
sworn at that desk at the close of a contested-
election case. Now and then a district has
been declared vacant.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean
the House to take th& statement he has just
made as absolutely true?
Mr. VOORHEESi I believe it is.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr.,VOORHEES^ If I am mistaken, and
can be convinced of it, I will acknowledge it
most cheerfully.
Mr. DAWES. I have not the list of cases
here; but I think the case of Fuller vs. Daw-
son, of Pennsylvania, is one where the Dem-
ocrat was awarded the seat.
Mr. VOORHEES. That ca&e must have
occurred before I became a member of this
House.
Mr. DAWES. I am pretty sure it was within
the last ten years,
Mr. VOORHEES. It may be so, and I
