1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3695
should be glad to find nn exception, in order
to prove tlie rule, for that is about all it can do. I
Mr. DAWES. I nm willing to confess to 1
the gentleman that there is too much truth in :
his statement; but it is not absolutely true.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 do not present this
idea in any spirit of harshness or criticism of
the other side of the House, for possibly if we
were in the ascendency here, we, too, would
lose sight somewhat of the rules of judicial
inquiry. But, for four years that I served as
a member of the Committee of Elections of
this House—and I speak according to my best
recollection—I have no list prepared of the
cases, nor do I care to prepare one, if there is
a case, or two cases out of the whole brigade
that has been mustered and marched up and
down these aisles, forward and ba.ck, it will only
establish the rule by reason of the exception.
But we have recently taken a departure; a
new era has dawned upon us. To the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] who is the father of the proposition
that changes us into a judicial body in the con-
sideration of those questions, I would say that
when we took that step I thought it was some-
what of a reflection upon my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] He had been for
years the chairman of the committee, and it
never had occurred to his mind to make inquiry
judicially. The idea only occurred to the Com-
mittee of Elections as now constituted; and
I hope they will adhere to that rule.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make a single
remark, to vindicate the truth of history.
Mr. VOORHEES. I cannot yield further
if it comes out of my time, for I have but
little.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Trimble,] who sits within reach
of the gentleman's hand, is "a burning and a
shining light" to show the incorrectness of the
role which the gentleman from Indiana has
laid down.
Mr. COBURN. And also Mr. Golladay,
the gentleman's special friend.
Mr. VOORHEES. Whose special friend?
Mr: COBURN. Yours.
Mr. VOORHEES. My colleague [Mr. Co-
burn] has no right to make that remark. Mr.
Golladay is as much his friend as he is mine.
Such a remark is altogether uncalled for.
It may be that my friend, Judge Trimble, is
an exception to the rale. If so, I apprehend
he is the only ooe on the floor of the House.
I remember that he came up "through great
tribulation," though he was sent herewith a
majority of nine, ten, or eleven thousand, and
his competitor received scarcely any votes at
all. I will, however, pass from this point.
Gentlemen on the other side are naturally a
little sensitive on this subject, as I would- be
if I were in their place.
But in regard to this particular case, I yes-
terday dwelt upon the attitude which the con-
testee occupied toward the Government during
the war. i cited the fact that there were but
two witnesses who impeached his loyalty, one
a white man named Calhoun, another a col-
ored man named Lott, whose home was in
Ohio, but who happened to be in Louisiana.
I cited against them the testimony of the
Republican Governor of Louisiana, the testi-
mony of Dr. Sullivan, the witness of the com-
mittee itself, and the testimony of all of Judge
Ryan's former slaves. They one and all estab-
lish the falsehood of Calhoun's testimony and
the loyalty of the gentleman sitting by my side.
In looking over the remarks of thegentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Buiidett,] as published
this morning, I find that he gays he will not
press the question of ineligibility; he will not
go over the testimony upon that point at all,
and will not urge it upon the consideration of
the House. This amounts almost to a waiver
of that part of the finding of the committee.
Yet I press the consideration of the point for
the purpose of explaining what otherwise
might seem a strange feature of the votes. If
Judge Ryan is proved to be a loyal man; if
the testimony establishes the fact' that by his
neighbors lie was so regarded; if the testi-
mony shows that the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] when in
command of that department, repeatedly vis-
ited Judge Ryan at Alexandria, and always
considered him as faithful to the Government,
this will go far to explain some differences
between the vote which was cast in the spring
of 18C8 and that cast in the fall of the same
year—a difference which .has been pressed
upon the attention of the House by the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
The total number of registered voters in that
district amounted to 25,027. The total num-
ber of votes polled was 20,500. The vote cast
bears a pretty good proportion to the registra-
tion, leaving only 4,527 registered votes un-
polled. On this point hangs the principal
objection to the claim of Judge Ryan. He
received the certificate of Governor Warmoth
that be was legally elected. The number of
votes cast for him amounted to 13,244, being
a majority of 5,988 over the vote cast for Col-
onel Newsham, and a majority of 780 of the
whole number registered.
I stand here to advocate theadmission of no
minority candidate. It is said that a portion
of the registered voters did not cast their votes
in consequence of intimidation and violence.
Yet Judge Ryan received a majority of 730
of all the registered voters. Hence, if this
House admits Colonel Newsham to his seat it
admits a man who stands in an actual minority.
The number of votes cast for Colonel New-
sham was 7,256. Adding to his votes all the
unpolled votes of the registration, and still
Judge Ryan has a majority of 1,461 votes. In
other words, if you add to Colonel Newsham's
vote all the votes which were not cast at all,
Judge Ryan's majority is .1,461. If you take
the entire registered vote and divide it by two,
Judge Ryan's vote exceeds by 730 the half of
the registered voteB. In every aspect of the
case, therefore, he is elected by a decided
majority.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to this district,
let us for a moment consider what kind of
district * man represents in some parts of the
South. It lies across the north end of Louis-
iana, commencing on this side of the _Missis-
sippi river, one parish being on this side and
nine more sweeping away to the west on the
other, until from end. to'end ifcia nearly one
thousand miled long, and will average one hun-
dred miles in width. What a district for a
New England member to contemplate! Mem-
bers from Cotanecticut and Vermont would be
filled with envy at the idea of such a realm
for representation, such a magnificent region
being allotted to their membership. But
throughout that wide region it is not filled up
with population as in your small districts. It
is not so crowded as your bright villages and
neighborhoods. Population is not so dense in
this section,, and the result is that there, is not
that near communication from neighborhood
to neighborhood, from town to town,.from vil-
lage to village, as is the case of northern com-
munities. In a district one thousand miles
long and one hundred miles wide, registering
20,500 votes, it would not be strange that 4,000
of those votes should not be cast, without
accounting for it on the ground of wholesale
violence and bloodshed.
When the election; was certified .up ;to Gov-
ernor Warmoth he rejected three parishes—
counties, as we would call them in the North.
.He rejected Sabine, Avoyelles, and West Feli-
ciana, because of irregularities in their returns.
When I served as a meoib^rof the Committee
of Elections in this Honsef and I think the
gentleman, then chairman, will bear me out ,
in the statement, we uniformly held a mere
irregularity in a return which did not affect
the fairness and popular expression at that
poll to be cured when we could plainly reach
the true result. I have his assent. The com-
mittee had three parishes before them rejected
by Governor Warmoth. They restored two of
them, Avoyelles and West Feliciana. Tliey
held that they were cured by the evidence of
the irregularity which caused their rejection
by the Governor. These parishes gave heiivy
votes for Colonel Newsham, while the other,
Sabine, did not. The irregularity there was
not cured. The reason, if we may think so,
was because Sabine gave a heavy vote for
Judge Ryan.
I challenge any lawyer or any member of the
House, in the time I am speaking or after the
case is over, to take these papers and to exam-
ine thern and to say whether or not the precise
defect in Sabine was not the precise defect cured
in Avoyelles and West Feliciana, and cured
by precisely the same evidence. One of the
supervisors did not sign the return in Sabine ;
one of the supervisors did not sign the return
in Avoyelles ; and he did not sign it because a
colored man, uneducated, and could not do so.
The same thing occurred in Sabine. I n respect
to this point Patrick Walsh, one of the two
supervisors for that parish, testifies that the
returns were signed by the other supervisor,
Dnnlava, as chairman ; and further testilies as
follows:
"Question. Why did not both officers sign it?
"Answer. We thought that the signature of tho
chairman was sufficient.
"Question. Were all these votes taken fairly, so far
as you are concerned?
"Answer. Yes; to tho best of my knowledge.
"Question. You saw nothing in the commissioners
that was unfair in tlie way of counting tho votes?
"Ansioer. No; I saw Mr. Small, a justice of the
peace, opening tho tickets before putting thern in
the box; and I told liiui not to do so. That was all
that I saw unfair. It was not repeated. Tho voto
was made up honestly and right."
This supervisor who testifies is a Republican,
a man of your own party. He says the-vote
was made up honestly and right. Those are
his words. Yet your committee reject Sabine
because one supervisor did not sign, while they
cure West Feliciana and Avoyelles, which were
rejected by Governor Warmoth for the same
defect. I do not wish to charge on the com-
mittee, and I will not, that West Feliciana and
Avoyelles were cured because they gate a large
vote for Newsham} while they refuse to cure
Sabine because it gave a majority for Judge
Ryan. There must be some reason for it. It
must be a mistake; a mistake on the part of
the committee; a mistake which must be cor-
rected if this House would maintain its credit
and character for fairness.
The committee have rejected five parishes.
They reject Caddo, De Soto, Bossier, Sabine,
and Winn. If you find, and you will if you
examine the case, that Sabine and Winn stand
on the same footing as West Feliciana and
Avoyelles, and if you restore these parishes,
then, even by rejecting the other three parishes,
you leave Judge Ryan a majority of nearly 300.
A word now as to the kind of election held
in Sabine and Winn. I state in the hearing
of the committee and the House that no more
trouble occurred in these parishes than is usual
duringan election anywhere else. There is no
proof in this book before me that there was
any violence at the polls, no proof of aov riot-
ing or bloodshed. There is some proof, per-
haps, of afight here or there during the canvass,
just as there would be in the conduct of men
in any district in the United States.
But the committee say they must reject these
parishes for another reason; because Colonel
Newsham received but few votes in them; be-
cause in comparison with the vote at the spring
election of the same year the Republican party
.appeared to have been, wiped almost out of
existence. It is said that the vote in the spring
for Governor showfe, for instance, 800 in one
of these parishes for the Republican candidate,
; and that at the fall election there was only 1
for Colonel Newsham. If you look, however,
i at Judge Ryan's vote you will see that he got
■ about as many in the fall in these parishes as
were cast for all the candidates in the spring.
Why was that? The answer to that question
