1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
passage of this act unless he shall have taken
and subscribed an oath therein first prescribed.
You are merely providing by this provision,
and it is so understood doubtless by the com-
mittee that framed it, that those who have not
taken that oath are not qualified to be State
officials. That is not enforcing the fourteenth
amendment. Every one knows that if you un-
dertake to enforce the fourteenth amendment
by a penal enactment, which would be the effi-
cient mode for its enforcement, the provision
must operate prospectively and expressly pro-
vide in substance as follows:
" That no person shall hereafter enter upon or en-
joy the privileges or emoluments of any office what-
ever in an5r State of this Union after the passage of
this act who shall not first take"—
Not " who shall have heretofore taken —
" Who shall not first take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath,"
upon penalties prescribed.
Sueh a bill as that would receive my support
at any moment, and I think it ought to receive
the support of the House. I make in this con-
nection the further remark that there is not a
particle of evidence, and challenge any gentle-
man to point me to such evidence, that there
is in the Legislature of Virginia, as organized
under the supervision of General Canby, a
single member who is not as well qualified to
hold that office under the fourteenth article of
amendments as is any man on this floor quali-
fied to hold his place here.
I beg^fave to say further that that veteran
officer, faithful to his duty, excluded from the
Legislature of Virgieiain its organization every
man who could not swear he was not disquali-
fied by the provisions of the fourteenth article
of the amendments of the Constitution. Why,
then, attempt to impose this oath? There is
nothing for it to operate upon; why impose it?
You say you will thereby protect the emanci-
pated people of Virginia. I beg most respect-
fully to say to the House that you cannot pro-
tect anybody by legislation that is not authorized
by the Constitution, but is in direct conflict
with it, and therefore void. You propose this.
You, the party of liberty and justice, attempt
to fasten fetters upon one State which you dare
not impose and have no authority to impose
upon other States; you attempt to provide that
a State admitted to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States shall be governed
not by those elected by its citizens under their
own laws, but by such officials as may be ap-
pointed by act of Congress ! It is your right
and your duty to govern Virginia until she is
reorganized under a republican form of gov-
ernment satisfactory to the Congress of the
United States, with just such officials as you
deem right and proper; but your right to do
so passes away the moment you restore the
State to its representation in the Congress of
the United States and approve its reorganiza-
tion under your acts ofreconstruction. I think
I have said enough on that point to satisfy the
House that the condition as to the oath ought
not to be adopted by the House.
I have but one remark to make in connec-
tion with what was said by my learned friend
from New York [Mr. Potter] as to the enact-
ment of special legislation for the purpose of
enforcing a general provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Even if in form the
provision were all right; which it is not; even
if you amended the text of the bill to make it
operate prospectively instead of retrospect-
ively, the fact will still remain that you are
enacting local legislation for the purpose of en-
forcing the Constitution of the country only in
onestate. There is no precedent for snch legis-
lation in our history, and there never ought to
be. Pardon me, Representatives of the people,
if I illustrate the force of what I say by asking
you to consider what would be the effect if we
were to-day to repeal our existing crimes acts,
and in lieu thereof to enact a law defining and
punishing perjury, defining and punishing mur-
der, and defining the punishment of treason,
and by the express terms of the law limit it to
the territory of Virginia, and thereby license
treason, license murder, and license perjury
wherever else you had territory or wherever
else you had States ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to use his time a little
further, and I shall have done. I do not think
I shall want more than ten minutes.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. I will
yield to the gentleman for ten minutes further.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is another provis-
ion, however, Mr. Speaker, of this bill, and I
thank the gentleman from Illinois for allowing
me to call the attention of the House to it,
which I say, with all respect to every gentleman
within the hearing of my voice, has no sanction
either in the Constitution or right reason, and
cannot be successfully defended by any man,
no matter what may be his capacity. I refer
to the second section of the bill, which is a
legislative declaration that the Legislature of
Virginia has withoutthe authority of law elected
United States Senators, and then provides that
by the act of Congress the election of the United
States Senators unauthorized by law shall be as
valid as though it had been authorized by law.
That is the section. Mr. Speaker, who does
not know that the election of United States Sen-
ators does not fall within the powers of the Con-
gress of the United States, that United States
Senators cannot be elected by act of Congress ?
Who does not know as well that the question
whether they are elected ornotdoes not belong
to the legislative power of the Congress of the
United States? Who does not know that the
question arose in the Senate touching the power
of the Senate over this matter in a case com-
ing, I believe, from the State represented so
honorably and so well by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes?] The report
was made by Silas Wright, of New York, than
whom a purer statesman never graced the sen-
atorial Chamber. In that report he set forth
in logic clear and strong and conclusive that
by virtue of the provision in the Constitution
that each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions and qualifications of its members no
power on earth outside of the Senate could
intervene to decide either question, to wit, the
question of the election of the Senator or the
the question of his personal qualification upon
his application for admission. The argument
went so far, as one might readily anticipate,
as to show that the grant of power to the Sen-
ate to judge of the election of its own members
authorized the Senate to determine the quali-
fication of the electors themselves, to wit, of
the Legislature of the State. And so this
House has always decided, that the power
granted to this House to judge of the qualifi-
cations and elections of its members was not
to be controlled by general legislation. The
Senate was not to intervene; nobody was to
pronounce final judgment on the qualification
and election of a member of this House but
the Representatives of the people. They would
determine, when they come to sit in judgment
on the election and qualification of members
of the House, as to the qualifications of the
electors by whom the member was chosen, as
well as the qualification of the party appearing
at its bar to be sworn in. Having said this
much, I now ask the House 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit mo to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at present. I now
ask the House to consider this provision of the
bill:
That the election oi United States Senators by the
General Assembly of said State on the 10th day of
October. 1860, sh nil have the same validity as if made
by previous authority of law.
The Constitution lives, sir, and that gives the
only authority which there is in any body to
elect United States Senators. The Constitu-
tion provides that United States Senators shall
be chosen by the Legislatures of the several
States. If the Virginia Legislature exercise
that authority, and send the men they lave
elected to the Senate, the Senate is the only
tribunal to decide whether they exercised that
power aright. You can neither authorize the
election of United States Senators nor make
an unlawful election of United States Senators
valid by act of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have said all that I
have now opportunity to say; and I trust that
I have said all that it is needful to say in sup-
port of my motion to strike out the provisions
of the bill to which I have referred.
I wish, however, to say one word further in
regard to another of the conditions, and that
is the provision that the State of Virginia shall
never so amend its constitution as to interfere
with the right of colored citizens to sit upon
juries, &c. I would say that though yon put
sueh a provision as that ever so often in the
bill you must depend for its efficiency on the
future action of the whole people of the United
States. In the first place, so far as it rests on
act of Congress, the people have nothing to do
but to reverse your judgment by another act
of Congress repealing this measure. If, on
the other hand, it rests on the text of the Con-
stitution, the people have nothing to do but to
amend the Constitution with or without your
consent. Finally, sir, if to sit upon juries be a
right of the citizen secured by the Constitution
I pray gentlemen not to meddle with it by act
of Congress. If this be a right common to all
citizens it is sacred and safe under the Consti-
tution and is imperiled by such legislation as
that proposed.
I am for the largest liberty of all the people
of the United States under the Constitution of
my country. I do not forget, in the passion
and hurry and excitement of the moment, the
obligations of my oath. I therefore respect-
fully ask this House either to admit Virginia
upon an equal footing with the other States
or not to admit her at all. I pray the House
when it comes to deliberate upon this bill to
remember the old battle-cry of the Republic—
liberty and justice, the noblest right, the stern-
est duty of men and nations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman's opinion on a single point with refer-
ence to the second section.
Mr. BINGHAM. My time has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now rise to close
debate, and shall call the previous question
before yielding any portion of my time to any
other gentlemen. But before calling the pre-
vious question I would say that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has an amend-
ment which he wishes to have considered as
pending without being read.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faestsworth] shall call the previous
question on the bill and the pending amend-
ments it could not include another amend-
ment. There is now an amendment pending
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Whittemore,] andalso an amendmentin
the nature of a substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] If an
additional amendment is offered it must have
the previous question called upon it separately.
Mr. COX. I gave notice that I would offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Giving notice does not
give the gentleman any rights.
Mr. COX. I know that; but I propose to
discuss my amendment and then withdraw it,
so that the House may come to a vote on the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixghaji.]
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire, in conform-
ity to the wishes of the committee, to give the
largest latitude for the offering of amendments.
The SPEAKER. If there be unanimous
consent the Chair will entertain amendments.
If there be no objection the amendment of the
