1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
that have been previously issued, we will for
all time have the means ot'furnishing inventors
here and all over the world with accurate de-
scriptions of every invention and the means of
ascertaining the precise position occupied by
every inveution in the usel'al arts; and there-
fore every one who comes in contact with any
class of inventions, or who contemplates the
exercise ©f inventive talent, will be enabled to
know what has preceded him. Ho can turn
his energies in the right direction, and lose no
time in reinventing what has been a thousand
times invented already. The result of this dis-
crimination will be that every contribution to
invention hereafter will be of value.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I observe that the bill
provides that copies shall be deposited in the
district courts. I wish to know whether this
means the courts of the United States or the
local district courts?
Mr. JENCKES. It means the district courts
of the United States. For instance, in Penn-
sylvania these copies would be deposited in
Harrisbnrg, Pittsburg, and Philadelphia. Fol-
lowing up the idea just suggested, there is
another reason why this additional encourage-
ment should be given to the inventive talent
of the country. This creation of property in
ideas is the means by which the poor man of
talent elevates himself from the sphere of con-
tinuous manual labor. It is the ladder by which
he can climb to fortune. There are many
inventors who have become rich ; but very few
rich men have ever become inventors. In the
great majority of cases, if not in every instance,
the inventor has been a poor man. He has
started from the work-bench. He would have
remained at the work-bench all his life but for
the fact that by the use of the inventive talent
which God had given him and the protection
extended to him by our laws he could show to
capital that he had something with which he
could deal with it on equal terms. This pro-
tection and encouragement extended by the law
afford the means by which he rises. This is one
thing which adds respeet and honor to labor
and makes the poor man blest with inventive
genius the rival of the greatest capitalist in the
world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAKE obtained the floor.
Mr. LAFLIN. Before my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Cake} proceeds with his re-
marks, I ask consent to offer the following
verbal amendments:
Inline ten, after the word " patent" insert "to-
gether with suitable indexes, to be issued from time
totima."
In line thirteen, after the word "district," add the
words_"of the United States."
In line fourteen, strike out "libraries" and insert
"offices."
In lines sixteen and seventeen, strike out the words
"taken and received in all courts as evidence as if
the same were."
In line eighteen, after the words "Patent Office,"
insert "and shall then be taken and received in all
courts as evidence."
The first clause of the bil| will then read as
follows:
That the publication of the abstracts of specifica-
tions and of the engravings heretofore accompa-
nying the annual report of the "Commissioner of
Patents be discontinued after the publication of the
report for 1839; and that in lieu thereof the Com-
missioner be authorized to have printed for gratui-
tous distribution, not to exceed one hundred copies,
of the complete (specifications and drawings of each
patent, together with suitable indexes, to be issued
from time to time; one copy; to be placed for free
public inspection in each capitol of every State and
Territory; one forthe like purpose in the clerk's office
of the district court of each judicial district of the
United States, except when such offices are located
in State or territorialcapitols, and onein theLibrary
of Congress; which copies nhall be certified to under
the hand of the Commissioner and seal of the Patent
Office, and shall then be taken and received in all
courts as evidence; said copies not to be taken from
said depositories for any purpose except as evidence
in a court of justice.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion these amendments will be considered as
adopted.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask leave to
offer an amendment, to insert after the word
"drawings," in line twenty-two, the words
"certified a3 hereinbefore provided," so that
all the copies made shall be certified.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be adopted.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERB. Before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] proceeds with his
remarks I would like, if he will yield for that
purpose, to put a question to the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Laflin.] I
wish tq ask him whether there is any objection
to so ameuding the bill as to provide that all
copies distributed anywhere through the coun-
try shall be legal evidence of their contents ?
Mr. LAFLIN. That is provided for already.
Mr. KERR. It is provided as to certain
copies, not as to all. ltis so provided in refer-
ence to the copies that shall be filed in the dis-
trict courts.
Mr. LAFLIN. I certainly have no objection
to that proposition.
Mr. KElill. It seems to me the bill ought
to be so amended.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
that amendment will be adopted.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing whether it would
not be better to strike out the provision allow-
ing these copies to be taken from their depos-
itories for use as evidence in the courts, and
make the bill provide that the copies are "not
to be taken from such depositories for any pur-
pose." Every lawyer knows how public doc-
uments which are taken from depositories to
be used in the courts as evidence are frequently
mislaid. Trials frequently last a long time,
and proper care i3 not always taken of such
documents. Now, these sets will be valuable
only if they are complete. The loss of a sin-
gle volume, an old volume especially, impairs
very much the value of the whole set. It seems
to me that in view of the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] providing that all these copies
shall be evidence wherever they may be found,
it is wholly unnecessary to allow copies to be
taken from these depositories to be carried into
court. I move to amend by striking out the
words " and shall then be taken and received
in all courts as evidence."
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to that
amendment, if no lawyer on the floor objects
te it.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether it is the intention of this
proposition to reproduce the prints and draw-
ings heretofore made ?
Mr. LAFLIN. There is nothing in the pro-
position which involves anything of the kind.
I take it for granted that the gentleman ad-
dressed himself to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing and not to the chairman of
the Committee on Ifetents. The chairman of
the Committee on Patents suggests that it
would be a wise policy for the Government to
do so, but that is a subject for the future action
of the House.
Mr. ARCHER. This joint resolatioq does
not do it.
Mr. LAFLIN. This joint resolution does
not provide for any printing of that kind.
Mr. HOAR. My motion is to strike out in
the nineteenth line, on page 2 of the bill,
after the word "purpose," the words " except
as evidence in a court of justice." I will sim-
ply state, Mr. Speaker, that the adoption of
my amendment will prohibit the taking of these
copies deposited in the State libraries and in
the district courts from their custody for any
purpose whatever, so that if any person wants
to use copies as evidence they will have to-get
some other copies for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, having atten-
tively followed the remarks of the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] and hav-
ing also read with care the remarks of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Laflin,] upon the proposed change in the pub-
lication of the Patent Office report, I must
say that I am unconvinced that the passage of
the resolution under discussion will lead to
economy on the one hand, or will benefit the
inventor on the other. I confess that I would
like to save this book to the mechanical genius
of the country ; but if it be to save money that
the annual mechanical report as heretofore
printed is to cease, I presume the next prop-
osition will be to do away with the publication
of the agricultural report as well.
Mr. LAFLIN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question right here.
Mr. CAKE. You had better wait until I get
started before you commence to ask me ques-
tions.
Mr. LAFLIN. Are we to understand that
my colleague on the committee desires to con-
vey to the House the impression that this reso-
lution involves the abolition of the printing of
the agricultural report?
Mr. CAKE. No, sir. I said that if the
doing away with the Patent Office report is in
the interest of economy, possibly to be followed
by the abolition of the agricultural report, I
might perhaps be induced to vote for a measure
which would save to the Government some
half a million dollars. But I refuse to give
my assent to such a proposition, because it is
nowhere shown that we are to save this money.
I entreat the House not to hurry rashly into
the adoption of this measure. I think it is a
Subject which will keep, and that we should
make haste slowly in passing upon it.
One of the reasons urged by my colleague
on the committee is that this Patent Office re-
port has not been brought out until the expira-
tion of the year, or a year and a half, or two
years after the expiration of the current year.
Now, I do not know what has caused the delay
heretofore, but I know that if the matter were
placed in my hands, and I have the authority of
the Public Printer foF saying so, I could bring
out the report for 1869 before the 1st of July
of this year. I do not want to go into the par-
ticulars, but it is the fault of the Printing Com-
mittee that the work is not now brought out
more promptly.
The chairman of the Committee on Patents
believes this is merely for the benefit of the
inventor. All I can say is that the present plan
has worked perfectly well heretofore. The
Patent Office has grown to be a great institution
in the land, and so far as I know inventors are
perfectly satisfied with it. I know the fact that it
does flatter the vanity of the gentlemen whose
names appear as inventors. It costs the Gov-
ernment nothing, as the inventor pays for it,
and if he pays for it, of course he is entitled to
it. The inventor can now get a copy; but how
is it under the proposed plan ? The books upon
the proposed plan are to be placed where he
cannot get them, and I cannot for my life see
that any body is to be benefited by this, except,
perhaps, the patent lawyer.
I desire to read a paragraph of the report
of the Commissioner of Patents for the year
1869 ; but before doing so I would say that I
object to the proposed change in the mode of
printing the Patent Office report, for the rea-
son that it will remove it from the library of
the poor inventor. The gentleman from Rhodi
Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] the chairman of the
Committee on Patents, very justly remarked
that very few inventors were rich men. Some
of them become rich by the use of their inven-
tions. I know a great many of them, and I do
not know one who was in more than ordinary
circumstances at the time he took out his pat-
ent. The Commissioner of Patents says upon
page 15 of his report:
"In addition to this weekly list I propose as 8
substitute for the annual report now published —
