2752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
inquiry again and again. He wants a grant of
power; he is not content with those I have
already mentioned. I take him then to the
tex| of the Constitution: will he be satisfied?
Article four, section three :
"NewStates may be admitted by theCongreyy into
this Union."
"Maybe admitted," not "must be admit-
ted." The very fact that there is a discretion
in Congress leaves the whole question of con-
ditions open to that discretion. This is the able
argument of Mr. Bingham, from which I have
already read, and which the Senator cannot
answer. I challenge him to undertake an
answer. He may say that Georgia and the
States lately in rebellion do not come under the
term "new States;" but he knows well that in
reconstruction they are practically new States,
old States made new; old States that are be-
come new through the process of rebellion and
reconstruction. Therefore when they come
forward to take their place in the Union they
may be subjected to such conditions as Con-
gress, in its discretion, sees fit to adopt. Is
there any answer to that? The Senator, in all
his argument, has given none. I am anxious
to hear one if it can be supplied.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will you hear it now ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; I will hear it now.
Mr. CARPENTER. The answer is given
by the tenth amendment of the Constitution,
which provides:
"Tho powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
The Constitution of the United States was
intended to create a frame of government ap-
plicable to the condition of things in this new
and growing country. It was anticipated by
those who framed the Constitution that other
than the thirteen States would be admitted into
the Union ; and the Constitution was intended
to regulate the relative rights and duties of the
Union and the States through all coming time.
The Constitution provides:
" JTew States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union."
It is to be noted here that nothing but States
are to be admitted into the Union, and it is
manifest that to determine what we mean by a
State wc must refer to the Constitution itself.
By a State, in the constitutional sense, is meant
a community possessing such powers, and only
such powers, as the Constitution determines,
namely, a community with a republican gov-
ernment, possessing jurisdiction over all local
and domestic affairs, entitled to representation
in Congress, but lacking the power to coin
money, emit bills of credit, pass ex post facto
laws, and laws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, and so on. The Senator's view of the
subject was presented by my colleague [Mr.
Howe] the other day with far greater force
than it has been or can be by the Senator him-
self. But I entirely dissent from it.
The tenth amendment was adopted to quiet
the fears of nervous patriots. It was not regarded
as changing in any way what would otherwise
have been the effect of the Constitution as origin-
nallyadopted; but as fixing in express language
the proper construction ofthe original Constitu-
tion. Therefore, to say that the State of Wiscon-
sin,forinstance, has no right reserved to it un-
der the tenth amendment is to say that she has
no rights under the Constitution. This theory
would degrade Wisconsin from the condition of
a State, in the constitutional sense of that term,
into a mere statutory corporation, possessed
only of such franchises as Congress has seen fit
to grant, or may dole out hereafter. Upon this
theory our Union consists of thirteen States,
with rights and powers secured by the Consti-
tution, and twenty-four dependencies holding
their privileges and existence at the will and
pleasure of Congress.
This condition of things, it is said, resultsfrom
the fact that in the original draft it was pro-
vided that new States might be admitted on an
equal footing with the original States. This is
an unsafe rule of construction which has been
expressly and uniformly rejected by judicial
courts from the earliest times. The judicial
and the only safe rule of construction is to give
to the language employed its fair and reason-
able meaning. The debates which were read
from at length by my colleague, and are now
referred to by the Senator from Massachusetts,
show that some members of the Convention
were opposed to the admission of new States
upon an equal footing with the old. But it by
no means follows that all or even a majority of
those who voted for this change of phraseology
concurred in this opposition. They may have
consented to this change upon the ground that
the legal effect of the original draft and the
proposed amendment was identical. Therefore
the language in the text of the Constitution
must determine this question. And in view
of the fact that the Constitution was intended
to be a permanent law, and to fix for all time
the relative rights of the Union and the
States which should compose the Union, it is
impossible, without interpolating in th« Con-
stitution words not found in the text, and
words which it is not the office of interpret-
ation to place there, to read the Constitution
so as to discriminate between the first thir-
teen and the subsequent States of the Union.
The Constitution, for instance, provides that
the Senate shall be composed of two Senators
from each State. Does not the word State in
this provision include the new as well as the
old States? The Constitution provides that no
State shall coin money or pass ex post facto
laws, or laws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. Do not these inhibitions rest upon the
new States as well as the old? Could Con-
gress admit a State upon the fundamental con-
dition that it might coin money, &c. ? Would
a government be a State, in the constitutional
sense of that word, which possessed powers
that the Constitution says shall not be possessed
by a State? An affirmative answer to the last
question would be a contradiction in terms,
and a reductio ad absurdum.
No, sir; the Constitution is always in force,
and every provision ofthe Constitution in which
the word State occurs,whether itreserve rights
or impose restrictions, is applicable at any and
every time to every Stale of the Union. It
has been said that the tenth amendment,
because it employs the word "reserved," ap-
plies only to those States which originally
granted powers to the Union; because a reser-
vation is a keeping back a part of the thing
granted. And this was illustrated by the
instance of a conveyance of real estate with a
reservation out of the grant. In this narrow
and restricted legal sense it is believed that if
A granted to B forty acres of land, reserving
to A and his heirs forever any easement, as a
right of way, or the right to work mines, the
heir of A could claim the benefit of this reser-
vation, although not in existence or even
begotten when the grant and reservation were
made. So hero the old States, in framing the
Constitution of the Government which was to
preside over themselves and innumerable new
States to be thereafter admitted, could as well
reserve to the new States as to themselves all
powers not granted to the Union nor denied to
the States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has already occupied the floor two or three
times, and he is not entitled to speak, under
the rules, until other members are through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
tbouy in the chair.) The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had the floor and yielded to the
Senator from Wisconsin. It has always been
the practice of the Senate to allow a Senator
to yield the floor to another Senator and re-
sume it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not observe the fact
that the Senator was on the floor and had
yielded it, or I would not have interposed.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the fact. I
yielded that the Senator from Wisconsin might
make an explanation. The Senate has heard
the explanation in all its length, ingenious,
elaborate, and technical beyond all question.
Is there any Senator to whom it can give the
least satisfaction? Is it not answered by a
statement which will not take one tenth part
of the time of his argument? This statement
I find in the speech of Mr. Bingham. The
substance of it was also presented very ably
by the colleague of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] in his speech the other day.
It appears that on the 29th of August, 1787, a
proposition was made in that Convention to
provide by the Constitution for the admission
of new States " on the same terms with the
original States."
Look at the debates and you will find it.
What became of that proposition? It was
rejected, and the provision adopted and in-
serted in the Constitution as it now stands,
that new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union. These were the terms
adopted by the Convention, and which now
have their place in the Constitution. On this
Mr. Bingham aptly remarks:
"Why were the words, ' upon the same terms with
the original States ' rejected by the Convention and
excluded from tBe Constitution? Manifestly to
declaro plainly and distinctly the intention of the
framcrs of the Constitution that new States should
notcorne into the Union of riaht and upon the same
terms with the original States; but only by the con-
sent of Congress, upon such terms and under such
restrictions as would subject them to the spirit of
the Constitution, not only as it was originally framed
and adopted, but also as it might be thereafter
amended."
I can add nothing to these words. More
than ten years ago he answered in advance the
ingenious argument of the Senator. Let the
Senator, if he can, reply. Let him take hours
and days and weeks ; I challenge him to the
effort. It cannot be done.
But the Senator wants a power. I give it to
him again. Section four of the same article
provides :
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
But this is not all. In another part of the
Constitution, article one, section eight, we
have these words:
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
Therefore is Congress empowered to carry
into execution this guarantee of a republican
government, making all laws necessary and
proper to this end; and the Supreme Court.,
speaking by its great Chief Justice, has told us
that when Congress selects certain means that
are within its discretion the burden is on those
who question the means to show that they are
not necessary and proper. That is at once a
conclusion of logic and of jurisprudence. I
challenge the Senator to answer it. Here is
the guarantee clause which Congress is to ex-
ecute, and to that end it may pass all laws
necessary and proper for the purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I concede the general
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts
fully, and that brings us now to the precise
point where I would like to have him apply
it. Does he mean to say that leaving to Geor-
gia the power to regulate her common-school
system deprives that State of a republican
form of government ? If so, Massachusetts is
not a republican government to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts a ques-
tion which is not in the case. I am arguing
the power of Congress to determine and guard
republican government.
Air. CARPENTER, Let me state my point.
