1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
The precise question is, whether Congress can
here impose a condition upon Georgia which
provides that she shall never amend her con-
stitution in certain respects touching common
schools. That is in this bill before the Senate.
Now the' question is whether that is a'thing
that touches the republican character of 'that
government. If sho would not have a repub-
lican form of government left with that power
so to amend her constitution, then Massachu-
setts never has had a republicau form of gov-
ernment. ; ; ■
Mr. SUMNER. If Congress novr, in the
exercise of its discretion, is satisfied that it
ought to enter into the State of Georgia in
order to secure education, for all the people
there, unquestionably under this clause it has
full power to do so with a view to establish
republican government. The question is, what
is republican government? Congress is to
answer this question. Congress is to supply
the great transcendent, immortal definition,
and it may require all those things which are
essential to republican governments: and is not
education one of these? Never did any legis-
lative body have Cast upon it a greater respon-
sibility. We are to set an example, we are to
say what in fact and in spirit is a republican
government. There is the text; the Senator
lrom Wisconsin cannot "rail" it out of the
Constitution any more than the Merchant of
Venice could " rail" the seal from offthebond.
There is the majestic requirement. ■ Lot tho
Senator give his definition of republican gov-
ernment cut down, pared down, emasculated,
with no great, broad, generous acknowledg-
ment of human rights. Let him give his defi-
nition. Let him take it from the past if he
pleases; let him take it from the great authori-
ties, and I answer back that ail this wiil not
do. Montesquieu is not enough; Sidney and
Locke are not enough ; we have here on our
own continent an authority above all. It is
the Declaration of Independence, belittled by
the Senator from Wisconsin. Nobody insists
that the Declaration of Independence is a
grant of power to Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then what his it to
do with this discussion?
Mr. SUMNER. I will tell the Senator.
Nobody ever said it was a grant of power to
Congress; but I insist it is a commanding guide
in interpreting the Constitution of the United
States. I insist that in fixing the great defini-
tion of a republican government you must go
to tho self-evident truths of the great Declara-
tion which the Senator discards a? "the gener-
alities of a revolutionary pronunciamiento,'"'
and which Calhoun once called absurd. The
Senator and Calhoun concur. But he shall not
misunderstand mo. Igo to the Declaration for
light. Obviously itis iiograjitof power. No-
body ever said it was. Itis more than agrant of
power. Itis the life of the whole Constitution,
pervading it from beginning to end, from the
preamble to the signature of George Washing-
ton. In every line, between the lines, are written
the promises ofthe Declaration, which the Sen-
ator now seeks to set aside. Does he ask for a
grant of power? I give it to him in the text of
the Constitution interpreted by the Declaration;
I give it to him in the text ofthe Constitution
interpreted by the national motto first proposed
by Benjamin Franklin and adopted by the Con-
tinental Congress, showing these States to be a
nation. Does the Senator ask for authority,
what more can he have? The language is
explicit; the guide is lofty—
ilr. CARPENTER,, A little indefinite.
Mr. SUMNER. Again the Senator belittles
the D?ciaration of independence—"a little
indefinite. " Where is it indefinite ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I was speaking of
" epluribus iinum.''
Mr. SUMNER. "A little indefinite," is it?
Howso? It meansuuity; it means that we are
a nation. Are we not? If the Senator's inter-
pretation could prevail, we should he only an
ignoble confederation, each State playing the
41st Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 173.
feudallqrd, or, as I undertook to show on a for-
mer occasion, when it chose, playing the turtle,
drawing its head and its feet and its tail within
its impepetrable shell. This is the doctrine of
the Senator. I discard it. I hope the Senator
■will review his judgment. I am sorry to have
had this difference with him. I value him; but
I deplore his error. He has shot off in the
wrong dire«tion; he has taken the South Car-
olina tack. J hope he will be willing to take
the Wisconsin tack, ,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
O'clock to continue this debate,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done
so that the Senator from Kentucky may have
an opportunity to address the Senate this even-
ing- . .
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. AS-
thohi in the chair.) The Senator from Ken-
tucky moves that the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WARNER. I should like an executive
session for a few moments. There is a nom-
ination there which ought to be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us first agree that
at five o'clock we shall take a recess until half
past seven.
Several Senators. That will do.
Mr. WARNER. Very well. ■
Mr. DAVIS. I will make tho motion in that
form. I move that at five o'clock the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFiSBREO.
The following biljs were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia:
A bill (13. II. No. 672) to amemj ian act
incorporating tho National Junction railway;
A bill (117 It. No. C49) to incorporate the
University for the Blind in tho District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 08o) to amend an act en-
titled "An act for theenforcomentof mechan-
ics' liens on buildings, itc., in the District of
Columbia." approved February 2, 1859;
A bill OS. li. No. 1004) to arch Tiber creek
north of Pennsylvania avenue ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1025|) to amead an act
entitled "An act to-establish {n the District of
Columbia a house of correction for'boys,1'
approved July 25, 180(5 ;
A bill (H. ft. No. 1160) to incorporate the
Linthicum Institute of Georgetown ;
A bill (FT. R. No. 145G) to abolish joint
tenancy in tho District of Columbia ;
A bill (£L R. No. 1G35) to authorize the
corporate authorities of tho city ,of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to pave and
improve the streets thereof; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1724) to authorize a sub-
scription by the corporate authorities of the
city of Washington to the.capital stock of the
Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, or the Washington and Ohio'Rail-
road Company, as the case may be.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WARNER. I niove^ that the Senate
procced to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At five o'clock the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess until
half past seven o'clockp. m.
eveninu session.
Tho Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] is entitled to the floor on the Georgia
bill.
Mr.D'AVIS. ImovethattheScna'teodipurni
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we shall have a
better attendance after'a'fetf iriinutes probably.
Let us wait for a Few moments. ' - .
Mr. • DRAKE. Let us tako a recess for
nrraati'tyimnfao
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to tho Senator from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion and let us
take a recess until Senators can come in.
" Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that,
though I doubt whether many will come.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate take
a recess until a quarter to eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
At tho expiration of the recess the Presiding
Officer resumed, the chair.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President >■
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The col-
league of the Senator from Kentucky is entitled
to the floor, unless he yields it.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield.
Mr. McCREERY. With the consent of
my colleague, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a'
division—ayes 6, noes C.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair
votes in the affirmative, and the Senate stands
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock. ■
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 18,1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
OEDEIt 01' BUSINESS.
Tho SPEAKER. This being Monday, the-
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committeos, and not to bo brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this,call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order far reference and
printing.
TillI'HKNTA THOMPSON,
Mi-. STEVENS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1780) granting apension to Mrs. Triphenia
Thompson, mother of Daniel W. Thompson,
late private in company G, first New Hamp-
shire cavalry ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
CAPS cod SJIlr-QANAL,
Mr. TWICIIELL presented resolutions of
tho Commonwealth of Massachusetts concern-
ing the Cape Cod ship-canal; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
1'. M. STROXtt AND T. IiOSS.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1781) for the relief of Francis M. Strong
and Thomas Ross; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
MILITARY AND NAVAL CADETS.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (H. E. No.
1782) in relation to the examination and ap-
pointment of military and naval cadets; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
MARIA CLARK.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1783) granting a pension to Mrs. Maria Clark,
mothei- of Franklin H. Clark, late a private in
company G, ninety-sixth regiment Now York
volunteers; which was read a first and bee-
