1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
But, alas, it is not of that Virginia we speak
this day. Her heroes and orators and states-
men slumber in her bosom ; but their glory is
uot the property of that degenerate and afflicted
State, but of a nation whose empire, already
spanning a continent from east to west, is cast-
ing the shadow of its banner of possession over
the north and the south and the far off isles of
the sea. What was the Virginia of those days
is West Virginia and Kentucky now ; is Ohio
and Indiana and Illinois of to-day; is Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota, even while the praises of
the old Virginia is ringing in our ears ; and is
Michigan, the peninsular State, lying in glori-
ous beauty in the midst of our great inland
seas, and waiting with trembling impatience for
the return of the mother State from whence she
sprang, and in whose empurpled soil are sleep-
ing so many of her gallant sons, who keep the
'' silent bivouac of the dead'' that Virginia may
still be a State and have part in the resurrec-
tion of the nation!
_ Eight empire States, with three hundred and
eighty thousand square miles of territory, with
fifteen million intelligent, educated, free citi-
zens, with sixteen Senators and sixty-nine Rep-
resentatives, with free soil and free schools,
both the gift of Old Virginia, are gathering
around their desolated and almost ruined an-
cestral State, urging her return from so sad
and profitless wanderings, with only the same
guarantees of allegiance, loyalty—free schools,
and the privileges of universal education—
which Old Virginia imposed upon them, and
the blessed effects of which have astonished
the civilized world.
Thus, too, may modern Virginia, although
crippled by rebellion, shorn of her ancient glory,
and dwarfed in territorial domain, by accept-
ing the lessons of her youth start afresh in a
career of prosperity and emulate her ancient
renown.
Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. STILES, Mr. MAY-
HAM, and Mr. GRISWOLD obtained leave to
print speeches on the pending bill. [See Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield fifteen
minutes of my time to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox.] [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] to the fact that yesterday he said he
would give me an opportunity to move that the
preamble be stricken out. i desire to make
that motion now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That motion can be
made after the vote shall have been taken upon
the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. Very well; that is all I
desire.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cos.]
Mr. COX. I thank the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farksworth] for yielding to both
New York and Ohio on this occasion. 1 am
very proud of my mother State; especially
proud of her because she was one of the chil-
dren of the State that you would now disfian-
chise here. In the name, as well of New York
as of my old constituents, so well represented
here by the gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr. Van
TnuMr and Mr. Morgan,] I enter my protest
against this bill. With the strongest emphasis,
on behalf of my metropolitan constituents,
whose free, unsought, unbureaued and unbay-
oneted Representative I ain, I protest against
this measure.
I gave notice of an amendment to strike out
the second fundamental condition for the ad-
mission of the Virginia members. If ray motion
succeeds I should for other insurmountable
objections vote against the bill. By voting
for the substitute of the gentleman'from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] I shall express the wish of my
constituents for the unqualified admission of
the State; but I should not have their appro-
bation, nor that of the people of New York
city and State, if I voted to bring Virginia into
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 32.
the Union captive and humiliated, degraded
and unequal.
The press of all parties in New York are
unanimous against the prolonged exclusion of
Virginia. The Times, so long edited by my
lamented predecessor in Congress, Mr. Ray-
mond, reflects the conservative sentiment of
the Republican party. That paper says th^t
the_ delay is cruel injustice, great wrong, want
of integrity, breach of plighted faith, and the
infliction of an injustice which no personal or
partisan consideration can for a moment jus-
tify. The Herald regards this delay as sheer
dishonesty. The Post believes that this long
five years' delay exhibits a great lack of states-
manship, and that there is more danger to the
Union with Virginia out than in, and that you
who are helping to bar her out are serving dis-
union. The Tribune even says that it is a
blunder not to admit her at once and without
division or demur. Its anxiety, however, is
more for the party and the validity of the
fifteenth amendment than for peace and Union.
The Democratic press are one for prompt,
unconditional admission. No reproach at-
taches to the Democracy for this delay. Not-
withstanding that party hold now as ever
that rebellion and secession never destroyed
the States, and that the reconstruction acts
and all proceedings under them are revo-
lutionary invasions of the sovereign rights of
the States and of the people, it is content to
bring Virginia at once into " practical rela-
tions" with the Union by her Representatives
here.
Argument upon these points has been ex-
hausted by press and speech here and else-
where. The people are wearied with the itera-
tion of promises only made to be broken, threats
only made to humiliate, and of lures held out
only to entrap. In speaking thus plainly and
earnestly I but echo the unpartisan opinions
of the mass of the people.
At last by a tie vote day before yesterciay we
forced from the Reconstruction Committee
this bill. It gives a surly welcome to Virginia.
It is worse than absolute rejection. Hence I
shall vote against it, even though Virginia, like
Georgia, be remitted to the sword and the
satrap.
Among the series of crude measures which
the impotency of Congress has framed to dis-
place the Constitution, this bill is the weakest.
It is so weak that one of its defenders [Mr.
Paine] called it an infant, and so hideous in
aspect, that even the accoucheud, if not the !
mother—I mean the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswouth]—is charged with stran-
gling it in the throes of parturition. I am at a
loss which to admire most, the infant itself or
its infanticidal delivery. It was a curious spec-
tacle to see the gallant member from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] worrying his patriotic colleague
as to the helpless inefficiency of the clause which !
I moved to expunge. "How," exclaimed the I
gentleman, "how can you enforce, by what j
penalty can you reach Virginia, if when restored I
she undertakes to play the sovereign State? 1
What will you do when if she chooses like j
Tennessee to change her present laws ? What
will you do if Virginia undertakes to alter her 1
present suffrage and school system in despite ]
of these fundamental conditions?" There is
only one way—vi ct armis. All your clauses, !
except force is applied, are not worth, as the
gentleman recognized it, the snap of his honor- ,
able finger.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] |
was not satisfied entirely. While thegentleman 1
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] was speaking he
seized the Ithuriel spear. Perhaps the chair- ji
man of the Committee on Military Affairs is !i
not familiar with this angelic weapon. I judge |
so from the fact that he used the blunt end; :•
but it answered the purpose. By punching, jl
if not by piercing, he developed from the harm- |
less toad the satanic elements of the bill. It :
answered its purpose on the gentleman from 1
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.] First, that gentleman
would remand Virginia fox reconstruction if
she should change her local law, forbidden to
be altered by this act. " But suppose it be a
Democratic Congress whose duty it would be
to remand?" And then the gentleman from
Ohio began what is so rare on that side of the
House—to pray. He prayed for mercy from
God in such an emergency; spoke wildly, as
young political religionists do, especially if po-
litical, of God and the-Continental Congress;
and in the desperate delirium of a young con-
vert, instead of answering the anxious IMi-
noisan, gushed out Dr. Watts' hymn—
"Dear Lord, I give my soul away;
'Xis all tlxat I can do."
I would entreat my friend not to give away
so much for so little; it is not a fair bargain.
TMs bill is uot worth the self-devotion of the
prayerful member. Let him seek safety in the
ark of the covenant, the Constitution. His
colleague before me [Mr. Bingham] will lead
him to its altar and we will all join hands in
his redemption.
But if the Democracy should obtain power
assuredly it would not disturb the future local
self-government of Virginia if consistent with
the Constitution. It-would leave such ques-
tions in case of controversy to the courts. If
such a blessing would be the answer of prayer
before utterance, let us all have that spirit,
and even encourage it though it came from the
most miserable sinner of this House. It stands
revealed, therefore, that force is the instru-
ment to execute this measure. There is only
one way to execute the insidious purpose of
this bill: you must deal with her as some pro-
pose to deal with Tennessee, who has taken her
business into her own control. If this solution
is not correct, listen to the words of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. After wandering with
him through the labyrinth of oaths and condi-
tions, I gather that he has concluded upon
three things:
1. That we are as a Government in a transi-
tion state;
2. That from an earnest advocate of State
rights he would now increase the Federal
power and make strides in the direction of a
consolidated nationality ; and
3. Which is the penalty the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] was in search of, he would
have a " chapter of Federal law backed up by
Federal bayonets," and " wield the new pow-
ers of the amended Constitution of the United
States to cross the borders of the States, and
with strong arm crush all attempts to violate
its sacred provisions."
This, then, is to be the result of great expend-
iture of money, limbs, and lives—consolidated
despotism, enforced by arms!
We are progressing toward the Spanish-
American points of government. Our supreme
tribunal of repose, where questions of State
and Federal power used to be decided, is to be
silenced ; the red cap of liberty is to be flaunt-
ed, and the reign of terror so long menaced is
to be made eternal! In other words, when-
ever Congress calls, the Army must march ;
whether to Democratic New York, which has
fired its big gun against your fifteenth amend-
ment, or little Rhode Island, which reserves
the fire of its pocket-pistol. [Laughter.] This
is the consummate dome of your reconstruction
of the Federal edifice under the reign of peace!
Spain and France are doing better lhan this. I
am relieved, however, to know that all ideas of
republicau freedom and Federal Union have
not become obsolete even in the Republican
ranks of this House.
All these questions resolve themselves into
this : "Shall Virginia have admission for her
Representatives under unequal and degrading
conditions, or shall she come in under lair and
honorable conditions? Shall she be a State
handcuffed like a criminal, or shall she bo
unshackled like an upright man?'' In choos-
ing associates in social life we do not seek before
