1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4641
incorporated by a State additional franchises
in addition to those which the State had seen
fit to confer. If that can be done, all the lim-
itations that a State may see fit to place upon
a railroad company or other corporation may
he nullified by Congress adding powers, facul-
ties, and franchises to that corporation. It
would seem from this—I do not know exactly
what the facts are—that there is a corporation
created under the laws of Alabama, lyiiig partly
'in Tennessee, partly in Mississippi, and partly
in Alabama. Whether it has but one charter,
that granted by Alabama, and has obtained a
license to run through the other States, or
whether there were three companies that have
become consolidated, I do not know; but
whichever may be the case, if I understand it,
this amendment proposes to confer on those
fompanies or that company franchises, privi-
leges. faculties that it does not possess under
its State charter. Now, I submit that that is
what has never yet been claimed by Congress
without, the consent of the States.
I make these remarks not as objecting to the
connection. I should liketo see precisely this
connection that is spoken of. It is a matter
which very much interests the State which I
in part represent, that there should be this
very connection from Chattanooga to Marshall,
Texas ; but I think that if we are to pay any
attention at all to the limitations upon our
powers we ought to have the consent of the
States before undertaking to enlarge the fran-
chises of State corporations ; arid therefore I
suggest to the mover of the amendment that
he put into it some provision requiring the
assent of the States by which the company in
question was chartered.
Mr. RICE. Is an amendment to that amend-
ment in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor.-
liii-L, of Vermont, in the chair.) An amend-
nienttoanamendmentis now pending; another
amendment would be in the third degree, and
therefore not in order.
Mr. RICE. I would make the suggestion
that by striking out all after the word "inter-
est," in the fifteenth line, there could be no
serious objection to the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Several times, by unanimous
consent, when an amendment has been offered
in the nature of a substitute it has been treated
as an original bill for the purposes of amend- |
raent. 1 hope that rule may be adopted in this j
ease by unanimous consent. It is a very im-
portant bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is sug-
gested that the amendment reported by the
Committee on tho Pacific Railroad shall be
treated as in the nature of a substitute,_ open
1o amendment in the same way as an original
bill. The Chair hears no objection, and it will
be so regarded.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ark-
ansas was not aware of any change in the
amendment as offered from the amendment as
printed. The amendment, as read from the
desk, is substantially what the Senator from
Arkansas desires. It is to enable these com-
panies to make their connection at Marshall,
Texas. It does not give them any right to run
parallel roads. There are two or three small
companies that had land grants originally, right
on this liue east of Marshall, and they have
built a portion of the road. Some one has
handed me a map showing what portions are
built and what are not. There are two small
links to be built, of thirty or forty miles, I should
judge; and this enables them to bring then-
consolidated lino up to Marshall, where the
main road starts. This connects^ the whole
system of the Atlantic coast, so that all the
States of the Atlantic coast can make a con-
nection through this way. By an amendment
that has been made to the bill, on the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ivki.-
i.ooo.] New Orleans has tho same kind oi
connection by the way of Baton Rouge. This
is simply to bring the system of southern roads
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 291.
to Marshall; that is all there is in it, to enable
them to get to that point. If the Senator from
Ohio will look at this map he will see at once
what the design of the amendment is.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish, in view of what
has just been said by the Senator from Kan-
sas, to repeat that I am no enemy of this con-
nection ; on the contrary, I think that it is an
excellent connection, one that onght to be
made. All that I suggest is that the amend-
ment shall not assert the power of Congress,
as I think it now does, to add to the franchises
of a State corporation. That is a little differ-
ent question from the question whether Con-
gress can grant a charter to make a road right
through a State.
Mr. POMEROY. This road, so far as re-
lates to the State of Texas, has already been
built. There is only a portion in Alabama to
be built.
• Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to call the
attention of the Senator from Kansas to the
amendment which bears his name in the printed
copy, but is offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan. It seems to me to have a great deal of
unnecessary granting of power here to enable
these companies to form a junction. It pro-
vides that—
All rights, powers, privileges, and grants-
Including land grants, of course—
to whieh the Texas PaeiSo Railroad Company is
entitled by the terms of this act in any State-
In any State and in every State—
are hereby in like manner, for that purpose, ex-
tended to and conferred upon and shall belong,-under
like restrictions, limitations, and conditions, to the
said Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
to the Vicksbureand Meridian Railroad Company,
and to the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Company, respectively.
There the printed copy stops, but I under-
stand these words follow: "for the purpose
of forming a junction at Marshall." I sug-
gest to the Senator that all the trouble might
be avoided by simply striking out the printed
lines and inserting just what he saysthe object
is, namely, to grant to these companies the
right to lorm a junction at that point.
Mr. POMEROY. That is all there is in it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think there is a great
deal more in it. I think this gives them all
the land grants.
Mr. POMEROY. They have a land grant
by law.
Mr. CARPENTER. This gives them an-
other.
Mr. POMEROY. If it does they are the |
same alternate sections designated by odd
numbers. The difficulty about it is that some
of these roads are nearly completed, but a
portion of their land grant lapsed during the
war. This will revive it. This is the reason
that language was used.
Mr. HARLAN. Will this not increase the
quantity granted ?
Mr. POMEROY. To one road, I think.
The others cannot be increased, because there
is no room to increase. There is only one
very short piece of road to be built. The rest
is all built; and so far as that piece is concerned
the land grant is revived.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me, con-
sidering the liberality with which we are grant-
ing lands to railroad companies, that by way
of amendment to insert three other railroad
companies, tlxe particulars of which cases are
not stated or known to the Senate, is a very
irregular and very injudicious way of making
land grants. ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose an amendment?
Mr. CARPENTER. I have suggested it to
the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Lou-
isiana is more familiar with this amendment
than I am ; but every Senator I have seen has
approved of it, because it is plain what is
necessary to be done.
Mr. KELLOGG. _ So far as the North Lou-
isiana railroad mentioned in this amendment
of the Senator' from Kansas is concerned—and
I presume the same is substantially the ease
with regard to the Southern Mississippi and the
Alabama and Chattanooga railroads,but I sfieaft
more particularly because I am more familiar
with the North Louisiana railroad in this re-
spect—there wEts a land grant in 1856 by act
of Congress given to this company; but it was
made a condition of the grant that thg road
should be completed within ten years after the
passage of the act. The war intervened, and
the road of course was not completed. In fact,
only a small portion of the road was completed.
The company have since the war, and since the
lapse of the grant, without any benefit derived
Trom the grant, built a portion of the road.
They have bad some State aid to enable them
thus to build it. They come now and ask that
Congress will give to them the same grant
which was conferred upon them by the terms
of the act of 1850, which is virtually extending
the act of 1856, which lapsed, as I have already
stated.
The Committee on Public Lands a few days
since reported a bill recogniztng the justice of
that claim. In view of the lateness of the
session it was thought best by the friends of
that bill, and indeed they desired, that it should
he incorporated into and form a part of this
amendment. So that if this amendment is
adopted it does, as the Senator from Wisconsin
says, confer not only the right to connect, with
all the powers and privileges conferred on
the Texas Pacific railroad by this bill, but it
revives the grant of land given in 1856, and
no more.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
how many alternate sections were granted by
the act of 1850 ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Three alternate sections
on each side per mile; this grants ten. I had
omitted to state that; indeed it had escaped
my recollection ; but I now remember that the
act of 1856 granted only six sections to the
mile, and this proposes to increase the subsidy
by four sections a mile. That is a question
for the Senate. The facts are now before the
Senate, so far as the North Louisiana is con-
cerned. I understand that the Southern Mis-
sissippi—I do not speak from my own knowl-
edge, but from reliable information-—stands
substantially upon the same basis.
As to the Alabama and Chattanooga Com-
pany, that, I believe, has had a grant, but my
impression is that it was a very limited one. I
know it is a most meritorious enteiprise, and
I am satisfied that the Senate will be simply
conferring what is just and proper on these
three companies, and will add to the material
resources of the country, satisfy the people,
and in every way promote the interests of the
States through which these roads run, and
especially the country contiguous to this great
line of road in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana, if they will allow this
grant to be made. Indeed, I can hardly ima-
gine a more meritorious claim of this kind. I
am satisfied there has been none before the
Senate at this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if this amendment
has been reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad ?
Mr. HOWARD. It has not been.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to strike
out the last clause of it. I have read it over
four times and I cannot understand it. But I
begin to comprehend that it may mean a great
deal more than my vision enables me to see.
Mr. POMEROY. The lastclause, as printed,
is not the last clause read.
Mr, SHERMAN. The last clause, as written,
does not affect the language of the part I pro-
pose to strike out. I will read what I move to
strike out, and give my understanding^!' it, and
see how other Senators may understand it:
And all rights, powers, privileges, ami grants to
wbicli the Texas Pacific Railroad Company is enti-
tled by the terms of this act-
That is, four sections to the mile.
