1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5585
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
KOY.) The question now is on the amendment
to the amendment.
Mi'. STEWART. I regret the embarrass-
ment in which the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations is placed, and I commend
his efforts to secure a concurrence of the two
Houses on some bill. But I cannot perceive
the misfortune that the country will suffer from
this action of the House of Representatives.
It is evidently a movement in the right direc-
tion. I am not going to discuss the question
at all. My views upon it are well known. If
ever there was a subject that called upon the
country for reform it is this system of Indian
treaties. It was very well to make treaties
when you had somebody to treat with ; but the
great mass of these treaties are made in a man-
ner and by agents and by influences that ought
not to exist. I will not discuss the question at
any length; but I indorse the action of the
House iu refusing to recognize these treaties.
I believe in carrying out all the arrangements
that we make with the Indians in good faith.
I believe we should appropriate the money
requisite for that purpose.
The bill originally sent to us by the House
was in great detail, or at any rate sufficiently
so. 1 do not know the exact points of dispute.
But there is a disposition on the part of the
House to make a change ; and I tell you any
change in the world cannot be a change for
the worse in regard to this Indian business. I
am glad that the House has endeavored to
make a change, because it will lead to discus"
sion, and ultimately, I hope, will lead to re-
form ; for there is no part of the service that
needs it so much as this Indian system. I hope
there will be no attempt, by amending this bill
and sending it back to the House in the man-
ner .proposed by the Senator from Iowa, to
embarrass the chairman of the. Committee on
Appropriations. I propose to follow his lead
in this matter. I see he is turning in the right
direction, and I congratulate him on yielding
to the House, and ignoring to some extent
these abominable treaties. I propose to follow
his lead.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honorable
friend interprets what I have said as a disposi-
tion on my part to yield to the House he mis-
interprets me. That is all I have to say.
Mr. STEWART. The more yielding the
chairman is the more I congratulate him. I
hope he will yield to this demand for retrench-
ment and reform. Sir. I say this idea that we
are bound by the Constitution to treat with every
Indian we find, and that we cannot deal with
him on any other principle than by a treaty, is
preposterous. We have got to catch him first,
put a hat on him, clothe him, give him a little
whisky, and then we make a treaty 1 That is
the way we treat with the Indians. At the time
the Constitution was made-there were power-
ful Indian tribes in the country, and it was
perhaps impossible to deal with them in any
other way but by treaties. But now that they
have ceased to be tribes 
.Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that the question
before the Senate, or is it whether, in refer-
ence to treaties already made requiring an
appropriation of money, we shall refuse to
execute them? That is the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The House re-
fuses to appropriate for all that class of treaties
made in 1867 and 1868. I believe my honor-
able friend from Nevada was here at that time
and knows that those treaties were inaugurated
through a commission named by an act of Con-
gress. That act specified that those commis-
sioners should go out and make treaties under
the direction of the President of the United
States, to be ratified by the Senate. Thus
Congress, the House and the Senate, were par-
ties to the inception of those treaties, to be
made under the direction of the President and
41st Cong*2d Sbss.—No. 350,
ratified by the Senate; and these are the trea-
ties that the House refuses to sanction.
Mr. STEWART. If the action of the House
refers to those treaties, I think the House is
right. Here was Red Cloud, the chief of these
desperadoes and murderers with whom you
made these treaties, here in your own town a
few days ago, and he repudiated them, and
said that he would not be bound by them, and
called upon you to remove Port Fetterman.
Ho attacked a train of cars the other day. Red
Cloud does not care anything about your trea-
ties ; he does not recognize them. The idea
of making appropriations for treaties with him
when he repudiates them altogether is ridicu-
lous. He has already been at war with you
half a dozen times; and yet you propose to
give him cows and implements of husbandry
and things which are of no use to him. I do
not blame the House for that action. If that
is the point in dispute, I agree entirely with the
House. These Indians have no more regard
for the treaties than they have for the wind,
and not near so much. If that is the only diffi-
culty, I think we had better yield to the House.
But I do not propose to discuss it. I am
glad the chairman of the committee has made
the proposition he has, and I propose to follow
him. He may call it yielding, or by any name
he pleases; 1 like the spirit he displays, and
shall indorse and vote for his amendment and
against all others. I shall indorse him and
follow his lead. I do not care to discuss the
details of the measure; but I am glad to see
that there is a growing disposition manifested
by the votes of the representatives of the people
to get rid of this treaty business.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator ex-
pressed a truth in the conclusion of his remarks.
There is a growing disposition to get rid of this
whole Indian business; and that disposition
and desire are stronger to get rid of treaties that
have long been made than to get rid of treaties
in the future. There are now sixty or seventy
million acres of the best land on this continent
held by the southern Indians under treaty;
and that is the mighty spoil which has given
rise to this new idea that there is no obli-
gation in Indian treaties. The position of the
House is that an Indian treaty has no validity
whatever. If an Indian treaty has no validity
whatever, the southern and southwestern In-
dians have no right to the lands which they
occupy—lands sufficient to constitute a great
State, consisting of the most fertile soil and
the most salubrious climate in the United
States. It would be very convenient for the
plunderers to get possession of this rich her-
itage that has been secured to the original
owners of all the lands on this continent, by
taking the ground, and making it practically
effective, that Indian treaties have no obliga-
tion.
Mr. President, I admire the position of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] He
has assumed the true position. The bill upon
which the Senate went into conference with
the House was made in strict conformity to all
the bills in relation to our Indian affairs from
the foundation of the Government to the pres-
ent day. That bill provided for the appropria-
tion of money in the execution of forty or fifty
Indian treaties, many of them of ancient date,
which received the sanction of the first men of
America, the greatest statesmen and the great-
est philanthropists that our country ever pro-
duced. ■
Sir, it is an idea novel and monstrous in its
conception and recent in its date that there is
no validity in Indian treaties. The honorable
Senator from Illinois said truly that we had
had Indian treaties from the beginning of the
Government. Yea, sir; under the old Articles
of Confederation the Continental Congress
made Indian treaties, and those treaties re-
ceived the same interpretation and were con-
strued by our courts to have the same obliga-
tion as treaties between the United States and
foreign nations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the honor-
able Senator allow me to present a conference
report?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
of conference, to whom was recommitted the
conference report on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on House bill No. 2165, being
the sundry civil appropriation bill, have in-
structed me to report it back, and I ask that
it be acted upon. It was recommitted with a
view of correcting a clerical error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read at the desk.
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire whether the read-
ing of it in full may not be dispensed with?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
only the clause which has been corrected be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The cor-
rected clause will be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The report was
recommitted for the purpose of correcting a
clerical error. I ask to have that section
read.
The Chief Clebk. The clause, as first re-
ported from the committee of conference, read
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the sixty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, a3 follows:
in line three of the said amendment strike out the
word "four" and insert the word " two."
Then there was a further provision, which
has been erased.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There was
another clause on that amendment requiring
a two thirds majority of the city council to
reject a nomination of the mayor of this city,
which somehow or other inadvertently got into
the report.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is that stricken out?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is stricken
out, and the clause stands in the bill simply
authorizingthe city to make a loan of $200,000.
The report was concurred in. *
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. With the permission of the
Senator from Kentucky, I desire to present
the conference report on the Army appropri-
ation bill, and ask action upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The report
of the committee of conference is privileged,
under the rule adopted by the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference, on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (K. K. No. 208J)
entitled "An act making appropriations for the sun-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1ST1,
and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
hereby recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the second, third, fourth, tilth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, four-
teenth, fifteenth, eighteenth, twenty-first, twenty-
second. twenty-fifth, and twenty-seventh sections
of the substitute of the House for the additional
sections added by the Senate as amendments to the
bill; and agree to the same.
That the House recedofromthesixteenth and nine-
teenth sections of their substitute, and thatthesame
be stricken from the bill.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth section of the House substitute and
agree to the same, with the following amendments,
namely:
1. After the word "wear," in line two, insert the
words "while on duty."
2. Strikeoutallaftertheword 'rank, "in line five,
down to the end of the section.
And that the House agree to said amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth section of the substitute of the House
and agree to the same, with an amendment, namely:
in line two, after the words "United States," insort
the words " on the active list; " and that the House
agree to said amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the twenty-third section of the substitute of the
House, and agree to the same with an amendment,
namely: in line six strike out all after the word
"Sunday," down to the end of the section j and that
the House agree to tho said amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
