1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
Aud I would remark here that the list
spoken of is the small pamphlet which has
bjeii shown to the Hoasethe large book is a
bound volume of the specifications and draw-
ings. The paper on which the specifications
were printed heretofore was contracted for in
very small quantities and was furnished at
merely a nominal rate per .sheet. Then, after
that, till a former colleague of mine on the
Printing Committee investigated matters, or-
ders were given for this paper at a very much
higher price; so that from thirty to forty thou-
sand dollars were spent where the contract only
called for $200.
"In addition to these Weekly lists I propose, as a
substitute for the annual report as now published,
th t sufficient number of copies of each en tirospeci-
fication and drawings be printed in fall, and that one
full set be deposited in tne capital of eaeh State, and
in eaoh lure city. This would furnish nearly all the
information to be obtained by a visit to tho Patent
Office, and would save inventors many Journeys to
Washington."
That is to say, it would give them nearly all
the information which a journey to Washington
would afford.
"It would enable counsel at a distance to examine
wftrchees and to obtain information now'practicall?
Inaccessible without ft personalvisit or the employ-
ment of resident counsel. To the Pacific eoast, the
West. South, and fir Northeast, such collections
would bcinvaluable- Each Annual set would be com-
posed in about fifty-two volumes. A sufficient num-
ber of them f«tr the- purpose stated and for office usee
could be furnished at an annual cost not exceeding
$108,000, or about one half the eostbf the present
annual report. lo make such a collection com-
plete"—
I would remark here that by this plan they
will furaiah one hundred espies for $100,000—
for that will be the effect of it—to take the place
of thirty thousand copies of a work the execu-
tion of which, aa any gentleman may satisfy
himself, for it is faere for investigation, is vastly
superior to that of the work which is proposed
to saparsade it.
"To make such a collection complete the back
faMrinffs and specifications of patents already issued
shopldbe published also."
That is not in this resolution^
" Pertkis pttrpoM the balance already standing to
tite credit of the patent fund ia probably suffioient."
I read this paragraph to caution the House
where this matter is to be pushed in the future.
For the present it will be asserted that we are
going to save $100,000 a year bj supplying and
placing in tine place or in-two or three places
in a State copies of the work on a new plan,
instead of the twenty or thirty thousand copies
heretofore distributed by the members of Con-
gress and the Commissioner of Patents. But
to furnish the back numbers, as is evidently con-
templated hereafter, resort is to be had to
the balance now standing to the credit of the
Patent Office. That balance was $531,045 64
en the 1st day of January last; and that will
be increased at the rate of $200,000 or more
per annum, unless you charge it where it ought
to be charged, to the publication of this book.
As the distribution of that $500,000 is an
object certainly contemplated here, I'desire to
say that there is aotina-eality any such balance,
for the simple reason that oat of that fund the
costof the publicationof the mechanical report
has never yet been taken. Now, what we ought
to do if. we want >to suspend the publication of
this book would be to cover that $500,-GOO into
the Treasury and let the work stop. But if we
want to give the inventor the benefit of the
book, we ought to publish a large number *Ci
cording to this plan; for the reason that if w6
adopt the other plan, as the chairman of the
Committee oh Printing has stated, everytime
we double the number proposed to be placed
at the various points throughout the United
States we double the cost; so that if succeed-
ing Congresses should insist upon printing
■more of th^e books, even to the extent of one
for each member of the two Houses, or to the
extent of one for each inventor, which may
probably be claimed hereafter—'if you do that,
the publication of this report will involve a
cost running into millions of dollars instead
41st Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 114.
ofhundreds of thousands, as at present. I
therefore caution the House to heed what it
doeB without more careful investigation. I
am not satisfied, and the more I investigate
the matter the less am I satisfied. I have
talked with the chairman of the Committee on
Patents, and have tried to believe as he does,
that the proposed change would be for the ben- j
efit of inventors and not of patent-lawyers.
There are many things connected with the pro-
Eosed change that I would like to talk about,
ut I have been cautioned not to occupy the
! attention of the House too long, as there are
I other gentlemen who desire to be heard.
' Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
! some questions. I understand that it is pro-
posed in Heu of the present mode of publishing
the proceedings of the patent department to
hare not only the drawings but also the speci-
fications fully published ; not published in an
abridged form or in any attempted shorter mode
: of statement, but fully published. Am I right
in that?
Mr. CAKE. Yes, sir; the gentleman is
right.
Mr. KERR. It is based upon the assump-
tion, I believe, that as they are now being pub-
' lished in the book which the gentleman holds
in his hand, they are to the mechanics, as well
as to the people generally, entirely unintelli-
gible ; that the attempt to abbreviate and sim-
plify them so as to get them within reasonable
compass has only sncceeded in making them
of no value, or of comparatively little value,
to the mechanics of the country. Am I right
in that?
Mr. CAKE. It has been so asserted, but I
do not agree to the feet.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman does not ap*
prove of that view of the case?
. Mr. CAKE. No, sir; I do not. The pub-
lication of an abstract or condensed form of
the specifications of the-thirteen or fourteen
thousand patents issued each year fills two vol*
umes. It is now proposed to publish the full
specifications in at least fifty-two volumes, and
each of them will be larger than either of the
volumes of the present report.
Mr. KERR. I have a good deal of confi-
dence in the gentleman's judgment on these
points, and I desire to know whether* he does
not concur in the general opinion tfaatitbese
books, a  now published, have very .little value
to- the mechanics of the country?
Mr- CAKE. Well, that has not. been my
experience. I think thatthese books have con-
tributed very materially to stimulate the invent-
ive genius of. the country. I have always
thought so.
Mr. KERR. Then let me put my inquiry in
a different form. Suppose that in a particular
line of invention." A" conceives that he has
made a discovery or an orginal invention.
Before incurring the expense of an application
to the Department he desires approximately at
least to determine whether his discovery is ori-
ginal^ Can he secure any light on that subject
from these books as now published, or is it not
necessary for him, in order to know whether it
is worth i^is while to make an application or
not, to apply, in the first instance, to some
agent here or elsewhere who is better advised
than he is, or to make his application to the
proper- bureau, and obtain, at the expense of
an original application, an answer saying that
his invention is not original and is therefore
worthless ? ' ' : '
Mr. CAKE. Is that the whole of the ques-
tion?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAKE. • I will answer it by saying that
I think it would be utterly impossible to get
up any publication that will so inform the in.-,
ventor that he will not be under the necessity
of applying to counsel. I presume he will always
have to apply either to the Patent Office or to
counsel; I do not believe that the proposed
change will at all simplify the taking out of pat-
ents. The only way to-save expense to -the in-
ventor would be to furnish to him the information
he needs by letter from the Patent Office; and
I take it that one or two additional deputies at
the Patent Office, if they were experts, would
be able to answer all such questions and to
send out the proper printed forms for the use
of applicants for patents. I do not, however,
think that it will ever be possible to do with-
out the aid of counsel in obtaining a difficult
patent. There are some things so simple that
they pass right through without obstructions.
Mr. KERR. Suppose that I admit that the
answer of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
covers the ground as far as he has gone; yet
does it not remain true that as a consequence
of the placing of these books in this new form,
so much more complete and perfect, at points
in the country where they will be accessible to
the mechanics of the country, there will grow
up agencies in the vicinity of these records
that will enable inventors, atmuchlessexpense,
to obtain substantially the same information,
and thus avoid the expense of a direct appeal
to the bureau at Washington?
Mr. CAKE. If that were so, then I would
say that it would carry out my theory that the
proposed change would be more in the interest
of the patent-lawyer than in the interest of the
inventor. And in answer to that question, I
would state that the Commissioner of Patents
in his report says, that by placing these books
at the several points designed by the resolu-
tion "it would enable counsel at a distance
to examine references, and to obtain informa-
tion now practically inaccessible without a per-
sonal visit, or the«mployment of resident coun-
sel;" that is, counsel residing in Washington
city.
It is not proposed by this resolution, placing
these records throughout the country, to furnish
more information than ' the applicant for a
patent can get in Washington city. And I
take it for granted that there will be very few
cases where a valuable patent is sought for
that the party will be content with even an
examination of these reoords or the judgment
of counsel; but in most cases they will make
a visit to the city of Washington and examine
the records in the Patent Office.
. Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes ?
Mr. CAKE. I shall be through in a moment
more, and then I will yield to the -gentleman.
I agree with the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckbs] that most of the patents which
have been taken out have not been profitable,
and that in regard to most of them no one has
profited by them except the Patent Office.
I I perceive that the House is getting rather
impatient, and I will yield for a few minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mumgen.J
Mr. LAFLIN. Will my colleague'on the
Committee on Printing, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Mungen,] yield to me before he
proceeds with his remarks, that I may call the
! previous question, so that this question may
be brought to a vote?
Mr. MUNGEN. Oh,.no; I Cannot consent
to that. I was called away to Annapolis yes-
terday, and did not hear the discussion on this
subject yesterday afternoon. But upon looking
over the report of the debate as puhlished in the
Globe I find that the chairman of the Commit*
teeonPrinting [Mr. LaflinJ says thatthis joint
resolution comes from that committee. In one
sense that is true. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr; Cake] and myself, as members
of that committee, agreed to allow the gen-
tleman • from 'New York, [Mr. Laflin,] the
chairman of the committee, to report thiajoint
resolution to the House.
Mr. CAKE. With the understanding that
we were not for it.,
Mr. MUNGEN. Yes; that we were not for
it, but would allow itto be reported totheHouse.
Now, let me call the attention of gentlemen,
and particularly of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] to one or two things. With all re-
spect for the usual good judgment of that gen-
