•1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
tlemaa, I think he is mistaken m this matter.
He speaks of the full publication of specifica-
tions made as required by law, and insinuates,
at least by his question to the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake,] that
that publication would post the inventor as to
whether there had been anything prior to his
invention which would lessen the value of it.
Now, if the joint resolution before the House
could be carried out to its full extent it would
by no means post the inventor touching any
point in that connection raised by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.] It would
only cumber the record, by making a volume
each week of some three hundred pages, or
some fifty-two volumes a year, which volumes
are to be shut up in libraries and offices to be
designated by the various district courts and
other authorized tribunals named in this joint
resolution. It w6uld not effect any saving
to the Government, but would simply crush
out invention and break down the spirit and
purpose of the Patent Office. Gentlemen will
remember one thing that is a matter of history,
that when the Patent Office was first started
it was a matter of experiment merely. It has,
however, succeeded and grown to be a self-sus-
taining institution. Under the present system,
which it is proposed now rashly to change, the
sum of $568,000 paid in by the inventors of
the country has been covered into the Treas-
ury of the United States. The Patent Office
has not cost the Government a dollar. The
Government has received that money, and it
is to-day covered into the Treasury.
Now, let me say another thing. There is a
'•job" in this matter. Let it be understood
that I do not in the remotest manner charge
the existence of any improper motives on the
part of die chairman of the committee. But
there is in this matter a big. job of printing,
Stereotyping, and lithographing. It is pro-
posed to take the $668,000 now in the Treas-
ury and give it to somebody for the prepara-
tion of these plates and these books. And
what will be the use of them? They will sim-
ply be hidden among, the archives of the dif-
ferent States or in the offices of the United
States district courts. Suppose an inventor
wants to have access to this great illuminated
thing which this resolution proposes to pub-
lish, what must he do? He must go to one of {
these offices or he must send an attorney. And ;
what is it that the inventor wants to refer to?
Everything be wants is the synopsis which has j
heretofore been published. The volumes which ,
it is now'proposed-io publish will not cover the
ground indicated by the honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] because they will
not tell the inventor anything about the im-
provements that. may have previously been
made in the line of the invention he has in
view. -He must get Buch information from
some other source. Under the present system
our Patent Office reports are printed and sent
broadcast over..the land. The people read
them, and, as has been w*ll said by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake,] they
stimulate .invention. The Patent' Office is a
self-sustaining institution# The people in read-
ing these reports are well repaid for tee expense
of maintaining that institution. Bnt under
the arrangement now proposed the people will
never see these reports.
See, for instance, how this system would
operate where I reside, one hundred and forty
miles from Cleveland. A man in my town or
district is getting up an invention and wants
to obtain some information on the subject. In
order to get that information he must send to
some patent-attorney residing in Cleveland, or
he must send an attorney there or go himself;
and what can he obtain from the volumes
deposited there more than he would get from
our present Patent Office reports^ with the
plates and specifications accompanying them ?
He gets from these Patent Office reports all
the information he could possibly obtain from
anything that maybe published under this res-
olution. Besides that, the perusal of these
works by men of inventive talent tends to
stimulate them to the origination of different
applications and extensions of the inventions
there described. This advantage would notbe
experienced under the system now proposed.
Now, sir, every one knows that the great
part of the cost of publishing these works arises
from the expense of the lithographic plates.
After the plates have been prepared tor the
few volumes which it is proposed to strike ott
the only expense for publishing additional
numbers is the cost of paper, folding, stitching,
and binding. The lithographic plates are there,
the stereotype plates are there, and when addi-
tional copies can be published at so small an
expense why should they not be furnished for
the use of the people who want to see them?
Scarcely a day passes that I do not receive
letters making application for these reports;
and in reply to such letters I send the reports
to our mechanic#, to the men engaged in our
machine-shops, &c. My district, although an
agricultural district* contains a great many
founderies and machine-shops. The men en-
gaged in such establishments want to see these
Patent Office reports; but they will never see
them if they be published in the form proposed
by the resolution. The people will not indorse
any such measure.
The Patent Office has not been an incum-
brance or expense to the Government. Five
hundred and.sixty-eight thousand dollars paid
into that office by inventors has, as I have
already remarked, been covered into the Treas-
ury of the United States. The genius of the
country is taxed to support this institution.
The inventors pay this money freely. But if
we adopt this system of weekly reports, each
volume containing some three hundred pages,
the men who are taxed for the support of the
Patent Office will never see its reports, unless
they take the trouble to go or send to the prob-
ably distant depositories where the volumes
are to be- found. Such an arrangement- may
suit men living in large cities, like Cincinnati
or Cleveland. But as a general tiling we do
not find inventors coming from such places.
It is true there are inventors there as well as
elsewhere; but I wish to say that the greater
Fart of our population is outside of the cities,
wish that understood, with all respect to the
city represented by my friend from Cincinnati.
So far as I have examined the larger proportion
of inventors do not come from the cities. I do
not say that there are no inventors in the cities;
but I do say that the cities do not contain the
great mass of our population, and that the
greater proportion of inventors come from the
rural districts, except in reference to some
classes of machinery.
I do not wish to take up the time of the
House at any great length. I do not see any-
thing in this resolution which will facilitate the
object in view. I do not wish to say anything
against any class of. persons; but I say this is
a fact, and I appeal to any gentleman who ever
read theBe reports through as to whether the
mass of the people outside are not interested
in them, whether if this resolution passes we
will ever see a volume of it at a less cost than
twenty or thirty dollars? If so, can we expect
that they will circulate throughout the country
as heretofore? The people write to us every
day fbr them. They read them and pass them
from hand to hand. Indeed, they are greatly
sought for by every one interested in mechan-
ics. If this resolution passes it will close the
port, so to speak.
There is no difficulty now in getting inform-
ation as to whether a certain invention is patent-
able or not. Any clerk or examiner getting
a letter on the subject will reply at once. The
present plan, in my opinion, is the cheapest.
These records are now to be placed in public
libraries and in the district courts. Now, I do
not see what the district courts have to do in
the matter. I hope the resolution will not pass.
Mr. CAKE. I now yield fifteen minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeds I wish to
move an amendment in the first section, to
strike out "nine" and insert "eight;" so that
it will read:
That the publication of the abstracts of specifica-
tions and of the engravings heretoforo accompany-
ing the annual report of the Commissioner of Patents
be discontinued after the publication of the report
for 1868, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
is one of the most important presented to the
House for a long time, and one which, in my
judgment, ought to receive the careful consid-
eration and the generous support of members.
In the first place it is the beginning of an
abandonment of the book-publishing business
on the part of the Government, and of the
present wasteful, unwise, and unsystematic
distribution of books by^he Government. ^ It
establishes the principle, the wise and just
principle, that all persons interested in books
or reports of value published by the Govern-
ment shall be allowed to obtain them of the
Government at the least possible expense. Then
books will be distributed without cost to the
Government, and they go into the hands of
those that want them and who will be bene-
fited by them. Of course, wherever they are,
they will be of value; and if the principle works
well and is to be continued I do not think it
would be unwise to apply it to the distribution
of agricultural reports, although if there be any
documents printed at the expense of the Gov-
ernment for free distribution among the people
the agricultural report should be oue of thein.
But, sir, if the farmers of the country could
get the agricultural report upon the payment
of twenty-five cents a volume it would be far
better for them and far better for the Govern-
ment than now, when it is distributed without
system, as well to those who do not want it as
to those who do, and when those who receive
them get only occasional volumes and are never
able to find at any cost or anywhere a complete
set, either for purchase or consultation.
In the proposition now before the House for
a change in the system of distributing the me-
chanical part of the Patent Office report we
are told that there will be a saving of from one
hundred thousand to one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. One hundred thousand dol-
lars at leaat, they say, will be saved upon one
document. Such reduction, if carried out,
with the abolition of the franking privilege,
would enable us to reduce the postage on let-
ters to one cent to all parts of the country, and
to make other great reforms affeetiog benefi-
cially all classes of people and interests in the
country. - .
If this resolution and this system of distri-
bution be adopted it will place in all parts of
the country, within Teach of all classes of peo-
ple, complete- and perfect sets of this most
important work, which are comparatively val-
ueless unless they are to be found in complete
sets. What is it? It is an encyclopedia ot
inventions. The volumes of the Patent Office
report of this year may be of some value to
those in whose hands they may foil, yet they
are of no permanent value if they cannot be
connected with other volumes which have pre-
ceded and which may hereafter be published.
What should we think of a resolution to dis-
tribute a cyclopedia, no matter of what char-
acter or value it might be, by giving one vol-
ume to one man and another to another ? Any
man can see that the distribution of a cyclo-
pedia is only completely useful when all tue
volumes go into the same hands or are subject
to examination. A part may have some acct-
dental value; but it is the whole only that
gives the full value of the work.
The mechanical part of the Patent Orh oe
report is a cyclopedia of inventions. It ou ght
to cover, and doubtless will cover in time, the
