5586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
to the twenty-fourth section of the substitute of the
House, and agree to tho same with an amendment,
namely : m lmo three, after the word "one," insert
the words or more;" and that the House agree to
said amendment.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement
to the twenty-sixth section of the substitute of tho
House, and agree to the same with the following
amendments, namely i
linp. three strike out the words " twelve thou-
sand and insert in lieu thereof the words 44 thirteen
thousand five hundred."
. ^ lip© strike Out the word "ten" and
mspvt m lieu thereof the word 44 eleven."
3. In lmo five, after the words 44 seven thousand,"
add the words "five hundred."
# 1. In line six, after the words "fivo thousand,"
insert the words 44 five hundred."
o. In line nineteen strike out the word 44 fourteen"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "fifteen."
0. In lino twenty-nine strike out tho word "con-
tinuous,"
T. In line forty-ono striko out tho wordg " when
necessary."
And that tho House agree to all tho said amend-
ments.
That both Houses agree to the following amend-
ments to tho bill, namely :
1. In lines seven and eight strike out all after the
word ' Army" and insert the words "twelvo mil-
lion nine hundred and thirty-lour thousand and
ninety dollars."
2. Strike outlines nine, ten, and eleven, and linos
fiUeen and sixteen.
O. J. DICKEY,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
J. F. ASPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
HENflY WILSON,
SIMON CAMERON,
^ WILLAKD WARNER,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the report of tho committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE rilOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cuxtojc Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 382) granting 6ight pieces of
condemned cannon to the Ladies' Soldiers'
Monument Association of the city of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, for the erection of soldiers'
monuments.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on th'e disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill "(H. R. No. 2369)
making additional appropriations, and to sup-
ply the deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1533) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1871.
The message likewise announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1335)
to admit the State of Georgia to representation
in the Congress of the United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President j?ro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 1047) to extend letters-patent
granted to John Bacheluer;
A bill (S. No. 296) to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue ; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 34) authorizing
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian children
who may be entitled to pensions or bounties
under the existing laws.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It. !
No. 2413) making appropiiations to enable the [
President to pay certain auuuicies to and pre- i
serve the peace with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1871.
.Mr. DAVIS. I will read an extract from the
opinion of Chief J ustice Marshall in the ease of
the Cherokee Nation vs. the State of Georgia,
5 Peters, in relation to Indian treaties:
''T^P Indiafi nations had always been considered
as distinct, independent, political communities, re-
taining their original natural rights, as tho undis-
puted possessors of tlie soil, from time immemorial,
with the single exception of that imposed by irro-
sistible power, which excluded thorn from intercourse
with any other European potentates than the lirstdis-
coverer of tho coast of tho particular region claimed,
and this was a restriction which those European
potentates imposed on themselves as well as on tho
Indians. Tho very term ' nation,' so generally ap-
plied to them, means 'a pcopledistinet from others.'
Iho Constitution, by declaring treaties already made,
as well as those to be made, to bo tho supreme
law of tho land, has adopted and sanctioned the pre-
vious treaties with the Indian nations, and conse-
quently admits their rank among those Powers who
are capable of making treaties. The words 'treaty'
and ' nation' are words of our own language, selected
in our diplomatic and legislative proceedings, by
ourselves, having each a definite and woll-under-
stood meaning. Wo have applied thorn to Indians,
as we havo applied them to other nations of the earth.
I bey are applied to all in the sane senso."
Now, sir, I read from another opinion ren-
dered by the same illustrious judge in the case
of the United States vs. Clark, 9 Peters:
" When tho United States acquired and took pos-
session of tho Hondas, the treaties which had been
made with the Indian tribes beforo tho acquisition
of the territory by Spain and Great Britain, remained
m force over all the ceded torritory, as tho laws
which regulated tho relations with all tho Indians
who woro parties to them, and wero binding on tho
United States by the obligation thoyhad assumed
by tho Louisiana treaty as a supremo law of the
land, which was inviolablo by tho power of Congress.
They were also binding as tho fundamental law of
Indian rights! acknowledged by royal orders and
municipal regulations of the province, as the laws
and ordinances ot Spain, in tho ceded, provinces,
which wore declared to continue in force by tho proc-
lamation of the Govornor in talcing possession of tho
provinces; and by tho acts of Congress which assured
ail the inhabitants of protection in their property.
It would be an unwarranted construction of these
treaties, laws, ordinances, and municipal regulations
to decide that the Indians were not to be maintained
in tho enjoyment of all tho rights which tlioy could
have onjoyed under either, had tho provinces re-
mained under the dominion of Spain. It would bo
rather a perversion of thoir spirit, meaning, and
terms; contrary to the injunction of tho law under
which the courts act, which makes the stipulations
of any treaty, the laws and ordinances of Spain, and
these acts of Congress, so far as either apply to this
oaso, tho standard rules of its decision."
That authority is as express as it could be
spoken in our language. The Supreme Court
there decides that Indian nations are separate
existing political communities; that they have
been so treated by all the Powers of Europe
that held colonies on this continent and estab-
lished relations between the Governments hold-
ing the colonies and the Indian tribes; that
they were so treated by the United States under
the old Articles of Confederation; and that the
Constitution of the United States, by recogniz-
ing the validity of obligations avid contracts
made under tho old Confederation, made those
treaties obligatory upon the United States
under th'e Constitution as the supreme law of
the land.
Sir, they went to this extent, that the Indian
treaties made by England and Spain with na-
tions or tribes residentin Florida while Florida
was owned by those Powers, being the law be-
tween thosePowersandthe Indian tribes, when
Spain ceded the Floridas to the United States
the obligation, the effect, the whole force, as
law and as the supreme law of the land, of the
treaties which those Powers had made with the
Florida, Indians, was transferred to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and became as
valid and obligatory upon the Government of
the United States as though those treaties had
been made and negotiated by the United States
Government itself. Yea, more ; that these In-
dian nations were nations in the sense in which
England and France and the other Powers of
the world were nations in their relations with
the United States ; that they had the same
power to treat on ail subjects, except the ulti-
mate ownership of the soil, that other nations
had; that we ealied them nations; that we
negotiated treaties with them, and used terms
derived from our own language, of plain and
explicit import and meaning—the words " na-
tions" and "treaties;" and that these terms
when applied to the Indian nations had pre-
cisely the same effect and the same obligation
upon the United States that treaties between
the United States and France or England or
Spain or any other civilized Power had.
Now, sir, whence this new assumed position
of the House of Representatives, that Indian
treaties have no validity, that there are no obli-
gations upon the Government of the United
States resulting from treaties between our Gov-
ern ment and the Indian tribes? Their posi-
tion ia that they are void; that they are made
without authority. Who is the best judge of
the power of the Government to make Indian
treaties? We have the action of the men who
made the Constitution, the uniform usage and
custom of every European Power since the first
establishment of colonies by them on the con-
tinent of America. There never was a Power
that held a colony upon the continent of Amer-
ica that did not make treaties with the Indian
nations, and those treaties were regarded by
those Powers, by the whole civilized world, and
by the moral law of nations, as valid treaties,
obligations of the highest character made be-
tween separate nationalities, to use the express-
ive language of Chief Justice Marshall. Why,
sir, the claim of the House is monstrous. What
do the House propose to do? To expunge the
treaty-making power as it is organized and
vested by our Constitution, so far as it relates
to all the Indian tribes. Shall they be counte-
nanced or tolerated in this position of usurpa-
tion ? If so, their next stride will be to require
treaties made with the civilized Powers of the
earth to be submitted to the House of Repre-
sentatives. Sir, the position is monstrous. It
has no authority; it has no reason; it has no
justice; it is revolutionary in its character. Its
effect and purpose are to displace and derange
the powers of the Government as they wex-e
organized and established, and vested by the
Constitution.
Sir, have the House of Representatives any
power to do this? Will the Senate submit to
such an atrocious aggression upon their con-
stitutional rights? Will they permit the prac-
tice of our country, from a period anterior to
the Revolution up to within the last year or
two, sanctioned by every Congress, by every
President, by the Supreme Court, by all the
courts of the United States, and by the un-
broken public opinion from the time these
treaties were originated to the present- time,
to be changed in this manner? Shall the
Senate of the United States tamely and sub
missively submit to be deprived of a plain con-
stitutional power, vested in the President aiv'i
in the Senate, thus exercised, thus sanctioned
by the uniform practice of the Government, by
the uniform practice of all civilized natiomi",
and by the acquiescence and confirmation cf
the American people from the infancy of our
nation, by an aggressive and usurping Houi/e
of Representatives?
Sir, the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois is the true one. Let us seud
back to the Housfe such an Indian appropria-
tion bill as has been sanctioned from the be-
ginning of onr Government, and as has be«n
sanctioned by every session of Congress that,
has been held since the Government com-
menced its operations. Sir, some of the treaties
in that bill are sanctioned by the action of the
House in constituting the commission that was
to negotiate these treaties with the express
direction that they should be submitted to the
Senate. The position of the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois is worthy of him, of his pro-
found constitutional and legal knowledge, of
his patriotism, of his courage as a patriot, of
his devotion to our Constitution and to its
adjustment of powers. I trust that the Senate
will assume the position proudly and maintain
it immovably that the'House shall not make
