3698
T£IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Indiana borrowed hia facts a little too credu-
lously. It was evident to the House that lie
had to turn every lew moments to the gentle-
man whom he was representing to pick up a
statement of fact.
One word as to violence. Having spoken of
the size of the district, I wish to contrast the
two parts of the district, one of which was
peaceable and the other violent. There were
four parishes that were controlled by violence,
the upper Red river parishes—Caddo, De
Soto, Bossier, and Sabine—the central towu
of which was Shreveport; and any man who
knows anything of Louisiana and of the South
knows that Shreveport is one of the air-holes
of perdition on the face of the earth. There law-
less violence reigned. Men came to Shreveport
armed with revolvers, bearing four revolvers
on their persons—two in their belts and two in
their boots—and sometimes having a double-
barreled shot-gun sluug over the shoulders;
and they shot men down in the open streets with
impunity. Then, j ust opposite Shreveport, oc-
curred one of the bloodiest riots which redden
the pages of history. The whites sallied out from
Shreveport and murdered the colored men by
the hundred aud drove others to the swamps,
from which they did not dare to return for two
or three weeks. Violence reigned supreme
in that region. In De Soto and Sabine the
Kuklux controlled until after the election.
In all those four parishes violence reigued; in
six it did not. About two thirds of the dis-
trict were peaceable; one third was lawless.
Now, what was the result? In four parishes
but three Republican votes were cast. In four
parishes, where two thirds of the voters were
Republicans—aj, black Republicans—three
Republican votes were cast. In one not a
single Republican vote was cast. And yet
gentlemen tell ua that there was no violence!
Such a statement is absurd upon its face. This
House, on both sides, has voted that where vio-
lence reigned in any parish that parish snail
not be counted.
Mr. MUNGEN. That is, reigned supreme.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; that when vio-
lence reigned supreme, as it reigned supreme
in this case, the parish shall not be counted.
Even the other side of the House, in order to
keep a Republican out, voted for that princi-
ple, judicially and judiciously. This side has
voted for it three times. We have done right
thrioe, and they.once in that respect. Then,
four parishes must be excluded. What, then,
remains ? Two thirds of the district, in which
a majority of the people reside, in which a
•majority of tbe electors were registered, in
which a majority of the voters voted, and in
which Me. Newsham received a majority of
.the. votes cast.
We have here, then, every element of a good
ease. There is nothing in it to strain at, noth-
ing io hurt anybody's conscience on this side
of the House, nothing to excite the amazement
of those who may happen to have none on
either side of the House. It is a clear case,
in which even the principle of a choice of
evils would require the seating of the Repub-
lican candidate. The greater part of the dis-
trict, that containing the majority of the inhab-
itants, the majority of the registered voters,
the majority of the voters voting, was peace-
able, and gave a majority of votes to Mr. New-
sham. If you do not recognize that vote, you
deny the peaceable majority of the people of
the district the right of representation because
the minority lave made riot and bloodshed.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BURDETT. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wil-
kinson.]
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
not risen lor the purpose of discussing this
question generally. I have not had time fully
to investigate the facts. Bat I have risen
mainly for the purpose of sending to the Clerk's
desk, to be read, a letter which I hold in my
hand,, written by a Democrat, a loyal Demo-
crat, a gentleman who figured in the Demo-
cratic party for many years in connection with
my colleague on the other side of the House,
[Mr. Wilson.] He was a representative in
the Legislature for several years from the city
of St. Paul. When the war broke out he
enlisted on the Union side, received a com-
mission, and was a member of the staff of the
gallant General A. J. Smith. After the war was
over he resided in the district the representa-
tion of which is now contested. He is a man
in every way worthy of credit, intelligent,
honest, and truthful. I prefer that his name
should not be read, for the reason that it might
affect him personally at home in Louisiana.
But I will state to gentlemen upon the other
side of the House that I have shown this letter
to my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] who will prob-
ably vote with them in tliia contest, and that
he will indorse the credibility, respectability,
and reliability of the gentleman who wrote it.
Mr.. VOORHEES. Allow me to say to the
gentleman from Minnesota that his colleague
is not present, and certainly it strikes me as a
very unfair proceediug to read an anouymous
letter without the name being given.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is not anonymous.
The name is there.
Mr. SCHUMA1CER. I think it only fair to
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson]
to say that I was present when the gentleman
spoke to Mr. Wilson on this subject, and Mr.
Wilson turned to me and said, " I will vouch
for his Democracy, hut he was a bitter copper-
head, a Breckinridge Democrat, and I have no
doubt has the same tendency toward radical-
ism down South." That is what he said to me.
Mr. WILKINSON, Who was that?
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Mr. Wilson told me
that this man was a very bitter Breckinridge
Democratj and he had no doubt he changed
his politics after he went South.
Mr. WILKINSON. Let the letter be read.
Mr. VOORHEES. If I can do so, I shall
object to the reading of that letter. It is not
in evidence.. . •
Mr. STEVENSON. I presume the gentle-
man from Minnesota can have it read as apart
of his remarks.
Mr. VOORHEES. Very well.
The Clerk read as follows:
StSamer B. L. Hodges, March 5,1870.
Drab Sib: I lire in Caddo parish, Louisiana. I
j i see-by the papers of this mo ruing that a man calling
; himself Mike Ryan is likely to get a seat in Congress
1 from the fourth congressional district of Louisiana.
God forbid 1 He is a rebel of the darkest dye. He is
the leader of an element in.this country that says no
northern man shall live here; also an enemy of the
colored man ana his rights. After the Red river cam-
paign, I learn from reliable authority, he went on
1 like a crazy man, cursed us for thieves, and advo-
cated the hanging of every northern man that we
leftorshouldbecapturedin thecountry. As regards
taking the oath, he will take any oath. He is not |
to bo believed under oath. I attempted to stop j
the people down hero, that is, the class that Ryan is
king of, from robbing and murdering negroes. They
, surrounded my house for thirty days, swearing to
take my life, because I was a northern man and an
1 ex-Federal officer. I had my negroes, thirty-odd,
: armed and on guard for thirty days. I Was only
relieved from danger by General W. T. Sherman
' sending me a company of United States cavalry. I
have United States troops stationed on myplanta-
. tion to protect my life and property. Withdraw the
troops from my place and the parish and I shall be
forced to leave, otherwise they would kill me.
Admitting Ryan to a seat in Consrcss would be
! reconstruction with a vengeance. You had better
; send tho State to hell at once. I have always been a
Democrat; but God forgive me for it, if you call that
Democracy.
From your old frifcnd,
The boat shakes so, I doubt if you can.read it. If
these facts are of any account to tho committee
band this letter to Hon. J.E. Stevenson, chairman.
To Hon. M. S. Wilkinson.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us have the name of
the writer.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to say to the gentle^
man on the other side of the House who states
that this gentleman was a Democrat before he
went down South, and is uow a Radical, that a
short residence in the South will convert; a
i great many Democrats.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say one word
further.
Mr. BUllDETT. I yield to tho gentleman
for a minute.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
said that letter had a name attached to it. W by
is it not read?
Mr. WILKINSON. In answer to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sciiumakeu,] I
wish to state that this gentleman was a Dem-
ocratic candidate for Congress in 1808.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. The gentleman's col-
league said he was a Breckinridge Democrat
at the North, and he supposed that when lie
went South he was just as radical the other
way.
Mr. BURDETT. I rise to close the debate.
Mr. VOORHEES. In behalf of fair deal-
ing, I ask the gentleman to yield. Judge Ryan
asks the House through me that he may be
heard for a minute in this matter.
Mr. BURDETT. I desire to be as courteous
as possible, and I will be so. I believe I have
but thirteen minutes left.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman surely
does not wish this assault on Judge Ryan to
go unanswered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Niblack
in the chair.) The gentleman has twenty-one
minutes of the hour left.
Mr. BURDETT. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. VOORHEES. Judge Ryan says he
wants about two minutes.
Mr. BURDETT. Then I will yield to him
for two minutes, and then I give notice to the
House I will yield no further.
Mr. RYAN, (the contestee.) It was not my
intention at the inception of this proceeding to
address the House, nor should I have done so
if gentlemen in discussing this case had con-
fined themselves to the testimony taken by the
committee. But at this last moment they
come forward with a letter of accusation against
me from some unknown man;: a letter which,
from anything that appears here, may have
been written by the man who is contesting my
right to a seat upon this floor ; a letter which
may have been written by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] or the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Burdett,] so far as this House
is informed.
Sir, I deny every word, I deny every syllable
contained in that letter, so far as it seeks to
disparage me in any respect. It is false alto-
gether, no matter from what source it may
have come. I may aud probably will be com-
pelled to return to my people without being
permitted to occupy that seat upon this floor
to which the people of the fourth congressional
district of Louisiana have elected me. This
House has the power to prevent my exercising
here the high trust delegated to me by my con-
stituents.
But, sir, I have the right to vindicate my
character against the foul aspersions and calum-
niations sought to be fastened upon me by the
letter which has just been read. Sir, I. stood
by the nation's cause for the integrity of my
adopted country. I am now a Demoerat as I
have always been a Democrat. But I opposed
secession and favored the national cause., The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
in his time of difficulty and trial as a commander
of one of the armies of the Union, made ray
house his headquarters, and slept there, and
had an opportunity to know my sentiments at
that time. I call upon, that distinguished gen-
tleman to rise in his place here, and in vindi-
cation of my charaoter and of right and justice
to state what he knows concerning my ©piuions
at the time to which I have referred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS., I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bbrdett] to y ield to me for one
moment,
Mr. BiURDETT. If it shall not couia out
of my time. '•
