1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
tion, so as to abolish slavery by the prescribed
mode, against a class of thinkers who held that
in that respect the Constitution was unamend-
able except by the consent of all the States.
I held then, as I hold nowr that unlimited
amendment is an element of democracy and
republicanism. May I be allowed to quote
what I then said :
" It has been the characteristic of our democratic
institutions that our ancestry, however prudent and
wise, did not tie the hands of the children nor
shackle their liberties by laws so irrevocable that
no mode of change was allowed. In our State con-
stitutions this power of amendment has been and is
being exercised almost every decade. Why? On
the principle of Jeremy Bentham (Benthamiana,
page 220,) that at each point of time the sovereign
for the time possesses such means as the nature of
the case affords for making himself acquainted with
the exigencies of his own time. With reference to
the future he has no such means. Bentham thus
argues against the transfer of the government from
those who possess the best means to those who pos-
sess the least means of information. Shall the past
century rule the present? No, not unless they are
better informed or feel more interest in the future
generation than their own. Why should we of the
nineteenth century tie up the hands of the twen-
tieth? Whyshould the dead forever rule the livine?
Is a tyranny to bo inexorable because it is established
in the past ? Is a lawimmutable because made by the
fathers ? If the law be despotic, who then shall re-
verse it? From these general principles I deduce
the reason why I choose to argue this amendment
rather upon its unwisdom than upon the lack of
power to make it. 'It is only,' Mr. Bentham says,
'when the law is mischievous that an argument of
this stamp will bo employed to support it. Suppose
a law a good one, it will lie supported, not by ab-
surdity and deception, but from its own excellency.
A declaration that this or that law is immutable, so
far from being a proper argument to enforce its per-
manency, is rather a presumption that such a law
has some mischievous tendency.'"
In the light of these canons of progressive
political philosophy, where is the man to rise
up and say that all goodness and greatness, all
policies of right, and all genius of statesman-
ship belonged to that miserable mockery of a
mosaic convention which wintered at Rich-
mond in 1867-68? Who will say that a con-
vention made up of the Underwoods, Wellses,
and Chandlers, (the successors of Jefferson,
George Mason, and Madison—forsooth!) who
incubated that system of iron-clad tests which
even the military Sehofiehl derided and the
people rejected, were fit legislators of all the
ages? Oh, yes! they knew it all and for all
time! When theyand their indorsers heredie
all wisdom dies with them! [Laughter.] Your
bill says "never!" "never!" shall their work be
changed ! A convention where ignorance was
representing intelligence, and where spite pre-
vailed and not charity ; and even the mulatto
barbers and black field hands, who had sharp-
ened their minds on the razor-strap and cud-
geled their brains with their ox-goads, [laugh-
ter,] and had learned some lessons of kindness
toward their old masters, were constrained to
belie their loving natures by white bravado and
cunning—can such a convention work better
than Providence ? His heavens are to be rolled
up like a scroll, but we make the work of these
men eternal. The seasons shall come and go in
their beautiful procession along the blue-tinted
mountains of Virginia, butthis Radical structure
shall outlive their rocky ridge! In that grand
future down which the historian Alison gazed
when he saw "British greatness setting in the
Old to rise renewed in this New World; when
the name of England should survive, under the
shadow of ancient renown through a hundred
and fifty million men in North America speak-
ing its language and glorying in its descent;"
when from ocean to ocean and equator to pole
the oeean-bonnd Republic of our dreams should
arise, sounding down this gorgeous, perspective
corridor of the future, we hear the voice of
this Virginia convention of 3868 squeaking out
its little treble, "You shall never! never!
change the work of this tesselated black and
white convention of 1868!" [Laughter.] And
when in that future the teeming valleys and
hills of Virginia shall smile with cultivation,
when even her ensanguined "wilderness" shall
blossom as the rose; when her population of
twenty-five millions shall be elevated in the
culture of the advanced century; her magnifi-
cent rivers bear her produce to the sea with
inventions undreamed of by us; and her cities
rival those of tho Genoese, Venetian, Dutch,
and Spanish in commercial enterprise, then,
methinks I hear the penny-whistle of this Vir-
giniaconvention and this Congress stillsounding
down the gorgeous perspective, "No change!
Never! never disturb the work of the mosaic
statesmen of 1808!" [Laughter.]
Such legislation as this, Mr. Speaker, is vain
and foolish, and therefore it is revolutionary.
The attempt to constrain men from alteringtheir
fundamental law is a provocation to revolution.
The quiet revolutions provided in all our con-
stitutions are neither violent nor tempestuous.
I do not belong to the fomenters of revolution
by means of repressive measures. While I
would not tie down the future of Virginia by
irrevocable laws, 1 would not give to this or to
future Congresses or Legislatures pretexts to
enforce penalties by armies. We want no pre-
texts, no provocations, and no temptations like
this bill, "no Federal chapters to be backed up
by Federal bayonets." The device of this bill,
thus developed in the remarks of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence, ] shows
a disregard as well of the safe processes of
judicature as of the calm movements of rational
progress. There is in this measure the seeds
for a crop of armed men. At the first blush
it seemed an atrocity in advance even of the
Georgia advance upon the vindictive legisla-
tion of Congress; but as we have progressed in
this debate its enormity has grown into gigan-
tic and monstrous proportions. It is a bold,
bad step toward that consolidation which to be
secure must be armed; which, to be sure of its
slaves and victims, must throttle them with the
mailed hand.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I will be par-
doned at least by this side of the House if I allude
to associations which should have some influ-
ence in dealing with Virginia. I was pleased to
note the reverence paid to the mother of States
and statesmen by the Republican member from
Tllinois[Mr. Farxswortii] inchargeofthisbill.
He seemed to forget, in the benevolence of his
heart, the monstrous error of Virginia in these
later days. He dwelt with pride upon her an-
cient renown. My friends from Ohio and New
York [Mr.-Morgan and Mr. Wood] brushed
from the historic past some of the dust which
has been gathering upon these early associa-
tions. For one I was touched by the recital.
I am no laudator temporis acti, except when
' the deeds of the pas tare praiseworthy. Where
in all the annals of our country can we look
for incidents, events, and deeds so conspicuous
for disinterested heroism, elevated thought,
eloquent speech, and political philosophy as in
Virginia.
In dealing with her errors have these asso-
ciations no gentle amenity, no tender voice?
There is amnesty in the very name, Virginia.
The names of her rivers, towns, and counties are
epochs! Upon her soil the white man from the
Old World first set his foot and planted his set-
tlement. Her youth was attended by romances
to which the tales of tho story-teller bear no
comparison. She made a model of republican
government before the boasted institutions of
other sections were conceived or framed. In
her ante-revolutionary times'she gave us sol-
diers for the field and statesmen for the coun-
cil—men of character, refinement, scholarship,
dignity, and probity, beside whom the giants
of these days are pigmies beneath a colossus!
Her revolutionary fame reached its climax at
Yorktown, but the fame of her sons, who aided
that consummation, is associated with the bat-
tle-fields of independence in every State. Have
we ceased to recall Randolph, Pendleton, Rich-
ard Henry Lee, and Wrythe. who ten years be-
fore the Revolution sounded the tocsin of in-
dependence? Even the school-boys remember
Henry's burst of impassioned eloquence when
he warned the House of Burgesses that the
clanking of their chains could be heard on the
plains of Boston. These chains! is there no
link in them to revive our better patriotism? Or
are these chains, once forged for Boston and
Virginia, now forged by Boston for Virginia?
If she has had her recent shame let the drapery
of oblivion drop over it. Draw aside another
curtain that we may gaze upon the majestic
front of our Pater Patrice! Let Appomattox
be forgotten at Mount Vernon. Let hiw who
inspired and penned the Declaration and him
who aided so much to devise and shape the
Constitution be remembered. By all the be-
nignities which have flowed from the -pre-
cepts and examples of these demi-gods of
our early day upon North and South, and es-
pecially upon the West, let the justice which
these our benefactors would crave for the
State they cherished be awarded. Virginia
is not only the mother of statesmen but of
Slates. She gave the Northwest to the Union.
Guided by her hand they grew to honor, and
even to rival and surpass her. Well they remem-
bered the teachings of their mother. When
that mother comes to them in humiliation shall
she be met with scorn ? Shall she be cast from
them in her hour of need and despondency?
Shall her very pride, pardonable when it gazes
upon her past, be cast at her with reproach ?-
To insult, menace, distrust, and degrade a
mother is a scandal only less than a crime.
Even if that mother has wandered from the
household, erratic and soiled with the wanton
waywardness of the world, it is the sign of an
ingrate and a coward to taunt and abuse her
in her distress. Even the child of shame would
hesitate to heap fresh disgrace upon the mother v
which bore him. When he adds matricide to
ingratitude the depth of social infamy isreached.
There is no lower depth.
I was glad to hear the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnworth] recall the fact that
Virginia was driven from the Union by urgent
and passionate counsels, and that, too, after
she had voted for the Union. I had the honor
of a seat here then by the side of one of lier
best sons, General Millson, of Norfolk. How
we labored with pen and frank, day and night,
to save his State from rash action is hardly
known to his own friends. I labored with him,
and the response was given in sixty thousand
majority. When the war came, it was with
sadness yet with courage her sons, under mis-
taken views of allegiance, bared their breasts
to the storm. Her Jacksons and her Lees did
no dishonor to the courage of her revolution-
ary biood. It is no dishonor to the generals
who at last were able to match them, by supe-
rior force and persistence, that I would leave
the laurels of the soldier upon their brow.
The brave men who met them in battle have
shown no prescriptive or ungenerous spirit.
As some one has said, it is the non-combatant
in that war whose rage is to be restrained at
this late day.
I shall vote for the substitute of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] because it has
in it something of that divine grace of forgive-
ness which if we cannot accomplish in its per-
fect Christian spirit we may approximate to-
ward it in the timorous and halting way of mor-
tals. It is the genuine spirit of peace which
the angelic chorus heralded upon the advent
of the Prince of Peace himself! It is not the
peace of the " bowed head or the bent back
but it is the beginning of that reign of concord
which will bind the States into kinder relations
and lead us onward and upward to that "peace
which passeth all understanding!"
By all the memories which belong to the
heroic past; by all the interests which are bound
up with the Union for whose integrity our own
brave men fought; by the genius of that future
of the United States which is to arise for the
renovated luster of the world; in the name of
that political science so conspicuously illus-
trated in Virginia's history, and so flagrantly
spurned by this bill; by the personal and pub-
lic welfare of all our States and people; and
