1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5587
this aggression upon the Constitution and the
constitutional treaty-making power vested in
the President and in the Senate. If the House
choose to disperse without passing an appro-
priation bill such as is usual, such as has been
passed every year of the existence of our Gov-
ernment, and leave all the obligations of the
existing treaties unexecuted and unprovided
for, be that responsibility upon them. As one
man, T never will become particeps criminis,
or yield one iota, one hair's breadth of this
undoubted constitutional power of the Presi-
dent and the Senate to make Indian treaties.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON'. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hot.) The Senator from Ohio is entitled to
the floor. Does he yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. THU RMAN. I would rather say what
little I have to say now.
Mr. CAMERON. I was about to move an
adjournment.
Air. THURMAN. I hope not. I prefer to
sav what I have to say now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, those who
promote the action of the House, now under
consideration, or at least the most long-sighted
find perhaps the most influential among them,
are a set of men who believe that the tribal
organization and independence of the Indians
should be broken up, and that they should be
regarded as so many individuals subject to the
jurisdiction and government of the United
States. That policy contemplates gathering
them together simply as so many denizens of
the United States, having no independent ex-
istence whatsoever as a nation or as a tribe,
on comparatively small reservations, and estab-
lishing over them a territorial form of govern-
ment. That is the policy which lies at the bot-
tom of all this action of the House, and which
lies at. the bottom of nearly all. the opposition
to the Indian policy that now exists, or any
other that has been proposed.
Now, I wish to call the attention of Senators
to what would be the effect of that policy if
carried out. The first effect of it would be to
make every Indian in the United States a citi-
zen of the United States; for what says your
fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution ?
"All perrons born or naturalized in tlio United
States, and subjcct to the jurisdiction thereof, aro
citizens of the United States."
Why are not Indians now citizens of the
United States? Because, owing to their in-
dependent tribal existence, they are not sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United States. I
repeat, the only reason why Indians are not
now citizens of the United States is owing to
their independent tribal organization recog-
nized by this Government ever since the Gov-
ernment had an existence, acknowledged in
innumerable treaties and statutes. That inde-
pendent tribal organization and existence pre-
vents their being subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States; and that being the case,
they not being subject to that jurisdiction, they
are not now citizens of the United States. It
you destroy that independent tribal organiza-
tion, make them simply so many denizens
upon our soil, gather them together in small
communities and put over them a territorial
government, thus making them completely
subject to our laws, that very instant every
one of them becomes a citizen of the United
States; that very instant every male Indian
twenty-one years of age and upward becomes
a voter, if there is any voting provided by law
where he lives. The policy, therefore, that I
am combating is a proposition to introduce
another new body of voters into the country,
and a body so savage that every year finds us
ill war with them.
The next objection to that policy would be
this : if you establish territorial governments
over them yon cannot prevent white migration
into those Territories. You will have no right
to do it. There is no right under the Con-
stitution to forbid a citizen from moving into
any Territory of the United States. The only
reason why you can prohibit the whites from
going on the Indian reservations is that the
Indians are an independent people, that you
may make treaties with them, and to preserve
the peace with them you may prevent encroach-
ments upon their lauds. But if you make them
just so many citizens of the United States and
erect a territorial government over them, that
moment that whole Territory is open to the
migration of the whites. What then will be-
come of the Indiaus? What then will become
oftheir lands ? The whites will crowd in. They
will soon be a majority in any Territory that
you may establish. They will vote the lands to
whom they please. The railroads will get the
greater part of them ; and as for the Indians
they will perish from the face of the earth.
Sir, this is a question between doing our duty
to these poor people, doing the duty that a great
and humane nation owes to those who are thus
thrown upon its charity for support and exist-
ence, on the one hand, or exterminating them
from the face of the earth. That is the truth
of it. At the bottom of this opposition to pay-
ing the annuities provided for by these treaties
is the fact that those who oppose it do not want
to recognize the capacity of the Indians to make
a treaty at all. They want to deny their inde-
pendent tribal existence; they want to crush
it out of existence; they want to put an end
to it. Therefore they do not want to recognize
the Indians as capable of making treaties with
us at all. Just so long as these treaties are ful-
filled, the"other.policy to which I have alluded,
that of making them all citizens of the country
and establishing territorial governments over
them, Will not be carried out; but the moment
you refuse to pay them their annuities, the mo-
ment you reverse our entire policy on this sub-
ject, then the door is open to the other policy,
which means simply extermination and nothing
less than that. If the Senate is prepared for
that, if it is prepared to raise the tomahawk,
never again to be buried as long as there is an
Indian in the land, then follow the lead the
House has taken and put an end to all these
treaties; but if you do not mean extermination,
if you do not mean massacre, then I hope the
Senate will not be prepared to yield.
Mr. President, the question as it is now pre-
sented to us for immediate decision is one of
very great difficulty indeed. All the impulses
of my heart and ol my judgment would concur
with what has been said by the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Kentucky. But
let us look at it a little in a practical point of
view. This is no new subject with the Senate;
it is no new subject with the House. The bill
which the Senator from Illinois says he will
move as a substitute for the amendment offered
by the chairman of ike Committee on Appro-
piiations is the bill which the House has sol-
emnly refused to pass. It lias refused to pass
it, notonly once, but it lias adhered to its dissent
to that bill. It will not pass it, 1 believe, and
therefore the question is whether you will have
any appropriation at all, or whether you will
adopt the substitute offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations. Are we
prepared to say we will have no appropriation
at all, and content ourselves, console ourselves,
defend ourselves in conscience or before the
people, by throwing the responsibility upon the
House of Representatives? I, for one, cannot
do that. I cannot risk all the danger that will
result from having no appropriations at all.
I cannot risk the danger that will result from
two or three hundred thousand starving In-
dians on the plains, as there will be this year
if you make no appropriat ions. I cannot incur
that risk and justify myself by saying the re-
sponsibility of it is on the House of Represent-
atives. And that being the case, although I
feel the full force of what has been said by the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Kentucky, I am constrained to vote for the
proposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to oc-
cupy any time on this subject; but I wish to
say a word in reply to the statement of fact
made by the Senator from Kentucky. He
says treaties have been made with the Indians
since the foundation of the Government; but
let me remind him that notwithstanding those
treaties the people of the United States, com-
mencing on the Atlantic coast, have got pos-
session of the lands, have moved directly for-
ward, and have crossed the Mississippi; so
that it is possible to get the lands that the In-
dians are roaming over under the treaty system.
But in getting those lands under that system the
sharper, the rascal, the claim agent, orthe treaty
agent has had the inside track all the time.
If it had been done by square legislation it
would have been better for the Indians and
better for all parties. The treaty system is
the worst way of doing it. The Indians have
to employ go-betweens, and they are the dis-
grace of the nation. As far as getting the
lands of the Indians is concerned, it is destiny.
It was destiny, from the moment that the first
white man landed his foot on this continent,
that the continent should be peopled by white
men.
The question is, how shall it be done in the
most humane way? Shall it be done by means
of treaties with a set of men who do not know
what they are doing, who are in the hands of
swindlers and rascals? They come in here
after they have gotten up these treaties, the
principal part of the annuities going to them,
and say to you, you must carry them out in
the name of humanity. I tell you it is rascality
nine times out often that brings these treaties
to your notice, that forces them through Con-
gress, that brings influences upon us to make
us act. It reaches the press ; it manufactures
public sentiment. I think we had better do
this by legislation; and I say it is a great
reform when the House of Representatives
moves in that direction.
Now, so far as the argument, is concerned as
to preserving the Indiaus by the treaty system,
you have not done it. If your system had
been a success to exclude settlement, to pre-
serve the lands to the Indians, the United
States would this day be but very sparsely
populated. It lias not been a success for any
such purpose. It has been a success for rob-
bing the Treasury and robbing the Indians,
teaching them bad habits and bad manners.
I say the only way to preserve any of the In-
dians is to bring them together, put them on
small reservations, where you can take charge
of them, educate them, civilize them. Sir,
this tide of white population will go forward,
with or without this treaty system. But, sir,
I will not prolong my remarks. My views on
this question have been too often expressed to
need repetition now.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it is but a
little over a year ago since we had a similar
proposition before the Senate. It was then at
a late hour of the night that a committee of
conference was appointed by the two Houses
to consider the Indian appropriation bill, it
having been deferred from day to day until it
was too late to consider and act upon it prop-
erly. It was found that the hours of the ses-
sion of Congress were so nearly plosed that it
would be impossible to consider the Indian
appropriation bill, and the House then sent us
a proposition to make an appropriation, in
bulk, of some two or three million dollars.
They refused to make appropriations for trea-
ties executed by a commission appointed by
themselves and the Senate. That commissioa
was authorized by act of Congress to make
treaties with the Indian tribes. The Senate
then amended the bill so as to make theneQes-
sary appropriations to carry out those trea-
ties. The House refused to concur in those
