mo.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3699
Mr. BANKS. I do not ask that it shall come
oat of the gentleman's time.
Several Members. Let his time be extended.
Mr. BURDETT. I will yield with that un-
derstanding.
Mr. BAN ICS. I desire to Bay that I was in
Alexandria, in the State of Louisiana, in 1803
and 18(34. I knew Mr. llyan very well at that
time; I occupied his house for some weeks as
my headquarters. 1 often heard him spoken
of by those who were at that time the support'
era of the Government, and I do not think he
was regarded aa hostile to the Government.
I know notbiug personally of his opinions, ber
cause I never asked him particularly about
them, nor do 1 know that he ever expressed
them to me;, but I often heard him spoken of
by those whom I regarded as friends of the
Government as being not unfriendly to our
cause, and iiis resistance to the measures taken
by Governor Moore, of Louisiana, before our
Army occupied that portion of the country
at all, was particularly spoken of with favor.
Those measures of Governor Moore were in-
tended to favor the< operations of the rebel
army and to support the rebel confederacy.
Beyond this.I do not know that i can say any-
thing in regard to the character and standing
of' Mr. Ryan...
Mr. BURDETT resumed the floor.
Mr. W1LSON, of Minnesota. W ill the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bukdett] yield to
pae lor one moment, as I have beeu referred
to in this matter?
' Mr. BURDETT. As I have yielded already
60 much of my time, I am.obliged to say that
I cannot yield any further, and 1 hope gentle-
men will not ask me to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I-was referred
to by my colleague [Mr. Wilkinson] while 1
was absent from the Hall, and X think it but
just that I be allowed to reply. I will take
but a moment.
Mr. BURDETT. I must Recline to yield
any further. 1 said yesterday, Mr. Speaker,
in opening this case, that it was not my pur-
pose, on behalf of the Committee of Elections,
to dwell at any length, or indeed at all, on the
question of the eligibility or ineligibility of
fir. Ryan. I did not then deem that to be an
essential question in this controversy, nor do
I now so deem it. But those who represent
the views of the minority of the Committee of
Elections upon the question of -who, upon the
count of the votesj is entitled to this seat, have
seen fit to turn the whole current of the debate
upon the determination of the question whethet
or not Michael Ryan was a loyal man. Now I
do not propose that this course of debate shall
drive me from the consideration of those facts
which constitute and make up the issue upon
which this House is to find its conclusion in
this case.
I feel it njy duty, however, to say a word or
two. in answer to some of the innuendoes at
least which have been cast upon the commit-
tee on account of .their report in this case. It
is not'true, Mr. Speaker, that the evidence in
this case fails to convict Mr. Ryan of being an
aider and an abettor of the rebellion. And it
is not true that there.ate but two witnesses who
testify to that effect, for there are several
more who so testify. It is testified by Lott,
who has been already referred to, and .whose
testimony is impeached by no one, that in
1802 he heard Michael Ryan, in the town of
Alexandria, address himself to a company of
confederate troops who were then about leav-
ing that town, and that het>id them God speed
on their errand for the destruction of their
country, and charged them most, especially to
drive the " Hessians" or the " Yankees", from
the land. ^
, Mr. Speaker, I say,there is no testimony to
controvert this.. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. YoobhEes] lays it aside with the simple
assertion that this witness was not "indige-
nous to the soil" of Louisiana. Let me re-
mind the gentleman that it is written in an old
book, to which lawyers often refer, that "the
essence of treason is perjury;" and if the fact
that a man is " indigenous to the soil" is ne-
cessary to establish his credibility as a witness,
then there must be a reversal of the history of
that State for four years or more.
Mr. Speaker, it is further proved beyond
question—and the evidence is confirmed, if my
recollection is correct, by the admission of one
of the servants of Mr. Ryan himself—that he
was the wearer of a confederate uniform; that
he drilled and paraded with troops in the State
of Louisiana after the fall of Fort Sumter and
after the battle of Bull Run; that he put on
large airs in this confederate uniform,, and
commended himself on all occasions in that
early period of the war to the confidence of
those who were struggling to overturn the
Government.
These are facts appearing in the testimony.
What is the answer to them? ■ Nothing has
been offered in answer to them by the gentle-
men who advocate the cause of Mr. Ryan save
only that to Union men—men to whom he could
safely talk—he whispered now and then in con-
fidence that he was a Union man. But Mr.
Ryan was not able to bring before the commit-
tee a single witness who had ever heard him
utter opeuly in the ears of the world a senti-
ment in favor of the Union.
Now, Mr. Speaker, since gentlemen on the
other side have seen fit to throw the character
and standing of Mr. Ryan into the scales in the
decision of this case, 1 feel it my duty to state
(and I-call the attention of the House to the
fact as indicative of the spirit of desolation and
death with which the Democratic party pur-
Sued their course to bloody victory) that it is
in evidence that Mr. Ryan himself, in matters
appertaining to this election, in which he was
interested, did threaten men with death if they
dared to return an election poll. I would not
have said this but for the fact that the char-
acter of Mr. Ryan is thrown into the balance
here in order to defeat the claims of Colonel
Newsham. I have stated what is established
by the evidence, and it cannot be gainsaid.
The committee affirm—and they affirm it
upon evidence which cannot be controverted—
that in four of the parishes of this district there
was no election which ought to be dignified
with such a name. In one of the parishes
where one brave man dared to vote his senti-
ments he paid within a short time the penalty
with his life.
I, should be glad, if time permitted, to read
the evidence establishing these facts; but that
would occupy more than the time already given
to this case.. As a committee of this body,
charged with the responsibility of ascertaining
the facts in thi8 case, and acting under a full
consciousness of that responsibility, we can
only say that this great mass of testimony fur-
nishes evidence heaped upon evidence that in
those four parishes to which I have referred
riot and murder ruled the day. For this state-
ment we are responsible to the House who-
imposed upon us the duty of examining the
case, and we are also responsible to our own
consciences.
What, then, is the conclusion to which the
House is brought? The returns, which are
not controverted on either side, show that three
fifths, very nearly two thirds, of the entire re-
gistered vote of this large district was cast in
| parishes not attacked, parishes which may be
j termed peaceable ; that these parishes embrace
! nearly two thirds of the whole territory of the
j district. One third of the registered vote and
1 one third of the territory of the district are
; found in those parishes attacked for fraud and
i violence. And the question which now comes
i before'this.House for decision is not whether
Michael Ryan shall be seated as a member, for I
know well that he will never be permitted to take
a seat in this House to remind us by his daily
presence of the too great cost of his victory.
But I know the question which will appeal
to the intelligence and consciences of gentle-
men will be whether Mr. Newsham shall be
seated, or whether the election shall be held
null and void and returned again to the people
of Louisiana. I cannot forbear saying, Mr.
Speaker, if this House should come to the
latter conclusion, in my humble judgment it
would perpetrate an irreparable wronjz, an
irreparable injury to the people of the fourth
congressional district of Louisiana. Why shall
we again send upon a weary people the same
causes of contention which led to the awful
scenes to which I have alluded ? Why should
we say that the will of the larger portion of
the people of this district shall not be respected
because one third of the people did not respect
themselves or their duty?
Sir, when at the close of the rebellion we
looked about ns to see from whence should
come safety to the Constitution, safety to the
people of the States lately in rebellion, we
found no other answer to that inquiry save that
we should clothe ihe freedmen in the habili-
ments of citizenship. They did not ask that
of us ; but we, in order to sustain ourselves as
a party and to minister, as we believed, to the
well-being of the nation, chose to lay upon the
colored people of the South the burden of citi-
zenship, well understanding when we did so that
in discharging their new duties they must inevit-
ably incur the hostility and harsh judgment of
their former masters. Yet they have thus far
borne in for us, and borne it honorably, and I
cannot, Mr. Speaker, think that this House
will turn their backs on the men who have dis-
charged for us a duty most important for us
and most important for the nation.
I yield the remaining three minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have paid careful attention to the figures in
this case, and desire to spend no more than the
remaining three minutes in stating the grounds
upon which I propose to cast my vote. These,
as I understand, are the facts of record:
the total registered vote was 25,027; the total
vote cast was 20,500. There are ten parishes
in the district. In four of them, it is urged,
there was such disturbance aa to render the
election null and void. In the remaining six
parishes the election was peaceable. In these
six peaceable parishes there were 13,817 votes
cast, being nearly 2,000 more than a majority
of the total registered votes. Of these 13,817
votes Mr. Newsham is reported to have a
clear majority of 609 in these six undisturbed
parishes. In the disturbed parishes 6,643 votes
were polled, of which Mr. Newsham has but 3.
That is a remarkable fact, to begin with.
Now, from the column of tables given us of
the four disturbed parishesit appears that only
six months before, in the month of April, the
two political parties stood almost exactly equal
in the gubernatorial fight; 2,814 for the. Repub-
lican candidate for Governor, and 2,-888 for all
other persons. How comes it about that in sik
months, in four parishes where parties were
equally balanced, while the Republican candi-
date has but three votes the Democratic candi-
date receives 6,643 votes, more than both parties
cast in the gubernatorial election six months
before ? That fact bears on its face, to my mind,
evidence that there was coercion or fraud, or at
least some violent disruption, in these four
parishes. It seems to me we ought to throw
them out. If we throw them out there will be
left a majority in the undisturbed parishes of
the district for Mr. Newsham a clear majority
of 609 votes. I shall, therefore, vote for giviug
him the seat.
The question first recurred on Mr. Kerr's
substitute, .as follows:
j Resolved, That Michael Ryan is entitled to a seat
i in this House as a Representative from the fourth
I congressionaldistriet of the State of Louisiana in
the Forty-First Congress, and ought to be now
admitted thereto.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
54, noes 79.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
