1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2755
H. C. ANDERSON AND W. B. ClUTCHFIELD.
Mr. PALMER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1809) for the relief of Henry C. Anderson
and William B. Critchfield, late soldiers of the
thirteenth Iowa infantry; which was read a
first and second time, and referred, with accom-
panying papers, to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. McCRARY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, in rela-
tion to the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids in the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
LAND DISTRICT IN OTAII.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1810) to create an additional land ais-
trict in the Territory of Utah ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
BBAIt KIVEIt, ETC., CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1811) to incorporate the Bear River
and Salt Lake Canal Company, and for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a canal for
irrigation, and other purposes, in the Territory
of Utah; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MARY ANN COLLINS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1812) for the relief of
Mary Ann Collins ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
REDUCTION OF TAXES.
Mi\ PAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1813) t,o reduce the taxes of the people of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
GRISEN BAY AND LAKE PEPIN RAILWAY.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (II. It. No.
1814) granting land to the State of Wisconsin
to aid m the construction of the Green Bay
and Lake Pepin railway; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1815) to enforce the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee- on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed in the Globe.
The bill is as follows:
An act, to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United {States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of llepresent-
ativcaof the United States of Am eriea in. Congress assem-
bled. That all citizens of the United States, without
distinction of race, color, or previous condition of
geivitude, who are otherwise qualified by lawto voto,
shnll be entitled to vote at ail elections for electors
of President and Vice Presidentoi theUnited States,
and for members of the House of Bepresentntives of
the United States, and at all State, county, parish,
township, andmunicipal el ectionsheldunderauthor-
ityof any law of the United States or of any State.
f*RC. 2. And be it further enaeted. That if by the con-
stitution or laws of any State any act is required to
be done as a requisite for voting, such as the assess-
ment of taxes, the registration of electors, or any
other act or thin?, and by such constitution or laws
persons or officers are charged with the performance
ol' duties in lurnishinsr to citizens an opportunity to
become qualified to yote, it shall be the duty of all
fuch persons or officers to give to colored citizens the
same opportunity to becomequalified to vote as is by
law provided for white citizens; ancl if any such per-
ron or officer by any act or omission shall fail to give
lull effect to this section ho shall for every such
offense forfeit ancl pay the sum of $500 to any person
liyuied who will sue for the same, and shall for
every such offense be deemed guilty of a misde-
ineanor, and shall be fined not less than $o00 and be
imprisoned not less th^in one month nor more than
oik1
Sfc 3 And b<> it. further enacted, That where by any
State constitution or law any act is required by any
citizen to be done to qualify him to vote, such as
enrollment, payment of taxes, or any other act or
thing, the offer of any colored citizen to perform the
act required to be done as aforesaid shall be deemed
andheldasaperformanceofsuch act.andthepersonso
offering to qualify himself and being otherwise quali-
fied, shall be as fully entitled to voto at all elections
specified in thefirstsection of this act as other citizens
who have complied with all the requirements of law;
and. any judge, inspector, or other officer of election,
whose duty it is to reccive or count the vote of such
colored citizen, who shall refuse or omit to receive
or count the vote of such citizen, shallfor every such
offense forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to any person
injured who will sue for tho same, and shall for every
such offense bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
be fined not less than $500 and be imprisoned not less
than one month or more than one year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any person
who is deprived of any office by reason of the viola-
tion of any of the provisions of this act may bring
his action in the district or circuit court of the United
States for the restoration of his rights and the pos-
session of his office, with damages for.exclusion there-
from; and the said courts shall havo full jurisdiction
to hear and decide the same, and on the trial of any
such action the person so deprived of his office shall
have the full benefit of all votes which ho can prove
lie would havo received without such violation of
law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatif any person
by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or throats of
depriving any person of employment, or occupation,
or of ejecting any person from rented house, lands,
or other property, or by threats of refusing to renew
leases, or contracts for labor, or by threats of violcnco
to himself or family, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or
obstruct, or shall by any such moans attempt to
hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct any person from
registering, paying tax, or from doing any other net
necessary to quality a citizen to exercise the olective
franchise, or from voting at any presidential, con-
gressional, State, county, parish, township, or mu-
nicipal election in any State, territory, or district, on
account of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, such person shall for every such offense
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to any person injured
who will sue for the same; and shall for every such
offense be guilty of amisdemoanor, and shall bo fined
not loss than $500 and be imprisoned not loss than
one month or more than one yoar.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That tho district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall havo, exclusively of tho courts of tho
several States, cognizance of all crimes and offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and
also concurrently with the cirouil courts of tho Uni-
ted States of all causes, civil und criminal, arising
under this act, and tho jurisdiction hereby conferred
shall be exercised in conformity with tho laws and
practice governing United States courts.
Sec. 7. And be. it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of tho
United States, tho commissioners appointed by tho
circuit and territorial courts of tho United States,
with powers of arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
offendeia against the laws of tho United States, and
every other officcr who may bo specially empowered
by the President of the United States, shall bo, and
they arc hereby, specially authorized and required,
at the expense of the UnitedStates, to institute pro-
ceedings against ail and every person who shall vio-
late tho provisions of this act, and cause him or them
to be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as tho case
may be, for trial before such court of tho United
States or territorial court as by this act has cogni-
zance of the offense. And with a view to afford i ea-
sonable protection to all persons in their constitu-
tional right to voto withoutdistinction of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, and to the
prompt discbarge of the duties of this act, it shall
be the duty of the circuit courts of tho United
States, and the superior courts of the Territories of
tho United States, from time to time, to increase tho
number of commissioners, so as to afford a speedy
and convenient means for the arrest and examina-
tion of persons charged with a violation of this act:
and such commissioners aro hereby authorized and
required to exerciso and discharge all tho powers
and duties conferred on them by this act, and the
same duties with regard to offenses created by this
act as they are authorized by law to exercise with
regard to other offenses against the laws of tho Uni-
ted States. _ „ ,
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of all marshalsand deputy marshals to obey
and execute all warrants and precepts issued under
the provisions of this act when to them directed;
and should any marshal or deputy marshal reiuse to
receive such warrant or other process when tendered,
or to use all proper means diligently to execute the
pame, he shall on conviction thereof be fined in tho
sum of $1,000, to the use of the person deprived of
his rights conferred by this act. And tho better to
enable the said commissioners to execute their duties
faithfully and efficiently, in conformity with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the requirements
ol this act, they are heieby authorized and empow-
ered. within their counties respectively, to appoint in
writing, under their hands, any one or more suit-
able persons, from time to time, to execute all such
warrants and other process as may be issued by thorn
in the lawful performance of their respective duties;
and the persons so appointed to execute any warrant
or process as aforesaid shall have authority to sum-
mon and call to their aid the bystanders or po&w
comitates of the proper county, or such portion of
the land or naval forces of the United States, or of
the militia, as may be necessary to tho performance
of the duty with which they are charged, and to insure
a faithful observance of the fifteenth amendment to
the Constitution of tho United States; andsuch war-
rants shall run and be executed by said officers any-
where in the State or Territory within which they
are issued.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall knowingly and willfully obstruct, hinder, or
prevent any officer or other person charged with the
execution of any warrantor process issued under the
provisions of this act, or any person or persons law-
fully assisting him or them from arresting any person
for whose apprehension such warrant or processmay
have been issued, or shall rescue or attempt to rescue
such person from the custody of the officer or other
person or persons or thoso lawfully assisting as afore-
said, when so arrested pursuant to the authority
herein given and declared, or shall aid, abet, or as-
sist any person so arrested as aforesaid, directly or
indirectly, to escape from the custody of the officer
or other person legally authorized as aforesaid, or
shall harbor or conceal any person for whose arrest
a warrant or process shall have been issued as afore-
said, so as to prevont his discovery and arrest after
notice or knowledge of the fact that a warrant has
been issued forthe apprehension of such person, shall
for either of said offenses bo subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding SI,000. and imprisonment not exceeding six
months by indictment and conviction before tho dis-
trict or circuit court of tho United States for the dis-
trict or circuit in which saidoffonse may have been
committed, or before tho proper court of criminal
jurisdiction, if committed within anyone of tho
organized Territories of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the com-
missioners, district attorneys, tho marshals, their
deputies, and the clerks of tho said district, circuit,
and territorial courts shall be paid for their services
tho like fees as may bo allowed to them for similar
services in other eases. The person or persons au-
thorized to cxccute the process to be issued by such
commissioners for tho arrest of offenders against tho
provisions of this act shall bo entitled to a feo often
dollars for each person he or they may arrest and
take before any such commissioner as aforesaid,
with such other foes as may be deemed reasonable
by such commissioner for such other additional ser-
vices as may bo necessarily performed by him or
them, such as attending at tho examination, keep-
ing the prisoner in custody, and providing him with
food and lodging during his detention, and until the
final determination of such commissioner, and in
general for performing? such other duties as may be
required in the premises; such fees to bo made up
in conformity with tho fees usually chargod by tho
officers of tho courts of justico within the proper dis-
trict or county, as near as may be practicable, and
paid outofthe Treasury of tho United States on tho
certificate of the judge of the district within which
the arrest is mado, and to bo recoverable from tho
defendant as partof the judgmentin case of convic-
tion.
Sec. 11. >lnrfftetV/itrf/jer enacted, Thatwlienevcrtho
President of tho United States shall have reason to
believe that offenses havo been or are likely to be
committed against tho provisions of this act within
any judictal district, it shall bo lawful for him, in
his discretion, to direct the judge, marshal, and dis-
trict attorney of such district to attend at such plouo
within the district, and for such time as ho may des-
ignate, for th e pui pose of more speedy arrest and trial
of persons charged with a violation of this act; and
it shall bo tho duty of eyery judge or other officer,
when any such requisition shall be received by him,
to attend at tho place and for the time designated.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
lawful forthe President of the United States, or such
person as he may empower for that purpose, to em-
ploy such part of the land or naval forccs of tho
United States, or of the militia, as shall be deemed
necessary to prevent tho violation and enforce tho
duo execution of this act.
PRIVATE LAUD CLAIMS.
Mr. SAIoGENT also introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 181G) to expedite the survey of private
land claims; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNDARY Ol? LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1817) relating to the boundary of certain lands
in San Mateo county, California; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims,
w. Y. PATCH.
Mr. AXTELL also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (JELli. No.258)forthereliefof W. Y. Patch;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. AXTELL also introduced a bill (IT. E.
No. 1818) supplementary to and amendatory
of an act entitled t;An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad aud telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad in Cali-
fornia to Portland in Oregon," approved July
25,18G6; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the'Poblic
Lands,
