500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14*
speaking as well for my old as for my adopted
State, and in the naftie of that sacred peace
and good will which is the religion of our Sa-
viour, I beseech gentlemen, on this unpartisan
question, to vote dtiwn this proscriptive, illogi-
cal, unprogressive bill; remove its pretexts for
future collision either in courts, in Congress,
or in arms; and by the faith you would pre-
serve untarnished, not to speak now nor ever-
more save in sorrow of the inviolability of the
States—let us do tardy justice to this historic
State by the unconditional restoration of its
violated and unquestioned rights.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I now yield ten min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this new
constitution of Virginia has very wisely pro-
vided for equal franchise and equal education
in that Commonwealth. When we come to
admit the State under the new constitution the
Committee on Reconstruction recommend that
Congress shall say to the people of Virginia
who have adopted those provisions in their
Constitution that we admit the State with the
earnest expectation—I believe the language is
even stronger than that—we admit the State
with the qualification that it shall not go back
upon those just provisions of its constitution
immediately after its admission.
Now, what great harm is there in that? Is
there any member 'of this House who at this
time would say, if he was a member ofa con-
vention to frame that constitution that he would
vote against putting in the constitution a pro-
vision in favor of equal education and equal
4 franchise ? It is a part and parcel of the pol-
icy of the Republican party adopted ever since
after the war began.
When it became apparent that our Army
and Navy would compel the seceding States to
return to their allegiance to the Government
the great responsibility with Republican states-
men was, how can we make them contented
in the Union after their return? How can we
get rid of the great motive which those States
had before and at the time they seceded?
Everybody said at once that their object in
going out was to preserve slavery. Therefore
the Republican party took it as their policy,
in order to make them contented in the Union
after they came back, atid to destroy the motive
for disunion hereafter—took it as their policy
to destroy slavery. On the other hand the
Democratic party said, "Preserve this idol of
the South; tolerate it; give them just as much
slavery as they want, and give them the guar-
antees of the Constitution that they shall have
slavery forever and that there shall be no ad-
verse discussion or criticism upon it." The
Republican party said, "You cannot accom-
plish that. The only way is to destroy the
idol; then, when they come back, they will
have no motive to seek again to go out of the
Union."
Now, that is what we did in the thirteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, the Democratic party pursuing
their policy against it, and the Republican party
favoring it, and it was adopted. But when
that amendment was adopted and we had
emancipated the slaves it was found that it
was merely emancipation in a book, not actual
emancipation at all. There were the slaves;
there were the masters; there was the slave
code. And if they could get established in a
separate government they would have the same
motive to separate in order to restore slavery
and blot out those few lines of emancipation
in the book, because they had all the materials
there.
Then the nest question in reconstruction
with us was to educate these blacks so that they
could not be restored to slavery; to destroy
all hope of the restoration of slavery, and there-
fore all hope of a separate government. We
began first with the civil rights bill, then with
the Freedmen's Bureau bill, and then with the
fourteenth article of amendment, and now with
the fifteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution.
And then the people of Virginia, in pursu-
ance of that same policy, have provided in their
State constitution for the education and the
franchise of the blacks. Now because we say,
when admitting them again into the Union',
" Because you have that provision in your con-
stitution we admit you, in the hope, in the
earnest belief, that you will npt immediately
strike it out;" and because we insert a little
stronger language than that, and say that " we
enjoin it upon you to stand by that great pro-
vision ofyour constitution "—when we say that,
gentlemen get up here with their little'criticisms,
that it is not exactly in accordance with some
constitutional opinions that may have hereto-
fore been given.
Sir, there stands the great principle; and in
order to preserve this nation we must remove
all possibility of these men ever restoring sla-
very, even if they were ever strong enough to
do so, and therefore remove all hope on their
part of a separate government by leaving noth-
ing to create the desire for such separate gov-
ernment. *
Then we thought it was advisable that the
leaders of this rebellion should not come back
to participate in this Government immediately
after the readmission of these States. Even
if they sent new men, though with the same
sentiments, it would be better than the other.
Therefore, in the third section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution we have pro-
vided that the leaders of the rebellion, that is
those who committed perjury first in order that
they might commit treason afterward, should
not participate in the councils of the nation
hereafter. Everybody was in favor of that, I
believe; every Republican was in favor of it.
And what do we propose now? Simply to say
that in the State of Virginia, as it ought to be
everywhere else, the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution shall be
carried out; that is to say, that these men, until
Congress by a two-thirds vote shall say that the
time has come when reconstruction is so secure
that their machinations cannot injure it and
they may come back into the political coun-
cils—that until that time shall come these men
shall stand back.
And now some of our political friends, some
of those who helped to put that third clause in
the fourteenth amendment and aided us to pass
all these acts of reconstruction for the protec-
tion and education of the blacks, come in just
as we are accomplishing the great purpose and
object to it. When the time shall come for
these men to participate in the councils of the
country, as the time perhaps will come, and
possibly it has come now, we can then by a
two-third vote pass acts removing their disa-
bilities, and then nobody will have to take this
oath. But, in the mean time, if you intend to
enforce in Virginia or in any other State lately
in rebellion the third clause of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, you must either
provide for it in this act or in some other act.
I have been somewhat surprised, sir, to see
the earnestness with which these fundamental
conditions have been advocated and opposed.
I do not regard them as of so much import-
ance. I regard the first provision, enjoining
upon them to keep up free education and free
franchise, as merely advisory. It is an inti-
mation to them that we look upon those fea-
ture's of their constitution as the features that
make it republican in form, and that if they
strike them out we will undertake to restore
them in some way or other. The other one
simply provides a way by which the third clause
of the fifteenth amendment can be carried out
which they are all boun'd by now. I do not
think it will be very effectual or practical; and,
therefore, if the committee had reported the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I should have voted for
it very cheerfully; but inasmuch as they have
thought best to attach these fundamental con-
ditions, I shall vote for them, in the hope that
they will have some little 'restraining influence
upon' the people of the State of Virginia) and
hold them up to the provisions—the most 'ex-
cellent provisions—of their constitution,
Mr. FA R NS W ORTH. 1 yield three miniates
to the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.' Claskj£]
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I would have
been glad'of the opportunity to have given "my
views at length why I shall vote fof the bill
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction;
but in the beat of this debate I have been
unable to obtain the floor. I thank the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth, ] how-
ever, for even a single moment; "I shall vote
for this bill, beeanse I have no doubt of the
absolute authority of Congress to enact all
necessary fundamental conditions in regard to
the admission of a State into the Union. I
shall vote for it because I believe the funda-
mental conditions in the bill necessary in the
case of Virginia, one of the first ,of the States
to engage in the rebellion to overthrow the
General Government and one of the last to
take steps to resume her proper connection
with it. I shall vote for it because I would
profit from the a*d experience we have had
in the reconstruction of Georgia and Tennes-
see. I shall vote for it because I want to se-
cure all possible assurance for the future peace
of Virginia and every possible guarantee for
the equal rights of all classes and conditions
of her people. I shall vote for it not only for
these reasons, but in deference to the loyal
people of the country, who sacrificed too much
in the great struggle to save the Union from
the treason of Virginia and the other rebellious
States not to require of them now the most
solemn agreement possible in the form of the
fundamental conditions contained in this bill,
that this treason shall not be repeated in the
future.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I shall
trespass for a shorter time than that allotted to
me upon the attention of the House ; but I
desire to clear away some of the cobwebs
which have been throwp about this matter.
And first, allow me to say that the opposition
to the conditions contained in this bill does not
come from- the people of Virginia. Neither
Governor Walker nor any of the administra-
tion, if I may be allowed the expression, elected
on the ticket with Governor Walker, that I am
aware of, have protested'against these condi-
tions. Every man of the two hundred and
twenty thousand who voted upon the ratifica-
tion of the constitution of Virginia took sub-
stantially the same oath that is contained in
this bill. Under the reconstruction acts of
Congress they could not be registered until
they had taken an oath like this.
Neither do they object to the other condition
with reference to the change of their constitu-
tion, for they have provided in that same con-
stitution, thus ratified by so large a majority,
amounting almost to unanimity, nearly the
same thing contained in this bill. The oppo-
sition comes from gentlemen of the House who
think that these conditions will be worthless if
incorporated" in the bill, and who think it would
be wiser ana better, in attempting to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment,
that we should doit by some wise, well-adjusted,
well-prepared law, which shall apply to the
whole country, and_ not single out Virginia,
and put the condition in this crude manner
upon the tail of a bill for its admission to rep-
resentation. Now, I confess, Mr. Speaker,
that I sympathize with the opposition to these
conditions. I consented to report this bill and
to approve the bill with the exception of that
portion of it with reference to the oath, and E
• ?°l And notw'Astanding all that has been,
said by my colleagues upon that committee,
criticising my course in reference to it, I am
almost the only member of the committee, I
believe, who has spoken upon the subject who
has not offered to amend the bill,
ihe gentleman from South Carolina ["Mr.
