1812
3fEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
itrawhm to amy pnbli« library which will pay ftt
binding the same into volumes to correspond with
ffiose in the Patent Office, and for tlio transportation
of the same, and which shall also provide Proper
custody for^he same, with convenient access tor the
public thereto, under such regulations as tbe Com-
missioner shall dceui reasonable.
Mr. LAFLIN. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment, in order that the House may
vote intelligently upon the question, I wish to
state that every additional set will cost $240 45.
I wish the Hpnse to understand the effect of
this amendment.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution, as amended, to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. LAFLIN. I understand Aat the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Potter] desires
tosay a few words.I therefore yield to him
for a few minntes. •
Mr. POTTER. I desired the floor merely
for the purpose of proposing some amendments ;
to this joint resolution, hot those amendments
have now been adopted. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing [Mr. LaflinI invited
my attention to this joint resolution before it
was in trod need, and I gave it Buch examina-
tion as I could at the time. I;*m satisfied
that on the whole it proposes an improvement
upon the present system ; and not only that,
but it will probably lead to the adoption of a
better tystem in relation to public documents
generally. I shall therefor* vote for the joint
reiolution- . , ' , ,
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentle>
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] for a few min-
Mr. KERR. I shall detain the Hottsfe but a
few moments by my remarks upon this joint
resolution. I am strongly inclined to believe
that this proposed change oight to be made,
and that it is very proper in itself. I agree
that it is quite a radical change in the affairs
of the Patent Office Bureau; but* in my judg-
ment, the publications of that bureau have had
heretofore very little value for the general pub-
lic jn this country. In- thfe manner of their
distribution I think they oftenfail to reach those
people in the country, the enterprising mechan-
ics and inventors, to whom they would be rtost
useful. They have been just about as likely to
fall in the hands of those who wbnld give them
no examination, and who would derive from
then no profit; and in that way they would be
of bo service to the country. I think that in
the mode in which they are now gotten up they
are of as little use to mechanics and others
engaged in tbe useful arts as they could well
be made. .
It is almost impossible to make the meaning
of a specification clear to a mechanic by any
abbreviated statement. These specifications^
it appears, mast necessarily consistof a certain
number of words, a certain number of figures,
a certain numbef, of references and drawings.
They cannot be abridged without destroying
the perspicuity, the eleartfess, tbe usefulness
of the illustration itseff. nl sure that ia
looking over the books as they *r# -now pub-
lished it is almost impossible for ahy me-
chanic to determine from any descriptiea of a
machine-or invention the precise part of . the,
invention or machinery that is original. ^ >
It is complained by my fried® >fr(rtn Ohio
[Mr, Mpnobn] that if this new jsysteiB' be
adopted, the books, being somewhat inaccessi-
ble, will have but little value to those who repre-
sent the mechanical gonitis of the country. I
concede that there is some'force in this olyec-j
lion; bat it is an objection which can readily
be removed. These books can readily be placed
at. more accessible points. For example, we
may provide that besides bewgdef>©8ited in the
capitols of each State and Territory they shall
also he deposited in all the public libraries of
the country, in all the libraries pf literary asso-
ciations, and also at some particular point ir.
each congressional district. Such a provision I
think ought by all means to be made. In this
way we shaH place these exceedingly import-
ant, clear, intelligible public records within the
convenient reach of all the mechanics of the
country. If thi9 can be done, eve?n though it
be done at an increased expense, it will be an
infinite gain to the mechanicians and inventors
of the country. By placing within convenient
reach this information which they so much
desire and need we develop and encourage the
inventive capacity of the people.
Bat it is said that even though these records
be placed where they will be accessible to the
mechanics of the country, it will still be neces-
sary for them to come to this city in person or
through an agent, to make their applications
directly to the Patent Office in order to get any
needful information in reference to any sup-
posed invention. If this were true, it is an
objection which I think ©tight to be fatal to
this proposed change. But I donot believe
that this allegation would be verified by the
result. In connection with this point, I wish
to put an inquiry to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, [Mr. Laflin'. ] I believe
it is true that more than oae half of all the
supposed inventions which are sent to the Pat-
ent Office here are found, upon Examination,
to be precise duplicates of what has previously
been patented and pot into use. Am I right
in that?
Mr. LAFLIN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents [Mr. Jenckes] is better
able to answer that question than lam.
Mr. KERR. I will then address myself to
the gentlemen from Rhode Island, (Mr.
Jesckles.] If the gentleman knows I wish he
would state about what proportion o# applica-
tions for patents addressed trtthe Patent Office
are of such a nature that they are found to be
fully covered by preceding patents.
Mr. JENCKES. Last year about one fourth
of the whole number of applications made were
rejected; the previous year about one third.
Mr. KERR. About ohe third rejected ?
Mr. JENCKES. One third of all the appli-
cations were rejected and two thirds granted.
Mr. KERR. Now, Mr. Speaker, I accept
that statement as exhibiting the proportion of
the applications rejected. I had supposed the
proportion was larger.
Mr. JENCKES. The statement I have just
made may not give an altogether correct idea
of the matter. A great portion of the applica-
tions granted are granted upon very narrow
claims, the greater portion of what was be-
lieved to be invented, and therefore described
in the specifications, having been invented
before. , :
Mr. MYERS. I will Bay to thq gentleman
that the number bf applications during the
year 1860 was 19,271; the -number of patents
issued, including reissues and designs, was
13,986, being about the proportion stated by
the gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. KERR. It appears to me that if these
valuable public records could be so placed
throughout the United States as to be access-
ible to tbe mechanics of the coon try a large
proportion of the unsuccessful applications
now made would never be made at all. Thus
the trouble and- expense entailed upon the
mechanics of the country by these rejected
applications would be avoided; Thiamin my
viewj is a consideration of psblic importance
which might well control to some extent the
action of this House. I believe on the whole
subject, Mr. Speaker, this change will be a
beneficial one, and will tend to promote this
great public interest rather than in any way to
retard it.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that I may be allowed to print
some remarks on this subject.
There was no objection; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.}
Mr. LAFLIN. I now ask for a vote.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire one roiuute to
make an explanation. _
Mr. LAFLIN. I believe the Iloase is salUs-
tied with the debate; and as I do not propose
to take up any time myself I hope we will have
the vote.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. CAKE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reduction 01? the army.
Mr. LOGAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness after the morning hour is the considera-
tion of the special order, being House bill No.
987, to reduce the number of officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other pnr-
poses, reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely want to call the bill
up and to have it read, if necessary, and then
to let it go over until to-morrow, when I shall
be ready to submit my opening remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to take up one
of the appropriation bills at this. time, ihe
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] one
of my colleagues on the Committee on Appro-
priations, who has the deficiency bill in charge,
has been called away, and it is exceedingly
important that that bill should be taken up
and passed as soon as possible.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not given way ; but
the pending bill has been pushed aside lor the
last four weeks, and I must decline to yield to
any further postponement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say on behalf
of the Committee of Ways and Means that as
soon as this special order is out of the way we
propose to press the tariff and tax bills.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of the indulgence
of most of these gentlemen, and I do not come
in my own right, but pressed toy a communica-
tion from the Treasury Department whieh 1
am not at liberty to disregard. I do not think
tbe deficiencv bill will take up more than an
honr, and it includes matters which will involve
great expense nnless it is passed at this time.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think the bill from
the Military Committee will occupy much time.
Mr. COX. I should like to know how long
the military bill will be before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. That is a question it would
be impossible precisely to answer, but I think
if the House understands the bill intelligently
its consideration will not-consume much time.
It all depends, however, on the temper of the
House and the desire to discuss it.
The SPEAKER. Tbe bill was reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs on January
27, read twice, made the special order for the
ensuing Wednesday after the morning hotty
and from day to day until disposed of. it does
not go over as unfinished business, that is, as
business claiming precedence the next «ay5
but it comes in after the morning bonr, and is
subject to. the motion to go into thp Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to con-
sider the special orders there.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from tbe
Committee on the Judiciary, on behalf of the
chairman, reported back House bill No. 1-^Jo.
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of the Umoa
who have hitherto been denied^ that righton
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, with a substitute; which were
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
, mes6agb from tub 8bnatb- ■ r
A message from the Senatej "by Mr. McDotf-
