8700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The question next recurred on the first res*
olution of the committee, as follows :
liemlve'l, That Michael Ryan is not entitled to a
sent as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from the fourth distriot of Louisiana.
The resolution was adopted.
The question nest recurred on the second
resolution of the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That J. P. Ncwsham is entitled to a seat
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the fourth district of Louisiana.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 59. —
Mr. CESSNA stated, on this question he was
paired with Mr. Potter.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasdeeided
in the affirmative—yeas *9, nays 71, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Bennett,
Benton, Bowea, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bardett,
BenjauinF. Butler, Roderick R, Butler, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, AinasaCobb.Cobum, Covode.Cowlcs,
Cullom, Dogewer, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Eldridge, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Har-
ris, Hawley, Hays, llefliu, flour, Hotchkiss, Juild,
Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan, Maynard,
McCfirthy.McKee, Mercur, N egley, O'Neill, Packard,
Paine, Perce, Phelps, Pl&tt. Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots,
Bargeut,Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Striokland. Taffe. Tillman. Town-
send.Twichell.Tyner,Upson, W ard. Wei ker, W heeler,
Whitmore.Wilkmson, Witliams.and Witchcr—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Axteil, Barmim, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Bingham,
Bird. Blair, Booker, James Brooks, Buttinton, Bur-
chard, Burr, Calkin, Cook.Conger, Conner.Cox.Crebs,
Davis. Dawes, Dox. Farnsworth, Getz, Gibson, Gris-
wold.llale. flaraill, Hawkins,ThomasL. Jones.Kerr,
Ketcham, KnotuLewis, Marshall, May ham, McKen-
lie, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack,
Orth, Peters, Randall, Reeves, Riee, liidgway, Ro-
gers. Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Trump, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Wil-
lard. Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—71.
N OT V OTi-NG—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Bailey, Barry., Benjamin,Biggs, Boles, Boyd,
Buck, Cake, Cessna,' "William T. Clark, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery. For-
riss, Fisher, Fox, Gillillan. Haight, Ilaldeman, Itiun-
bletou, Hamilton, Hay.Heaton, 11)11, Iloge, Holman,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones. Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Lash, Lougbridge(
Lynch, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McNeeiy,
Milnes, EliakimH.Moore, Jesse H.Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Packer, Palmer, Peok, Poland, Porter, Potter, San-
ford, Schenck, Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
Worfhington C. Smith. Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Stra-
der. Tanner. T'aylor, Van Auken, Van Horn.Van
Wyek, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Wells, and John
T. Wilson—78.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. PECK said : I beg to state that I have
paired with my colleague from Ohio, [Mr.
Strader.]
Mr. ARNELL. I beg to state that I have
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McNeely.] If he were here he would vote
" no,M and I would vote " ay." i
Mr. PACKER. I have paired with my eol<
league from Pennsylvania, [Mr. EL&ldeman.}
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My name has been re<
corded among the nays. I wish to change my
vote, for the purpose of being permitted to
move a reconsideration.
The result of the vote was then announced,
as above recorded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote jnst taken. I do so with a view to
introducing a resolution declaring that there
is a vacancy in the representation of thefoarth
district of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to & question of
order. I submit nothing is now in order but
the swearing in of the gentleman who has beetk
declared entitled to his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. No legislation is complete
until the power to reconsider is exhausted.
Mr. COX. I would sooner have a vacancy
than a usurpation.
Mr. STEVENSON. : I move to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider.
The question was put on Mr. 8tevenson's
motion s  nd there were, on a division—ayes
76, noes 74.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I demand tellers.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
a division by tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Kelset were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 43, noes 76.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion to adjourn.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirty-three, more than one fifth of the
last vote.
So the yieas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-dfcy it be to meet on Tues-
day next ; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wete ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 18, nays 130, not voting
80 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ayer, Barnum, Burr,
Crebs, Eldridge, Hamill, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Morgan, Mungen, Trimble, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Wood, and Woodward—38.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Archer, Asper,
Atwood, Axteil, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Beatty,
Qeck, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
Booker, Bowen, George M.Brooks. Buckley^Buffin-
ttfn, Burchard, Burdett, Beuj.imin F. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Conner, Covode,
Cobles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Donley,
Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Get®, Gibson, Hale, Harris,
Hawkins, Hawley. Heflin.Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll„Jenckes. Judd, Kelsey, Ketcham. Knapp,
Laflin,Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Mayham, Maynard,
McCarthy. McGrew, McKee, McKeniie, Merour,
William Moore, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce. Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy. Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, -Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph S.Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevenson, StokeS, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Swann, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twi-
chell, Ty n er.U psou, W ard, Cadwalader C.W ashburq,
William B. Washburn,Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, and Witcher—130.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Bailey, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Boyd, James
Brooks,Buck, Cake.Calkin.Cessna,William T.Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cox, Dickey, Dickin-
son. Dixon. Dockery. Ferriss, Fisher, Fox, Gilfillan,
Griswold, Haiglit, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoge. Holman, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Lash, Loughridga, Lynch. McCormick, McCrary,
McNeeiy, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H.Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Myers, Orth, Palmer, Porter. Potter, Ridg-
way, Sanford, Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum. Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Taylor,Van
Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wells, John T. Wil-
son*-and Winchester—80.
. So the motion w&s not agreed to.
The question, recurred on Mr. Morgan's
■motion, that the House do now adjourn, on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a proposition to the House with a view
to saving any farther obstruction of the public
business. It is this: that the vote on the mo-
tion of the-gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Steven-
son] :be taken on Monday when there is a full
House, at two o'clock, or immediately after
the morning hour, if it should extend later than
two o'clock. Let this be agreed to, and we
can go on this afternoon to finish the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the arrangement proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will say three o'clock on Mon-
day I will not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The House
meets at eleven, and I presume We will have a
full House at two o'clock.
Mr. COX*-1 think that is a fair arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is agreed that the vote shall be taken at
two o'clock on Mondaj'.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, Mr. Speaker, I
object, unless the hour fixed be three o:clock
instead of two ; some members will not have
arrived by train by two o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
three be it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] further object?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Does any other gentle-
man?
Mr. MERCUR. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be proper now
to offer a resolution declaring a vacancy in
the representation of the fourth district of
Louisiana ?
The SPEAKER. Before answering that
question the Chair ask3, does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] persist in
his objection ?
Mr. MERCUR. I do.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly, (at three o'cloek and thirty minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned till Monday, at eleven
o'clock a. m. '
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
I /tAmmitfppQ •
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Josiah Quincy, Samuel E. Sevvell, Darwin E.
i Ware, F. W.Lincoln, jr., and J. N. Marshall,
; Board of Harbor Commissioners of Boston,
j Massachusetts, praying that the application of
the Cape Cod Canal Company for an appro-
priation for a breakwater in Barnstable bay,
in connection with their works, may be favor-
ably considered by Congress.
By Mr. PERCE : The petition of Rumble
& Wensel, Morgan & Co., and many others,
relative to the collection of the tax upon dis-
tilled spirits.
By Sir. SARGENT: memorial of the
residents of Eureka, Humboldt-county, Cal-
ifornia, praying that that port be made a port
of entry or port of delivery.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: Several peti-
tions of citizens of New London, Connecticut,
asking for the importation of pig lead free of
duty.
By Mr, TANNER: The petition of the
Penrhyn Slate Company and others, of Wash-
; ington county, New York, for a duty of two
| dollars a square on roofing slate.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, May 2^, 1870:'
Player by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D,
, The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
fifteenth amendment bilt.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I desire
to make a motion to correct the'Journal, as the
only mode I think of to reach what appears to
me to be an error in the bill passed by the
Senate on Saturday morning, as printed in the
Globe of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California rises to a privileged motion, and
moves to correct the Journal in regard to the
proceedings on the passage of the bill to enforce
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. CASSERLY. By the Globe of yester-
day I see that the bill to enforce the right to
vote under the fifteenth amendment, as passed,
contains a section j section sixteen, which I did
not understand was before the Senate for its
action at the final passage of-the bill. I believe
a majority of. the Senators present during the
debate agree with me in that understanding.
