5588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
amendments, and the result was that they made
an appropriation in bulk, refusing to do any-
thing further than that. Now, here to-night
we have a proposition before us to abandon
all our treaties heretofore made, not only those
treaties to which the House itself was a party,
a commission being appointed to make them
by its concurrence, but all the Indian treaties
that havebeen made, and to make an appro-
priation, in bulk, of some five or six million
dollars, to be expended in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Interior or of the President.
Mr. President, we have had some experience
in appropriating and expending money without
treaty stipulations. Men have been appointed
to settle Indians upon reservations; I have one
in my mind now who was given $200,000 to
settle Indians on a reservation, out of an ap-
propriation that was made for the commission
appointed by the two Houses, and afterward
he was given $100,000 more, and we had one
deficiency bill brought in here of $485,000,
and another of about one hundred thousand
dollars, until the whole amount was swollen to
about one million dollars. That was because
the House of Representatives refused to make
appropriations in accordance with the treaties,
but asked that appropriations should be made
in bulk, and that the money should be expended
under the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior or of the President. I have no com-
plaints to make against the disbursements by
the President or the Secretary of the Interior ;
but an appointment was made, and the person
appointed I have no doubt did the best he
could under the circumstances, supposing he
was doing right, but he expended a very much
larger amount of money than he would have
done had we had a particular treaty stipulation
whereby the Indians should receive a certain
amount of money, or of clothing and blankets.
If he bad been confined to those treaty stipu-
lations, the amount, in my opinion, would not
have exceeded one half, and perhaps one third
of the amount actually expended.
Now, Mr. President, the question is whether
we are prepared to abandon these treaties and
to make this appropriation in bulk. It does
seem to me that it is a very unwise policy. It
seems to me that whenever we abandon the
stipulations of our treaties whereby certain
sums of money are to be paid we are totally
at sea, we are entirely ignorant of the amount
of money that is to be appropriated annually
for these Indians, and the appropriations are
made just in accordance with the feelings of
Congress from year to year. If we shall have
Indian wars, and the people upon the borders
shall be murdered, we shall then, perhaps,
gather these Indians upon our reservations and
feed them, and they will not be self-sustaining
in any sense of the word; but we shall simply
keep them upon the reservations, and they will
not efideavor to do anything for themselves
or to protect their property; indeed they will
have nothing to protect, they will have no in-
terest to take care of. They will simply be
dependent on the United States, and it will
cost us twice as much as it costs us now under
the treaty stipulations. That has been the ex-
perience, I believe of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, so far as they have examined this ques-
tion, that wherever expenditures are made
without the treaty stipulations it costs very
much more than it does with the treaty stipu-
lations.
If we mean to attempt to reform this sys-
tem 'we are commencing, it seems to me, in
the wrong way. We all know the sentiments
of our friend from Nevada, who has always
opposed the making of Indian treaties, and
has made desperate onslaughts upon the In-
dians. We desire to protect the Indians ; we
desire to keep them from being exterminated.
The sentiment of the people of the United
States will not consent to indiscriminate war
being made upon these people and their total
extinction, and I hope that we shall determine
to-night whether we are prepared to abandon
all these treaty stipulations and simply here-
after make appropriations in bulk for this ser-
vice, and allow money to be expended just as
it may be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior and the President, who have not ex-
amined the treaties, who have not examined
the necessities, and who of course cannot know
the necessities of the service. Those can best
be determined by a committee of Congress.
Now, all these claims come before Congress
and are examined; they are examined in de-
tail with a good deal of pains, and we present
a bill here in accordance with those details
and those treaties and claims presented, and
the House refuse to appropriate in accordance
with those details.
Now, if we give up the examination of
those details, and we have no guide for the
Secretary of the Interior and the President in
using these appropriations, how are they going
to determine in what way they will dispose of
this money ; how they will dispense it, under
what rules and regulations, if there are no
treaties, no items, nothing for them to go by ?
It seems to me they are perfectly at sea, and
it is time for us now to determine whether we
will inaugurate this new system or whether we
will refuse to do it. It seems to me that we
ought to refuse, and we ought to insist upon
the appropriations in accordance with treaty
stipulations and the bill presented by the two
Houses.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I doubt
whether any question has come before the Sen-
ate in many years that more intimately and
importantly involved the construction of the
Constitution than the one now before us, and
I am satisfied that no question has come be-
fore the Senate in many years which demands
more peremptorily than this does that the Sen-
ate shall stand by its constitutional privileges
and insist on the clear and simple supremacy
of the Constitution.
I do not intend to go into an elaborate dis-
cussion of this subject, though I am of the
opinion tliat no subject could better engage the
attention of the Senate in the closing hours of
this long session than the very one we have
before us now. I shall confine my remarks to
one particular view of this matter which solves
the whole difficulty, and which, however novel
and strange it may appear to Senators and to
the country, is the view which I think the Sen-
ate and the country must ultimately come to,
and it is this: that for the fulfillment of treaties
made with the Indians, or any other treaty
which may be made under the Constitution by
the President and the Senate, requiring the
payment of money by the United States, we
are not dependent upon an act of Congress for
the right to pay that money out of the Treasury.
I talie the ground here now, which this coun-
try will hava to come to, which this Senate will
have to come to, and would come to, as I be-
lieve, before the close of this debate, if the ses-
sion should last long enough to enable us to
discuss it fully, that the requirement in a treaty
of the payment of money by the United States
is under the Constitution an appropriation of
that money by law, which authorizes its pay-
ment out of the Treasury without any action
on the part of the House of Representatives.
In support of this view I desire to make a few
brief remarks touching the provisions of the
Constitution on this subject.
Mr. President, let us see what the Constitu-
tion says. I couple together the provisions
under the second article and sixth article in
relation to treaties. I read them as if they
constituted one sentence of the Constitution,
as they are entitled to be considered as con-
stituting one; and they say :
"Ho (the President) shallhavo power, by and with
the advice and conscnt of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thiids of the Senators presentcon-
cur; and alt treaties made or whieU shall be made
under the authority of the United States shall bo the
supreme law of the land."
Mr. President, the English language is hardly
capable of more explicituess, directness, and
force than these words of the Constitution con-
tain. An act of Congress is no more the
supreme law of the land than a treaty. The
Constitution itself is no more the supreme law
of the land than a treaty. They all stand, so
far as regards their intrinsic authority, under
the same declaration by the people in their
Constitution as to what shall be, not the law
merely, but the supreme law.
There are three descriptions of law which
are equally the supreme law of the land: one
is the Constitution ordained by the people and
incapable of alteration except by the people;
another is a treaty, made under the Constitu-
tion by the Executive and the Senate; the
third is the ordinary act of Congress passed
by the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, and approved by the President. When
an act is so passed and approved, neither the
Executive nor the Senate can dispense with
its operation and effect, annul it, or repeal it.
In like manner, when supreme law in the
shape of a treaty is made by the.Executive
and the Senate, neither the House of Repre-
sentatives nor any other body but the Execu-
tive and the Senate, in and by another treaty
with the same Power, can ever alter or repeal
that supreme treaty law. Neither, sir, when
a law is enacted by one of these sets of enact-
ors, can the other set impede its operation,
refuse it ohedience, or fail, without insubor-
dinate disregard of duty, to carry it into force
by all the means known to the Constitution.
Mr. President, when the Constitution vested
in the President and the Senate the power to
make treaties, and declared them when made
the supreme law of the land, it meant that
those treaties should be to every intent, in
general and in particular, capable of execu-
tion without dependence upon any other than
the Executive authority, upon which is de-
volved the execution of all the laws of the
nation. When it declared that the President
and Senate might make treaties it gave the full
power, not a hijlf-formed and dependent power ;
it gave the power to them in the formation of
a treaty to provide for its fulfillment and exe-
cution, and did not require that fulfillment to
be provided for by some law to be otherwise
enacted. It was not intended that after they
had made a treaty in pursuance of the Consti-
tution they should have to come to another body
and ask it to give that treaty vitality. It was
not intended that this power should give birth
to a still-born infant; but it should have life, it
should have breath, it should have the pulsa-
tions of the heart, it should have bones, nerves,
muscles, sinews—in short, every attribute for
development into full life and for action dur-
ing the period of that life.
Now, Mr. President, but for the supposition
entertained by many that an appropriation of
money out of the 'treasury can be made no
otherwise than by act of Congress, there is not
a Senator on this floor who would ever ques-
tion the correctness of the positions which I
have assumed. But, sir, it is held by the House
of Representatives that the clause of the Con-
stitution which says that " no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence
of appropriations made by law" requires the
passage of an act of Congress to authorize the
payment of that money, and it is denied that
there is any power of appropriation of money
out of the Treasury but in such an act. There,
sir, is the fatal mistake, according to myjudg-
ment. I say that the treaty-making power can
appropriate money out of the Treasury of the
United States, and authorize its payment, and
that the Executive would be justified in caus-
ing the money to be paid without any appeal
to, or need of sanction by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. President, if that position is correct,
then the Senate should never again while it is
a Senate consent to the passage of any act of
Congress appropriating money to fulfill the
terms of a treaty. It should stand upon the
rights of the treaty-making power under the
