1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
27 m
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Conner,'Cullom. Degener, Dockery,-
Bos, Farnsworth, Ferry, I?j.nkelnburg, Fitcli. Ham-
ilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay-, Hays, lleflin,
HiJi.Hoge, Hooner, Ingersoll,1 Johnson, Alexander
IL Jones, Judd, Lojran, Louschridge, Marshall, May-
nard, McCrary, McXee, McKenaie, Jesse II. Moore,
Orth, Paine, Palmer, Pexce, Piatt, Popieroy, Porter,
Prosser, Koot§, Sargent^ Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, W.illiamSpiyth, Stokes, Sweenoy,'
Taffe, Tyner. • Upson. Van Horn. Cadwalader C.
"Washburn, Walker, Wnitpiore, Williams. Eugene
M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Witcher—86.
NAYS—^Messrs. Archer, Banks, Baynum, Beaman,-
Benton, Bird, George M. Brooks, Jaines Brook?,
Buffinton, Burr, Cake, Calkin. Cessna,Cowles.Dawcs,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Bin:, Bldridge, tferriss,
Fisher, Garfield, Gibson. (Jriswold, Ilaldeman, Hale,
ilambleton, • Hamill, Hoar, Holinan, Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, Tbomas'-L. Jones* ICelley, Kellogg, JCelsey,
Kerr, Kna.pp, Lawrence, Lynch, MeCormiek, Mc-
Urew, McNeely, Mercur, William Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J. MorroU,Mungen. Myers, JSfegloy, Niblack,
O'Neill, Packer, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter,
]?anda)U Reeves, Sehenek, Schuinaker, Scofieid,
.John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Strader,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Trimble, TwicueJl, Van
Trump, Voorheee, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wells. Wheeler, Willard,-VVood, and Woodward—84.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Armstrong, "Bailey,'Bennett, Biggs, Blair, Bowen,
llodcrick R. Butler, Churohili, Cleveland, Covode,
Cox, Creb's, Davis, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Fox, Get&,
Gilfillan, Haiglit, Heaton. Julian, Ketchain, Knott,
Laftin, Lash, Mayham, McCarthy. Maine?, Bliakim
11. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Packard, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Santord, Porter
Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, William J. Smith, Sliles,
Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Tiliman,
Townsend, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Wilkinson, and
John T. Wilson—5$.
So the bill was passed. . . .
During the'roll-call,
Mr. WOODWARD stated that Mr. G-etz wtis
detained at home by private business; if pres-
ent he would vote " no."
Mr. GRISWOLD stated that Mr. Mayham
was absent, and had paired with Mr. Stkiok-
land ; if present he would have voted " no,"
raid 'Mr. Strickland " ay.!'
The resultof the vote having been announced
as above recorded, 1
Mr. JUDD and Mr; PAINE moved to re-
consider the vote by tflrich the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
LOUISIANA EMOTION CASH.'
Mr. STEVENSON'. I rise to a question of
privilege. I submit from the Committee of
Elections a report in' the case of J. II. Sypher,
claiming a se&t in this House as Represent-
ative-elect from the first congressional district
of the State of Louisiana.
The report was accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved, That J. II. Svplior is entitled to a seat, as
a Representative in the Forty-Fii\it Congress irom
the first district of Louisiana.
Mr. S TEVENSON. I move that the report
and resolution .be laid on the table arid ordered
to be printed.' ,, .
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I give notice that I will
call up this report and rfesolution for action
to-morrow, or as soon thereafter as I can do so.
OlMDERQJ? BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I rise for the purpose of
moving to suspend the rules and to go into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
Before doing so I ask unanimous consent for
an order that the Committee of the Whole be
instructed to take a recess this afternoon from
half past four to half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BfNGHAM. 1 ask my colleague [Mr.
Schekck] to yield to me to report back from
the Committeeon the Judiciary abill to enforce
the right to vote under the fifteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, so that it may be set down for a day
certain as a special order, say for Wednesday
of next week after the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is no
hurry about that.
Mr, BINGHAM. I thiuk there is a hurry
about it si nee the opinion given by the attorney
general of the State of California.
Mr: DAWES. If the gentleman allows a
special assignment to bo made of his bill,he
will be very much embarrassed.
Mr. SCfJENCK. There is no certainty that
w.e will have disposed of the special Order in
Committee of the Whole by that time.'
Mr. BINGHAM. I think there is no doubt
abdut getting through the tariff' bill by that
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to yield for
that purpose. I will yield to gentlemen who
have business they wish to present now, but 1
wish it understood that I'do not yield for any-
thing that will' cause debate Or g, division of the
House. I will first yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake,] who has a matter
to present to the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the chairman of tiro
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sciiexck]
will yield to me for a motion to go to business
on the Speaker's table I'will not object to these
little irregularities.
The SPEAKER; The gentleman cannot
make conditional objections. He must Object
absolutely or not at all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I object abso-
lutely.
Mr. CAKE. I aslc the gentleman to with-
draw his objection for a few minutes.
Mr. INGI3RSOLL. Very well; Iwi!lwith-;
draw for this once. ■
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular, order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexck] must proceed or yield the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then 1 ask that a vote he
taken on my motion.
Mr. CAKE. Can I not be heard by way of
personal explanation ?
" The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. CULLOM. How long does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. CAKE. Not over four minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Is it personal?
Mr. CAKE. It is personal to me, though I
would have preferred to have presented the
matter in some other way. It is about my
connection with the first soldiers that came t.o
Washington city in 1861. This is the anni-
versary day, and I wish to introduce a resolu-
tion to-day in relation to that subject.
Mr. BANKS. That is not a personal
matter.
Mr. CAKE, It is personal to me.
No objection was made; and leave was
granted accordingly.
DHFENSK 01? WASHINGTON.
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, nine years ago
this day it became my privilege, along with
some five hundred companions from the inte-
rior of Pennsylvania, to take my seat for^ the
first time upon this floor; not, sir, by virtue
of the certificate of election of a member of
Congress, but by virtue of the tnuster-iu roll
of a soldier of the Union. For me to speak
of tins is to approach a matter of a nature so
delicate that I would much prefer to leave it
to others ; but my old companions having de-
manded a recognition of the fact that they were
the first to offer their services, to march from
their homes, to master into the service of the
United States, and the first to arrive at Wash-
ington when the capital was threatened in the
early days of the rebellion, I am constrained
to approach the subject as a matter of duty to
them.
Mr. WOOD. It was not Pennsylvania, but
New York, that sent the first soldiers here.
Mr. CAKE. I have no doubt the gentleman
thinks ho ran make out, his case. lam now
making out mine. A brief statement of the
facts will fix the advance of these Pennsylvania
soldiersupon the records as a part of the history
of the country not to be denied, and then the
Military Committee of the House may determ-
ine what additional honor-shall he voted <this
band of men. • V
Mr. MUNGEN. , Will thbgentlerijan tell tig
who got here first from Bull. Run?' [Laugh-
ter. ] . ' , ' -
Mr. CAKE.' The services of the fVittsviile
national light infantry, Captain McDonald)
were tendered the Secretary of War at Wash-
ington, and the Governor of Pennsylvania'at
Harrisburg, on the of April, 1861. They
were accepted by the Secretary of WW by tel-
egraph on Satrfrday, April TO,'and b,y Use Gov-
ernor of theState'on Monday, the loth. Tliey
were instructed to hold themselves^!,) readiness
to march. The ordqr to moye to 'Harrisburg
reached Pottsville oil the 16th, too late for the
last train ; but it was obeyed on_ the 17th, the
company , fine hundred,and eight strong, reach-
ing Harrisburg that evening. • .
The servicesof the Pottsville :WaslmigtOtt
artillery, Captain Wren, were offered the Gov-
ernor of the State on Monday, April 15, were
accepted within an hour, receiving the same
orders sent the Infantry, and, onehundred and
twenty-nine strong, moved to Harrisburg with
the infantry on the 17th.
The services of the Reading llihggoUl artil-
lery, Captain MeKuight, were offered the Gov-
ernor on Monday, 15th April, were accepted
same day, and one hundred and three strong
moved to-Harrisburg on the 10th, one day
ahead of the Pottsville companies.
The services of the Lewistowh Logan guard,
Captain Sellieimer, wore offered the Governor
on the 15th, accepted the same day, and oiglity-
five strong moved to Harrisburg on the llith, the
first, to arrive at that eity.
The services of the Allentown Allen infantry,
Captain Yeager, were offered the Governor of
the State oil the 15th April, receiving thesame
orders, and forty-five strong joining the Potts-
ville companies at Reading, moved with them
to Harrisburg on the 17th. This battalion was
mustered into the service of I he United States
at Harrisburg by Captain Simmons of the
United States Army on the 18th of April. 18(51.
The capital of the country was believed to be
in imminent danger, and at the solicitation of
the authorities here, seconded by ilie' urgently
expressed wishes of the men themselves, they
wero, less than half armed and half unifornied,
hurried onthroiigh Baltimore, arrivingin Wash-
ington on the evening of the 18th, and tiiat
night were quartered upon this floor; On
their way from Harrisburg to Baltimore they
were cautioned not to attempt to pass through
the latter city. Unheeding orders and menaces
alike they kept on their way, and undaunted
by the assaults of the rebel mob of Baltimore,
which took every form except that of a, resort
to fire-arms, they pushed on and marched
where their presence was so sadly but unmis-
takably needed. The rebel element of Mary-
land believed that they were marching to*
prison, for it was well known that Washington
city was at that time full of traitors ready
to revolt. There can be no doubt' that more
obstruction would have been thrown in the way
of their advance through Baltimore had it not
been believed that the secessionists were strong
enough in the capital to seize the Government
and crush any number of volunteers that might
x'espopd from the North. It is estimated that
over two thousand armed banditti left this city
for the South between the 18th of April and
1st of May. At least one good company, pre-.
viously employed in and about the Capitol
building, was furnished from Capitol hill; and
as they departed from day to day the coun-
tenances of the few loyal citizens of the city
brightened, and the first ragged soldiers from
Pennsylvania, garrisoning the Arsenaland Fort
Washington, were forgotten.
On the morning of Sunday, April 21, Presi-
dent Lincoln came to the Capitol and took
each soldier by the hand. As he grasped mine
he said, with a bright smile breaking over his
face, "We breathed freely for the first time in
a week when joar safe arrival was announced
