1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4645
intended to isolate the southern line of Pacific
railroad from all the northern lines of Pacific
railroads.
Mi'. STEWART. The Senator is aware that
that gauge was made to satisfy the northern
country and the middle States, with which they
connect, and now it seems to me that the south-
ern system of roads ought to have a connection
on a gauge on which they cap run.
Mr. lilCE. I wish to state one word in
regard to' this question of gauge. My prefer-
ence is for a gauge of four feet eight and a half
inches, and X believe it was upon my sugges-
tion that that was originally put in the Senate
hill; but I find strong opposition to it in the
South. The representatives of every road in
the South oppose it, because their gauge is
• five feet. Therefore it was thought best to leave
it an open question with the company, and not
fix the gauge in the bill. Then they can accom-
modate themselves to circumstances, and ar-
range for a gauge of four feet eight and a half
inches, upon consultation, or five feet. But
we do not compel them to make that gauge.
It was on that ground that it was thought best
to modify this bill, in order to suit those who
were more directly interested in this road than
anybody else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is apparent that
this hill cannot be passed to-night, and as it is
desirable to run the northern and southern
States on a union gauge after this, I think we
had better adjourn and see if the friends of
this measure can accommodate their views
upon it. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
'Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to withdraw his motion for a moment,
that I may make a suggestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that all the
amendmerfts which have been offered, or are
ready tu be offered, be handed in and printed,
so that we may have them before us when nest
we take up this bill. If we do not adopt some
course of that sort the result will be that most
of us will be voting in the dark.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that-order will
be entered, that all amendments pending and
to be offered shall be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that order will be made, and any
amendment which any Senator may suggest
will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn now.
Mr. SCOTT. T desire to give notice of an
amendment that I ask to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
Mr. SPENCER. I offeran amendment also,
which I ask to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print will be entered. .
Mr. NYE. I offer au amendment, which I
ask to have printed.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there any
motion before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ There was
a motion made to adjourn ; but it was with-
drawn. T ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew it. _ I merely
withdrew it for the purpose of hearing a sug-
gestion from the Senator from California.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sena-
tor to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was going to
say that if there is no disposition to go on with
this bill to-night I desire to move to proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business
of this afternoon, so that it may be the order at
one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Post Ofhce appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RICE. Before that motion is put, I
wish to ask to have unanimous eonsent that
this bill maybe proceeded with on Wednesday
evening at half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. • Say to-morrow evening,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; we do notmeet
to-moyrow night.
Mr, STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Arkansas that if he does not pass this bill
to-night he will not be be likely to get another
night soon.
Mr. RICE. If the Senate propose to adjourn
now I want to get that consent in advance;
but I am in favor of staying here and complet-
ing the bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas asks unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of this bill on Wednesday evening next. Is
there objection? ["No objection."] The
Chair hears no objection; and Wednesday even-
ing will be devoted to the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer an amendment,
which I ask to have printed.
Mr. STEWART. I send an amendment to
the Chair to strike out section twenty-five of
the bill and to insert a substitute in lieu thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments that are desired to be introduced by
Senators will be printed under the order
which has been made.
POST OFFICE APPRQPEIATION BILO.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move to
take up the appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (11. R.
No. 1828) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote upon it.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. No, po ; let us pass the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
pass the bill to-night.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to ;
there being, on a division—ayes 19, noes 22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The pending question upon this bill is
the motion made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate refused to agree to the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Moriull.]
Mr. RICE. I suggest that the Pacific rail-
road bill is before the Senate this evening by
u-nanimous consent, and a vote cannot take it
away.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
by unanimous consent has agreed to consider
the Pacific railroad bill on Wednesday even;
ing. It then passed from the consideration of
the Senate, and the appropriation bill was
taken up. The question now is on reconsider-
ing the vote by which the Senate refused to
concur in the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr, President, when
this debate commenced I was in favor of the
House bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege out and out, thinking that we c°u'd
make such arrangements, if any were needed,
to supply any defects arising from the repeat
of the franking privilege as might be necessary
by some other bill, or as an amendment to so™®
of the appropriation bills. But I confess that
the discussion and the amendments that have
been offered have changed my views in regard
to the abolition of the franking privilege to some
extent. When the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr, Ramsey,] who has charge of the bill,
stated to us that if the bill passed he proposed
to introduce a proposition appropriating nearly
one million two hundred thousand dollars to
enable the different Departments to pay their
postage, it was apparent to me at once that
instead of savins; anything to the Government
we were increasing its expenses. He proposes
to do that by authorizing the Departments to
purchase stamps. Now, it will cost something
to manufacture those stamps. It costs nothing
to make the package " free."
It will not only cost something to manufac-
ture the stamps, butjhere is another expense,
and I ask the friends of the abolition of the
franking privilege, of whom I have been one
and am one now as far as we can do it. to con-
sider for a moment the danger of fraud. The
opportunities fox cheating will be multiplied
very greatly by resorting to stamps. When
you furnish the different Departments with
stamps they are liable to be stolen, and they
will be used to a greater extent than the frank-
ing privilege is used.
It seems that the complaint, after all, nar-
rows itself down to the franking privilege that
is exercised by members of Congress. There
is where the complaint is—the exercise of the
franking privilege by members of Congress and
in sending off so much matter from Washing-
ton. The complaint is that the mails are loaded
down with- your public documents under the
franks of members, and that they make use of
this right to frank, as a sort of perquisite, to
electioneer among their constituents. _ In ad-
dition to that there is another complaint, that
this privilege is abused.
It seems to me we should meet the public
expectation by doing simply this : by getting
rid of the franking privilege so far as it is exer-
cised by members of Congress, leaving the mail
matter of the different Departments to go
through the mails as it does now, free of post-'
age ; because it is only an expense for the
Departments to pay postage and collect the
money with which they shall do it. It is a
cheaper way not to pay the postage, because
we have got to furnish them the money to pay
it if they do pay it. Now, I think we shall
accomplish all that is desirable to accomplish
if we can devise some scheme by which the
public matter that ought to be distributed
among the people can go to them free^ of
expense, if you please, and at the same time
relieve members of Congress from this frank-
ing privilege. I have drawn an amendment
to°accomplish that object, which I send to the
Chair and offer in lieu of the pending amend-
ment, to strike out all after the word "that"
and to insert:
The authority to frank mail matter and to receivo
fucU matter free throosh tlie mans by Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates from territories in
the Congress of the United. Slates, the Secretary of
the Senate and Clerk of the Houso of Representa-
tives, be, and the same is hereby, abolished; but au
congressional and executive documents, and such
publications or books as have been or may be pub-
listed, procuied, or purchased by order or ■either
Hou«e of Congress, or a joint resolution oi the two
Houses, shall be considered.public: document, enti-
tled by existing law to be franked as such, and a. 1
seeds, cuttings, roots, andseions authorized by exist-
ing law to be franked shall pass tree through tho
mails from the city of Washington to their destina-
tion when the envelope shall be marked or stamped
designating what the package c on tarns* m such man-
ner as the Postmaster General shall by regulation
prescribe.
The effect of that is to abolish the franking
privilege and the right to receive mail matter
free on the part of members of Congress and
also on the part of the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
and at the same time to allow all matter that is
published here as a public document to go out
from Washington to its destination.
Mr. NYli. And from Washington only?
Sir. TRUMBULL. From Washington only.
That leaves the Departments to send their mail
matter, as they do now, through the mails free.
' There is no complication about this proposi-
i tion. It may go into operation immediately.
