1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3701
That section comprises what was known as a
bill to enforce the fourteenth amendment.
There is no doubt that in the earlier stage of
the debate that bill was proposed as an amend-
ment by the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] to the Senate bill of the Judiciary Com-
mittee (in his charge) to enforce the fifteenth
amendment. No action, however, was taken
upon it in that stage.
Afterward the House bill came in, and a
motion was made by the Senatqr from Oregon
Williams3 to substitute it for the Senate
bill. The next step was that the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] offered the Senate bill,
"with the amendments before proposed by
him," as asuhstitute for the House bill. My
recollection is distinct that those amendments,
although they appear in the Globe as having
been read in full, were not read, as a matter of
(act. All that Occurred was a very brief state-
ment by the Senator from Nevada that he
offered as a substitute the Senate Judiciary
Committee bill with the amendments which he
had before proposed.
Thenceforward the debate took a new point
of departure. All that occurred, everything
that was said by the Senator from Nevada
and by other Senators on that side, concurred
substantially in one result. That result was,
that as between the Senate bill and the House
bill thd only measures which were before the
Senate were the Senate bill aa reported by the
Judiciary Committee and the House bill as it
came from the House. It is true some amend-
ments were made from time to time in the
Senate bill by striking out sections of it as it
came from the committee, by amending sec-
tions, and by adding sections; as, for instance,
the section which was added on the motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
I mean the Senator from Wisconsin .who was
here during the greater part of the evening,
[Mr. Carpenter.] But, sir, the point of the
debate was, and the point of the position taken
by the Senator from Nevada was, whether the
Senate would ignore the work of the commit-
tee; whether it would refuse to adopt the bill
of the committee as basis for ita action, with
such amendments as the Senate might make,
or whether it would adopt the House bill as
the basis of its action. Directly after the Sen-
ator from Nevada first introduced the Senate
bill as a substitute for the Hons? bill a debate
arose in the course of the debate aa to whether
the Senate should base its,action upon theSen-
ate judiciary bill or upon the House bill. In
that debate the Senator from Nevada raid:
"Mr. Stbwaet-. It will take several days to perfect
the House bill. If you are willing to take the labor
of the committee, letus have the sense of the Senate.
If the Senate wish to ignore entirely what the com-
mittee have done, and propose to commence with
the House bill as a basis, letus understand it. If the
Senate is going to make the labor of the committee
.as it is a basis for perfecting a bill, we had better
adopt the substitute, an<l then we can tuaend it iu the
Senate as much as we desire."
Then the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Pool] spoke:
" Mr. Pool. Mr. President, I have examined both
these bills, and I think both are defective. I believe
it will be easier to amend the Senate bill so as to
make it what it should be than it would be to amend
the House bill I understand that the motion of the
Senator from Nevada, is to. substitute the Senate bill
for the House bill."
That was how the Senator from North Caro-
lina understood the matter directly after the
Senator from Nevada had made his motion.
He said further: :
" I suppose if that substitution Were made it would
then be too late to amend the Senate bill."
Here the Chair made a parliamentary ex-
planation. TheSenator from Nevada followed,
and then the Senator from North Carolina
remarked:
" Mr. Pool. I think the time necessary to amend
the Senate bill as it should be would be very consid-
erable, and it had better be done in'committee tban
in the Senate. I suppose that while the proposition
of tbe Senator from Nevadais pending, to substitute
the Senate bill, it will be proper to offer amendment
Alter amendment to that Senate bill, and to perfect
it. And when it is perfected, then the Senate can
vote whether they will substitute it for tho House
bill or not. I rose simply to express it, as my judg-
ment that we shall arrive at a correct conclusion
sooner and better by amending the Senate bill, and
substituting it, than by attempting to amend the
House bill in the present stago of the proceedings."
All this shows that the Senator from North
Carolina understood the question to be between
the Senate bill and the House bill. Then a
little further down the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] again said:
" Mr. Stewart. The motion now is to substitute
the Senate bill for the House bill, and we have a
right to amend the amendment."
Here the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cor-
bett] interposed:
" Mr. Coebett. Do I understand that the Senate
bill is before the Senate?
"The Presiding Officer. It is before the Senate
as an amendment to the House bill."
While the proceedings taken by the Senator
from Nevada were still fresh with him and
others all understood the question to be be-
tween the two bills of the two Houses respect-
ively, pure and simple.
It was at so late an hour yesterday that I
discovered in the bill, as printed in the Globe,
this sixteenth section, which, so far as I under-
stood, was never before the Senate to be acted
upon, that I have not been able to examine
the files of the Globe during the protracted
debate of last week further than as I have read.
But Senators who w ere present during the weary
hours of our session, from Friday afternoon
until Saturday morning at seven o'clock, and
who did me the favor to listen to what I said,
will remember a colloquy that took place be-
tween the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Car-
penter] and myself. I was arguing the want of
power in Congress to enact the legislation
called for by the bill of the Senate Judiciary j
Committee, under the terms of the fifteenth
amendment itself.
The Senator from Wisconsin called my atten-
tion to the language of the fourteenth amend-
ment as being sufficient to sustain the powers
claimed in the Senate committee's bill. I
replied at once that there was no bill purport-
ing to enforce the fourteenth amendment before
the Senate; that the only bill pending was one
to enforce the fifteenth amendment. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin retorted that it was not
material whether the bill in terms purported
to enforce the fifteenth amendment by virtue
of the powers given by that amendment; and
he said, doubtless correctly, that the question
was whether there was anywhere in the Con-
stitution power to sustain the Senate Judiciary
bill; that was a bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment and nothing more. It certainly
was not a bill to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment. So far as I knew no such bill was
before the Senate.
I then undertook to show, in reply to the
Senator from Wisconsin, that the fourteenth
amendment, in the particular I was discuss-
ing, did not differ from the fifteenth amend-
ment; that both amendments employed the
same language in effect; that both operated
npon the States. as States; and that if the
fifteenth amendment was defective in the grant
of power in that particular the fourteenth
amendment could not be invoked to correct
that defect. It was not suggested then, nor
afterward, by anybody that the bill to enforce
the fourteenth amendment was among the
amendments put upon the Senate bill at any
time. Every Senator who remembers the
whole course of the debate will bear me out
in this, that there was no word uttered by
any gentleman certainly of the minority, nor
I think of the majority either, in regard to the
merits of a bill or section to enforce the four-
teenth amendment.
The bills or measures that were discussed
were three. The Senate bill, as it was reported
from the Judiciary Committee by the Senator
from Nevada, was one. The House bill, as it
came from the House, was another measure.
The thifd.measure was that submitted by tbe
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] late on
Friday evening, submitted here I thiuk about
nine o'clock. The bill of the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool] was generally had
in mind as before the Senate, though it was
not much discussed, if at all. But if there was
before the Senate a measure to enforce the
fourteenth amendment tacked on to the Senate
bill as an amendment to that, I repeat that it
was totally ignored in the discussion from the
first word to the last. My own judgment is
that no considerable number of the Senators
here understood that to be a portion of the
bills upon which we were acting. Certainly I
can have nothing to reproach myself with, for
I think,so far as human vigilance orendurance
could go, I followed it closely at every stage,
always in my seat from the opening of the
debate last Monday until its close at seven
o'clock last Saturday morning.
I should not have troubled the Senate but
for a single consideration. The last sentence
of this section sixteen, inserted to enforce the
fourteenth amendment, is very wide-sweeping
and very vital in its operation. I will read it:
" No tax or charge shall be imposed or enforced by
any State upon any person emigrating thereto from
a foreign country which is not equally imposed and
enforced upon every person emigrating to suchStato
from ajiy other foreign country, and any law of any
State in conflict with this provision is hereby declared
null and void."
Mr. President, such a provision could never
have gone through this body had it been under-
stood to be before it without discussion and
without opposition, I am quite certain from ray
personal knowledge, from members on both
sides of this Chamber. It is a provision which
assails the emigration system of at least two
important States of this Union ; at least it is
susceptible of such a construction. 1 refer to
the emigration systems of New York and Mas-
sachusetts. It assails the emigration system
of the latter State more directly than that of
the former State, for unless 1 am mistaken the
emigration system of Massachusetts deals with
aliens as such who are emigrants. An argu-
ment may be made that the emigration laws of
New York deal only frith-emigrants as such.
But, even as to the New York laws, much
depends in the construction of language on the
meaningofthe word "emigrant.1' Asundertood
in Europe, it has one signification. It means
there one who leaves a foreign country of which
he is a native, a citizen, or a subject, to go to
another with the intention to reside there. In
the United States it includes anybody who
goes from one place to another at a consid-
erable distance within the territory of the Uni-
ted States. Senators from the Pacific coast
will remember that in the early days of Cali-
fornia and of Oregon in common speech we
spoke of the movements of our own people to
that coast as the emigration over the plains.
Who has not read of the emigrant trains on the
plains ? Who has not seen pictures of an emi-
grant wagon with its emigrant family on the
plains? I am reminded that such a picture
adorns apanel in this Capitol. " Emigrant,"
therefore, has a much broader singification in
American usage than it has as understood in
Europe. Now, sir, I have but very littleinform-
ation as to the emigration system of Massa-
chusetts. I have a considerable acquaintance
with the emigration system of New York. I
knew something of it at its inception, more
than twenty years ago and since. I believe
the Senate would never intend any interference
even by possible construction with its benefi-
cent operations.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ms..President, I rise to a
question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine will state his question of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. My question is that it is
not in order for the Senator from California to
discuss anything in that bill or out of it. He
can state in what manner the record should be
corrected as be desires, so as to bring it to the
attention of the Senate; but it is not in order
