1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
Wiiitteiiore] desires to amend it, and lias
offered an amendment." The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. .Lawrence] just now tried to get
in a long amendment. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] criticised many things
which are provided in the bill, and declared
here to the House that which I believe is not
true, that the loyal people of Virginia desired
the test-oath, and by his whole speech left it in
doubt here before the House whether he was
in favor of the bill or against, it. That gen-
tleman undertook in the. outset of his speech
by a portentous and threatening manifesto to
say that before he got through he would char-
acterize my course as it deserved. I expected
something very threatening. I expected to hear
the roar of a lion before the gentleman got
through, but he was obliged to stick so closely
to his manuscript that he forgot it, or for some
other reason he neglected any further refer-
ence to my course, and I found at last it was
not a lion at all, but only "Snug the joiner."
[Laughter.] Why, sir, Congress authorized
the people of Virginia to vote the test-oath out
of their constitution, and they did so by a
majority of forty thousand. Then how can it
be truly said either that they want it or that
we have a right to put it upon them?
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Whittemore] last evening attempted to criti-
cise my course, yet before he got through he
himself introduced a lying, absurd document
from individuals signing themselves the loyal
people of Virginia, in which they undertook to
blacken the character of the Governor-elect of
that State and the efforts of the men who are
attempting to bring that State into the Union,
and I desire to say a few words about that
document. Among the charges contained in
that lying paper was one that Governor Walker
was one of the Invincibl* Club of Chicago
which was organized, as this manifesto states,
for the purpose of releasing the rebel prisoners
at Camp Douglas. Sir, Governor Walker was
chosen president of the Invincible Club of Chi-
cago when it was a Douglas club aud organ-
ized for the purpose of supporting Stephen A.
Douglas for the Presidency; and I should like
to inquire of any gentleman upon this floor
whether Stephen A. Douglas was in the interest
of the rebellion or the rebel prisoners at Camp
Douglas ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I ask.the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Icannotyieldtothe
gentleman just now. Why, sir, to my own
knowledge Governor Walker was a strong
Douglas man, and sympathized with thatgreat
man in his political principles up to the da}' of
his death. He was with Douglas when he
made his great speech in Springfield, in which
he sounded the key-note to the war Democrats
of the country in favor of the Union and ot
the war for its maintenance. Governor Walker
himself made speeches in favor of the war.
1-Ie went to Springfield and aided in raising
troops for the successful prosecution of the war.
It is a libel, a gross, black, damnable libel, to
charge him with what has been charged ill
the lying document to which I have referred.
Why, sir, there were read at the Clerk's
desk last evening resolutions which Governor
Walker asked Virginia to pass, and^ the only
reason why the Legislature of \ irginia did not
pass them was because your Attorney General
said that they had no authority to engage in any
kind of legislation or to do anything beyond
:atifying the fifteenth amendment and electing
United States Senators.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well, sir.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The gentleman has
in the statement which he has made declared
that I have introduced a paper making charges
which are libelous and false. Now, I under-
take to say, sir, that they are true, and I can
prove the statements there made by the law-
partner of Governor W alker, and 1 only ask-
that this House may afford me an opportunity
to produce that prpof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The most energetic
man in getting up this manifesto and putting
it into the hands of the gentleman from South
Carolina for presentation is aman by the name of
Porter, who was tried and found guilty by a mil-
itary commission and sentenced to six months'
imprisonment, which sentence was approved
by General Butler, who then commanded the
department of the James. This man Porter
for four months had a ball and chain attached
to his ancle on account of his disloyalty, sedi-
tion, and drunkenness. And I undertake to
say without fear of successful contradiction
that this opposition to the admission of Vir-
ginia arises from the efforts of a few men who
see in the rehabilitation of Virginia and its
becoming again one of the States of the Union
that the offices which they now hold will slip
from their hands. I undertake to say that but
for the efforts of just such men Virginia would
have been admitted as a State into the Union,
according to the recommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
Why, sir, we have had procession after pro-
cession marching their solemn way through
the corridors of this Capitol to the Recon-
struction Committee room and asking us,
" Hear us now we heard them ; " Hear us to-
morrow we heard them. And we heard
them over and over again until we found that
their statements were but repetitions ofallega-
tions which had been contradicted and dis-
proved as often as they were made. I desire
the attention of the House to the following
manly letter of Governor Wells, of Virginia.
This gentleman was the candidate of the Re-
publican party for Governor of the State
against Walker. The testimony of such a man
must be worth something. He cannot be en-
tirely mistaken. Ilis letter, which appears
among the " papers lelative to the test-oath in
Virginia." is as follows :
Richmond, Virginia, December 10, 1SG9.
My Dear .Sir: I had hoped there would be at the
opening of Congress no division of sentiment in
Washington on the subject of the immediate restora-
tion of Vuginia, and am surprised at what occurrcd
before the .Reconstruction Committee on j-esterday.
We have arrived, it seems to me, at a stage in the
work of reconstruction when it is utterly idle to at-
tempt tiio correction of any evil which may exist here
by a longer denial of Federal representation to the
State. So Conservative or Democrat will be made a
Republican, no bitterness will be assuaged.no ostra-
cism be a,bated, nor any spirit of amnesty be encour-
aged or oblivion for the past be secured by either an
exclusion of the State or individuals from any of the
rights which belong to the most favored ot States
or citizens. Whether such desirable results were
ever likely to bo secured by test-oaths and disfran-
chisements or not, it is certain they can have no such
operation from this time forward.
If we are ever to secure prosperity in our material
interests, harmony in our social relations, or justice
and equality in political rights and privileges, it
must be done by such a universal act of notable
amnesty as deprives every man of the last vestige of
excuse for inflicting injustice upon others in retali-
ation for wrongs or political disabilities suffered by
himself. One may doubt the issue, or even believe
that such a measure ot liberality will fail of any
happy results; still it is the only refuge now left,
and wise men ought not to hesitate about making
the trial. It should be done, too, in no ungracious
spirit, but fully, freely, and with the broadest gen-
erosity. It is idle to find fault with or cavil at the
means or way by which we have been brought to this
condition. Itisentirclyimmaterialhowthe Repub-
lican party was defeated, nor shall we be likely to
contemplate i t ^ overthrow more graciously by longer
vote; that before the Christmas holidays, by one
single act of amnesty, the disabilities of every citi-
zen of this Ceinmoiiweaith ni.iv be removed. The
policy of selecting here and there individuals for
relief, not because of their superior claims, Jjut
rather on account of the friends they have "at
court," or the diiiercnec with wnich they move their
suit, is plainly unwise aud manifestly unjust; it
; ends largely to aggravate the irritation already ex-
isting. '.The two hundred men whose debilities are
in this way removed are not thereby rendered any
more the friends of the Government than they were
before, while all the other unrelieved find in this
last act of unju-d congressional discrimination a new
cause of more bubstamuil complaint, dislike, :>nd
bitterness.
St is useless longer to rely mon half measures,
i-'ever the kno; by ono blow. Untie all h mu-- by t>ne
word. If this policy does not succeed, then no other
can afford any reasonable hope of a better result. I
hope that you will do all inyour power to secure the
success and early adoption of this policy.
I remain, my dear sir, yours, truly,
n, ,T>wrr li. H. WELLS.
Colonel E. w. Hughes.
It will be seen that Governor Wells asks for
the unconditional and immediate admission of
the State of Virginia, and declares that noth-
ing is to be gained by longer delay or by put-
ting onerous conditions in the bill.. It is a
letter worthy of Governor Wells, who. is not
only a man of frank and generous impulses,
but a man of wisdom and sense. I ask atten-
tion also to the following letter from the Sen-
ators and members from Henrico county, em-
bracing the city of Richmond, in which they
fully indorse the pledges given by the com-
mittee of the Legislature of Virginia which
have been referred to in this debate:
Richmond, Virginia, January 1, 1870.
To Hon. Zeph. Turner,
Chairman Committee Virginia Legislature :
The undersigned, members of the Legislature from
the city of Richmond and county of Henrico, recog-
nize in the memorial lately presented to Congress
by your committee a correct expression of the feel-
ings aud purposes of our constituents in adopting
the constitution submitted to them in the last elec-
tion, and a just interpretation of the pledge made by
each of us in taking the oath of office as legislators
under the said constitution.
We have seen no disposition on the part of the
people since the election to regret or retract thoir
action jn this respect; and we therefore feel fully
authorized, as the representatives of those who
elected us, to concur in your memorial, and to ask,
through your committee, the immediate and uncon-
ditional admission of the State into the Union upon
the facts and pledges contained therein.
A. R. COURTNEY,
CHARLES CAMPBELL,
NORMAND SMITH.
Senators.
A. M. KEILEY,
AUG. BODEKER,
STEPHEN MASON.
WILLIAM LOVENSTEIN.
J. B. CRENSHAW,
JACOB S. ATLEE,
«. K. GILMER.
L. H. FRAYSER,
House of Delegates.
I also desire to have printed with my remarks
the following letter:
Washington, D. C., January 12, 1870.
General Farnswortii,
Acting Chairman Reconstruction Committee ;
The undersigned, members of the Virginia legisla-
tive committee appointed to visit Washington and
memorialize Congress for the admission of the State,
being informed that reports are being industriously
circulated charging that they, in a conversation
which occurred between Washington and Richmond,
asserted that "they had fooled the Reconstruction
Committee, thrown dust in their eyes, and otherwise
deceived the said Reconstruction Committee," would
respectfully yot earnestly pronounce the reports as
wholly untrue and unwarranted by any remarks
made by any of the said committee; that our pledges
on behalf of the Virginia General Assembly, our con-
stituents, and ourselves wore made honestly and in
good faith, and we have never in the slightest degree
swerved therefrom.
JOHN B. CRENSHAW,
W. Wr. WOOD.
J2TO. A. McGAULL,
Delegates.
Of the members of the house of delegates
from the county of Henrico who signed the let-
ter addressed to the committee of the Virginia
Legislature, only three are Radical Repub.
licans Of the members of the State senate
who signed it, only one is a Radical Repub-
lican. Why, then, do we wait ?
Gentlemen complain that under the present
system iu Virginia colored men are not called
to sit upon juries. Who is to blame for
that? Not Governor Walker ; not this Vir-
ginia constitution. It is because the old regime
still prevails in Virginia to a considerable
extent. General Canby, who is in charge of
the district, is a wise and judicious officer, but
if the sheriffs do not summon colored jurors
neither he nor Governor Walker can be held
responsible for their not doing so. The pres-
ent state of things will continue as long as the
sheriffs carry out the old system. But when
you put this constitution in force colored
men will at once take their seats on juries.
Again, under the old sj'stem colored men get
