KS70.
THB C0N&R18SIGNAL GLOBE.
1818
its Chief Clerk, announced th«t that body
)wd passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 182)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in appropriations for the contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives of the United
States for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870.
It farther announced that that body bad
passed bills of the following titles ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 849) for the relief 01 Samuel
F. Butterworth and others; and 1
An act (S. No. 488) to authorize the officers
of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
upon the account of Henry Etting, a paymas-
ter 111 the Navy.
aucndmext to tub pension laws.
Mr. GARFIELD, .of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced, a bill (H. R. No. 1473)
to amend the pension act of July 27, 1868;
which W43 read a first and second tine, and
referred to the Committee ou Invalid Pen-
sions.
M1KTUA O. RUDOLPH.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also.by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. E. No.
1478) granting a pension to Martha G. Rudolph;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
K. B. WOODBURY AND S. M. Sl'lNTYWS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also, by gnaq-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. ft, No.
1475) for-the relief of Edward B. Woodbury
and Sylvia M. Mclntyre; which was reada first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee an the Public Lauds.
NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent', re-
ported from.the Committee on the Ninth Cen-
tos a bill (H. R. No. 1476) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the taking of
the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States," &c., approved May 23, 1850;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the same committee, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment with & view to ita being printed with
the bill. ...
It was ordered accordingly.
CENTKNAKY 0* INDBPKNDBNCB.
Mr." MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1478) to provide for celebrating the hundredth
anniversary of American independence by hold-
ing an international exhibition of arts, mtfnu1
factnrds, and products of the soil and mines
in the city of Philadelphia, and State of Penn-
sylvania, in the year 1876; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
teeon Manufactures, and ordered to be printed.
J. N. Sl'CANDLESS.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by
Qoanimons consent, the Committee of Claims
were discharged framthe further consideration
of the petition of J. N. McCandless, of/ Ari-
zona, for relief on account of,injuries recei ved
while in theaerviee of the United States, and
the same was referred to the C*oupittee on
Invalid Pensions.
AJWUMOATIOit Q* CLAIMS. . ''
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1477) to provide fdr
the auditing, adjudicating, and payment of cer-
tain claims of certain loyal citizens of States
lately in rebellion ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, atid ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEADS FOR COLORED VKOPLfS.'
Mr. BOLES also, by unauimous consent,
introduced a bill (EL R. No, 1479) to provide
homesteads for the colored people of the south-
ern Stages; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Freed men's
Affairs, and ordered to be printed*
MILEAGE.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Mileage, reported back
a bill (H. R. No. 991) to regulate the mileage
of Senators, Representatives, and Delegates
in Congress, with a substitute; and moved that
the same be printed, and recommitted to the
same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
JESSE MORRISON.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1480) for the relief
of Jesse Morrison, of Illinois; which was read
a first and seeond time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
i printed.
MRS. CAROLINE SIPEV.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, by unani-
i raous consent, the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Mrs. Caroline Sipey,
, asking for a special act to allow her additional
{ bounty as provided by the act of July 28,1866,
( not having availed herself of its benefits, and
i being unable to do so by virtue of the act of
I 3d, March, 1869 ; and the same was referred to
j the Committee on Military Affairs.
| ' J. B. WOODWARD. i
j On motion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by
| unanimous consent, the Committee on Military
j Affairs was discharged from the further consid-
j eration of the petition of J. B. Woodward, of
j Paducah, Kentucky, for relief from unjust lit-
' igation on aeeoontof acts done under military
authority; and the same was referred to the
,, Committee on the Judiciary,
jj NEW POSt ROAD,
j Mr. WILKINSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1484) to establish
< a post road from Faribault to Glencoe, in the
: State of Minnesota; which was read a first and
j second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
| . REMOVAL Of POLITICAL DISABILITIES,
j Mr. HARRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
: duced a bill (H. R. No. 1481) to remove polit-
ical disabilities of citizens of Mississippi; which
was read a first and second tim«, referred to
the Committee o  RftcoastructLon, and ordered
to be printed.- •
MXttGARET M1TRKLEIN.
Mr. CESSNA, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1482) for the relief
of Mrs. Margaret Merklein, of Chambersburg,
Pennsylvania, for services in the hospital and
for preservation of hospital stores at the burn-
ing of Chamhersburg; which was read a first
and seeond time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON MARKET COMPANY.
Mr.. TANNER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported back, with amendments, the
bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Market Company; and moved that it
be recommitted, and, with the amendments,
printed,'
The motion was agreed to.
PETER MEBK8. -
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimousconsent, intro-
(|j Sed,a byUH,,ft. ,No. 1485) granting a pen-
sion to Peter ifaeke, late a,private in company
t, eighth, Tennessee volunteer infantry; which
nyas read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit'
tee on Invalid Pensions,
- MILITARY AND KAVAIi CADETS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous 'consent; - introduced resolutions
relatinga board, of examiners for candidates
for examination as cadets at the Military and
Naval Academies; which were referred to the
Committee on- Military Affairs, and ordered tp
be.printed 
office of education.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Education and Labor, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 1486) amendatory of
an act establishing the Office of Education,
discontinuing the Freedmen's Bureau, and for
other purposes; which was read a first, and
second time, recommitted to the committee,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. McNEELY, by unani-
mous consent, a substitute which he proposes
to offer for the bill was also ordered to be
printed.
postal clerks on pacific railroad.
On motion of Mr. WHEELER, by unani-
mous cousent, the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 896) fixing
the salaries of postal clerks on the Pacific rail-
: road; afld the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
| withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. JUDD, by unanimous
i consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
papers of Rev. E. B. Tuttle, for compensation
as chaplain.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of the heirs of Richard Hall, for the pur-
I pose of presenting the same in the Senate,
j leave of absence.
! By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
j granted to Mr. Bingham for two weeks.
; collision of the bombay and oneida.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
, laid before the House a communication from
J the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a reso-
! lution of the House, adopted March 2, 1870,
requesting him " to communicate to this House,
when he shall have received the information,
.under what circumstances occurred the loss,
by collision with the British mail steamer Bom-
bay, near the coast of Japan, on the 24th of
Jauuary last, of the United States steamer
Oneid^, giving the names and rank of the offi-
cers apd men who perished and of those who
survived; and whether the collision was acci-
dental or the result of carelessness and a dis-
regard of consequences ; whether all possible
means or any means were used to relieve and
rescue the officers and crew of the sinking ves-
sel ; also, whether the reports by way of Lon-
don through the State Department agree in
substance with those received through San
Francisco direct from the scene of the disaster.''
The SPEAKER. This communication is in
answer to a resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Matnard.J ,
The communication was refawed'tothe Com-
mittee on Naval Affaire,: aftd ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MAYN4-BD' I ask that the commu-
nication and the accompanying documents,
which jure not lengthy, bepriuteain the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The papers are as follows:
Navy Dkpabtmknt, JUareh9, 1870.
Sib! In- compliance with tha raaolution of the
I House 6f Representatives,of the £d instant, I hard
! the honor to transmit herewith—
1 1. A copy of a letter received this day from- Lieu-
' tenant Commander H. E. jtlullan,.oommandinK the
: United States steamer Idaho, daited Yokohama, Ja-
pan, January 31,1870, reporting the sinking of the
i United States steamer Oneida,  y colliding with the
j mailstearaer jJombay,in Yokohama bay on tho night
! of the 24th January. ^
; 2. A list of tho officers lost, 1 So far as could
! 3. A list of .the oJficerssaved, I be ascertained
I 4. A listof.tho.enlistedmeiilost, ?■ from the £ur-
i 5. Aliatoftheenlistedmensaved, I viving officers
) and man.
Hha above letter and lista contain all the official
information which.has as yet been received by this
Department.relative to the loss of the Oneida.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GE0KGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navn.
Hon. James GL Blaine.
Speaker of the House of Jiepr«MUative .
