4646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
It relieves members from writing their names
upon documents, and these documents may go
out under a stamp marking them as public
documents from the city of Washington, and
nowhere else, to their destination, wherever it
is. I think that will accomplish the object
desired.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator,
with the exception that he has now specified
allowing public documents to go under a stamp,
is not this the same proposition, not only in
substance, but in form, offered by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] which has been
voted down two or three times, and which the
Senate has just refused to consider?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is something like the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont, but
is not exactly the same thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any difference,
except that the right to send out public docu-
ments is retained?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is like the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, as I under-
stood his proposition, so far, and so far only,
as it does not interfere with the departmental
right to send mail matter free.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; his amendment
contained seeds, and a variety of things.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
seriously consider this proposition of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. With an amendment sncb
as his upon the bill it would be but a poor
emasculated reform at best, and we had better
not touch the subject at all. Suchti thing has
not been asked for, has not been seriously
entertained by any one before. I am surprised
that the honorable Senator who lias been with
us heretofore should now in our day of triumph
almost have been 
Mr. NYE. What does the Senator mean by
saying, "has been with us?"
Mr. RAMSEY. With us reformers.
Mr. NYE. Oh, "with us reformers!" I
did not know what he meant.
Mr. RAMSEY. That he should go over to
the enemy now surprises me very much. There
is no difficulty about public documents. In the
provinces just adjoining us on the north there
is not a public document that can be sent out
unless its postage is paid. It is so in England ;
it is so in Germany ; it is so in France. Why
is there such a tremendous difficulty here in
these United States of North America, that
affect to be so much in advance of all the world
in all .their governmental affairs?
Mr. SUMNER. Because we are in advance
of them; because we are a Republic.
Mr. RAMSEY. And yet wo cannotget along
with improvements with which all the rest
of the world have got along prosperously
for thirty years. We are hanging' back about
a reform 
Mr. NYE. Let me ask the Senator 
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me get through, and
then I will answer a thousand questions. The
Senator from Illinois is very much shocked at
the proposition to appropriate $1,000,000 for
the postage of the Departments. What will
this million cost? It will cost the Govern-
ment, almost nothing at all. It will be a mil-
lion of stamps, and a million of stamps will cost
for the printing probably ten or twenty thou-
sand dollars; and that is all there is of it.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator a, question which I know lie will answer
with great pleasure. It is well known in the
Senate that my friend has taken a great interest
in Winnipeg, lying north of Minnesota, and he
says up in that province they do not frank any-
thing. Now, I should like to ask the honor-
able Senator if he has not franked something
up there?
Mr. RAMSEY. As a matter of course, while
this law is in force, I have. There is nothing
improper in that.
Mr. NYE. The reason they do not frank any-
thing is they have nothing to frank, and nobody
to frank it to who can read. The reason why
v;e want to frank is that we have something
to frank and somebody to frank it to who can
appreciate it.
Mr. CONKLING. And somebody author-
ized to frank.
Mr. NYE. Now, what is this proposition
which, my honorable friend from New York
wonders at the introduction of? It is a simple
proposition that some of the Departments of
this country shall take these documents to their
destination, and from this place only, as I un-
derstand. That cuts off all this outside frank-
ing. Sir, there are as many public documents
as you could put in this room that must be taken
out and bonfired, that have cost millions, that
must be burned up, unless this provision of the
honorable Senator from Illinois is carried. I
was about to inquire—but upon that we have
already been answered, that the stamps with
which this is to be paid cost the Government
nothing. That is an easy way of issuing $1,000,-
000. If that is true, I want to know why the
honorable Senator from Minnesota proposed
an amendment here to appropriate $1,250,000
for the purpose of paying this postage ?
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator comes
to that, may I ask him a question?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. He says that documents
costing $1,000,000, if I understood him, must
be bonfired if the right to send them under a
signature is abrogated. Shall we understand,
then, that these documents which have cost
§1,000,000 are so valueless, so undesirable and
unacceptable, that they are not worth neither
the postage, the expressage, the freight, nor the
cost of any other mode of transportation, how-
ever cheap, which would carry them for pay
from this Capitol to their destination?
Mr. NYE. Is that the question?
Mr. CONKLING. That is the question.
Mr. NYE. Then I will proceed to answer it.
My honorable friend seems to be in sympathy,
from, his suggestion, with what I have supposed
underlies this whole great reform. He is in
sympathy on the theory—I do not mean any-
thing further—with the great express compa-
nies of this country, and the contractors who
carry the mails.
Mr. McCREERY. I should like to ask the
Senator one question.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. McCREERY. Will you give way for a
motion to adjourn? [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. In one minute I will. That, sir,
is the real sympathy. I have not had my eyes
around me in vain, and seen the express mes-
sengers of this country around this gallery and
upon .this floor to-day watching with great nerv-
ousness the result of these votes. Sir, the abo-
lition of this franking privilege takes matter
from the mails; it relieves these contractors
from the obligations they have entered into ;
it makes the express companies rich and the
people poor. That is the philosophy of my
distinguished friend from New York.
Sir, these documents are not valueless. They
are valuable beyond what the honorable Sen-
ator computes them to be, if I understood his
reasoning. They are valuable to a hungry
people for them in the distant portions of our
country. I want to keep the old avenue
through which they can go; but my friends here
j are disposed to cut off that avenue and substi-
tute others. Iamnotgoing into a debate now on
S this question. I have got abuse enough already,
j r.ud if I have not, I shall get it to-morrow.
| My friends here are saying all around, "How
I that Nye is getting whipped in the papers!" I
! care nothing aboutthat. i venture the prophecy
' that my judgment will be sustained against the
public press and against the denunciations that
I have received on this floor; and I appeal to
time, which puts all things right, on that score.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I take
it the Senate had on a former occasion two
reasons for voting down an amendment just
like this. Perhaps I am wrong in that regard.
I had two reasons, which I beg to state. First,
to curtail, as to members of Congressand as to
nobody else the privilege to frank, is an ad-
mission untrue, and therefore unjust to our-
selves, that we alone of all persons permitted
to frank are unfit longer to exercise that prac-
tice. I say I believe that is not true, and there-
fore it is not just; and to borrow the language
of another Senator, I will not file & cognovit that
I am unfit to exercise this practice, and that
every subordinate in an executive Department
is fit to exercise it. So much for thjit reason.
Now, the Senator from Nevada sees merit
in this amendment because it allows to survive
that immunity from postage which attaches to
public documents; and he says, with a self-
destructiveness which surprised me, as the
argument seemed to be that these documents,
costing $1,000,000—I repeat again, I under-
stood him to s<^y—must be bonfired for the
want of exit under the franking privilege.
Only think how the Senator admits and clinches
that argument, made truly, as I believe, for
years against this enormous abuse—the argu-
ment which consists in the statement not only
that a class privilege prevails, not only that
certain men do not pay their postage, but frank
their letters and the letters of their friends; but
that it is a vice in the Government, in the train
of which come other vices; that it leads to the
publication of documents so valueless, says
the Senator—for there is no escape from that
logic—that no man or woman would have
them if compelled to pay that postage which
attaches to printed matter; that there is not
an express company, a railroad company, a
steamboat company that carries common freight
in bulk so cheap that the people would consent,
under that tariff, to receive and pay for these
public documents. I say that is the logic, that
is the inevitable proof of the proposition which
the Senator states; and I submit to him and to
the Senate that it does clinch that ^rgument,
which is to the effect that books are printed
and disseminated which are never read; that
seeds are sent out which never come up 
Mr. NYE. Did I say that?
Mr. CONKLING. I had not alleged that
the honorable Senator said it.
Mr. NYE. I thought you were stating what
I said.
Mr. CONKLING. By no manner of means.
I will endeavor to make my proposition plain.
I think it is hardly my fault that it was not
plain before. I say that when the Senator
from Nevada admits and argues that we must
consign to the flames documents printed here
unless wo attach to them immunity from post-
age he argues only, in other words, that those
documents are so worthless that they will not
sell for the postage.
Mr. NYE. WillthehonorableSenatorallow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. These documents are not mine;
they are not the honorable Senator's docu-
ments ; they are the Government's documents,
and we have been only the avenue through
which they have been distributed. Now, I say
again that the Government will never pay the
postage on these documents to send them out,
for they do not know whom to send them to.
Mr. CONKLING. All that is well said;
but it does not help the Senator. He is the
trustee, he says, of these documents belonging
to the people of this country, and his business
is to distribute them. He knows by his list
who it is in Nevada that wants them ; and I
put again to him the proposition that he de-
stroys the only argument in favor of this sys-
tem when he takes the ground that his constitu-
ents will not pay even common freight upon
those documents for the privilege of possess-
ing them. And yet the argument is not as bad
as to him as it would be as to me and my col-
league, for example, because he has two thou-
sand miles which his documents must traverse.
My colleague and myself can send over a
freightage of two hundred and fifty miles, into
a community containing four million six hun-
dred thousand people, the documents of whick
