1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4647
we are the trustees; and again I say, for I
cannot submit it too often to the Senator, that
nothing is more fatal to the argument of the
propriety of printing these documents than for
my colleague and myself to say that we cannot
findin the State of New York, of men or women,
people who would pay the freight on two hun-
dred and forty-three miles, for the purpose of
receiving these documents, and, as the Senator
states it, that we as trustees must bonfire
them as the only alternative when postage is
imposed on them such as other printed matter
bears. No, sir; I submit it will not do. This
franking privilege is the figure-head of a group
of abuses; and publishing books—the survey
of the Northern Pacific Railroad for example,
which took place some fifteen years ago—at a
cost so enormous that I dare notstate it, for the
statement would challenge contradiction 
Mr. HAMLIN. Fifteen dollars a volume.
Mr. CONKLING. As my honorable friend
by my side corroborates me in my recollection,
I will say that fifteen dollars a volume was not
more than those books cost, and the printing
bill of that session of Congress, when public
printing was to some extent in its infancy,
would have alarmed and made indignant at
least all conscientious classes in this country.
Now, I say this franking privilege is the figure-
head of a group of abuses. Book-making, the
assemblage of worthless cuttings, of seedlings,
of things of no use or novelty, of seeds which
never come up, of specimens of crops sent into
localities where it is impossible for those crops
to grow—I measure my expression when I say
that—arvl other attendant evils, all march in
the procession of which this franking privilege
is the head.
Therefore, so far from thinking that the Sen-
ator from Illinois commends his proposition
when he suffers to run to a far futurity this
abuse of book-making, of seed and plant cul-
ture and dissemination, he puts into it that vice
which, in my judgment, is the most vicious in-
gredient of the whole system. I would rather
vote for the precise inverse of this proposition;
and if we strike down book-making and public-
document distributing in this way, and seed-
distributing, I would rather vote, as an offset
to that, to retain to the honorable Senator and
to myself the use of this privilege, to be exer-
cised upon the remaining matter which should
be distributed through the mails.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
New York accept of an amendment to this bill
that hereafter no public document shall be
printed? If so, I will propose it. Or will the
honorable Senator support an amendment 
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend will
allow me to respond to that suggestion. If he
should propose such an amendment as that, in
my humble judgment it would be Quite as mer-
itorious and quite as likely to win in the race
of approbation here and in the country as some
other amendments that have been proposed;
and yet I cannot promise him that I would vote
for it.
Mr. NYE. No; I presume not.
Mr. PRATT. Is the Senator from i\e\v
York through?
Mr. CONKLING. I was in the act of
occupying the floor, but was waiting for the
Senator from Nevada. I will conclude in a
moment, if my friend from Indiana will pardon
me, what I rose to say having transcended the
limits of what I intended to say already. _
This proposition of the Senator from Illinois
has been already repeatedly disposed of in the
Senate; and I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator, as a friend of abolishing the^ franking
privilege, that there can be nothing in the dis-
closure made by the Senator from Minnesota
which he did not contemplate with his clear
vision from the outset. He of course under-
stands that if the Executive Departments and
the two Houses of Congress are to cease to
frank their documents some substitute touch-
ing them is ta take place, and of coursc they
must mark specifically their correspondence in
some way, either by the ordinary prepayment
of postage or otherwise. The honorable Sen-
ator being in favor of cutting up this abuse,
and being in the habit of saying what he
means, and able to give his reasons for it, I
take him at all times at his word, and I have
no doubt he is as earnest about this as I insist
I am myself; and I submit to him, that being
in earnest, and having an appropriation bill
before us which gives rise to a consideration
which has embarrassed him and embarrassed
me, too, the only way we can hope to attain
the end which we have in view is to consider
as adjudicated at least those propositions upon
which the Senate has repeatedly voted, and
this is one, and let us, too, proceed if we can
to get a final determination upon the proposi-
tion itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
this is the third day of this debate on this par-
ticular measure. I do not rise to say that it
never ought to have been moved, because at
the end of so much time perhaps it is better it
should go on, and therefore it would be use-
less ; but I think I have a right to ask of the
Senate after this length of time, and particu-
larly of the friends of the measure, that we
should vote. And how has it been to-day?
My colleague made an earnest appeal to the
friends of this measure to vote; and after two
whole days' discussion it seemed to me that
that appeal was reasonable; that the friends
of this measure, if they had any confidence in
it, should vote. But it turns out that during
this whole day the friends of the measurehave
talked upon it, iterated and reiterated what
had been said a dozen times over on former
occasions ; and my honorable friend from New
York, [Mn Coxklikg,] who presented his
views with great force and clearness and elo-
quence, as he usually does, finds it necessary
after ten o'clock at night, to repeat his views
again and enforce his views again upon this
subject.
Now, I should like to know what the respons-
ible majority in this Senate suppose the coun-
try will think of what we are doing here. We
have three appropriation bills now before the
Senate. There are three which have passed
and gone to conference committees, and are
awaiting some consideration in conference.
Only one,'and that the smallest of all the bills,
has yet become a law, and we are within about
twenty days of the close of this session.^ And
yet on a question of so doubtful propriety as
this on such a bill, here, at the end of three
days, we are still talking, repeating, iterating
and reiterating, the same things that has been
said over and over again. The friends of the
measure seem to feel justified in replying to
every suggestion that is made here by way of |
delay, just as if nothing had been said; and
here we are on afresh start, as would seem, for
another week on this bill, so far as I can see.
Now, I submit whether I have not a right to
appeal to the Senate to vote on this bill. If
the friends of this measure are not content
with three days' discussion, if this is so doubt-
ful, so uncertain, so in the dark and in default,
that the friends of the measure cannot sit still
and hear it assailed, but must reply constantly
whenever anj'thing is said, I submit they ought
to withdraw it, and not embarrass this bill
and all the appropriation bills of the Senate,
within twenty days of the close of the session,
with this measure. I hope,^ therefore, the Sen-
ate will sitherc to-night until this bill is brought
to Sj closc, and allow me to taks up the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill before
we leave the Senate and finish that to-morrow,
so that I shall not be in the way of the Committee
on Finance on Wednesday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Illinois. c
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. N\E called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope my friend
will not make that motion. We can close this
bill in thirty minutes, and save a day's labor
upon it to-morrow.
Mr. McCREERY. I differ with the Sen-
ator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky insist on his motion?
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if he will withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to ask the Senate
if they will not agree at a fixed hour to-mor-
row to take the vote on this measure. My
colleague sees the thinness of the seats here.
I simply want action upon this proposition.
If the amendment has a majority of friends
here, let it prevail. If it has not, let it fail.
Now, I ask if we may not agree at one, two,
or three o'clock, some hour to-morrow, to take
the vote?
Mr. DRAKE. Say two o'clock.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say two o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. No agreement.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says "no agreement."
Mr. WILSON. Thenletussetitoutto-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
ator from Maine suggests that by unanimous
consent the Senate agree to take the vote on
this proposition to-morrow at two o'clock. Is
there objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then let us sit
it out.
Mr. McCREERY. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded and concluded the
call of the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
absentees be called.
Mr. CONKLING. You cannot do that till
the vote is announced.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the result of
the vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know what
it is.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Chair has not
announced it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The result was announced—yeas 5, nays 28;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Drake, McCreery, E-obertson,
and Sumner—5.
SAYS—Messrs.Boreman, Buckingham,Chandler
Conklmg.Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlm, Har-
lan, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Riee, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Warner,
Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cat-
tell, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Eerry, Flan-
agan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,
Howard, Howe, Johnston, Kelloscg, Lewis, Morrii!
of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Revels,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer,^htocKton,
Thayer. Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—o!>.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but there is uo quorum
voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want agam, for the con-
sideration of the Senate, to renew my proposi-
tion, and ask if we may not agree to take this
vote at two o'clock- to-morrow. [-'One
o'clock."] I make that proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks that by unanimous conscnt
the vote be taken to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. It is within my knowledge
that a Senator desires to-morrow to address
the Senate on this subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; he will have
two hours.
Mr. SUMNER. He may want more.
