1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
decided in the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 40,
not voting 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, Bennett. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Burchard, Burdett, Burr, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake,
Calkin, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger,
Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Dewecse, Dick-
inson, Doekery, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge, Farns-
worth. Ferry, Finkolnburg, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Get7;, Gilfillan, Golladay, Greene, Griswold. Haight,
Halderaan, Hale, Ilambleton, Ilamill, Hawkins,
Ilay. Ileaton, fleflin, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Jcnckes, Johnson, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr.Ketch-
nm.Knott, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Marshall, Mayhatn,
McCarthy, ?>IeCormiek, McGrew, MeNeely, Mercur,
V-J5liakim H. Moore. Jesse H. Mooje, Morgan, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Mungcn, Myers. Nib-
lack, Orth. Packard, Packcr, Paine, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Prosscr, ILandall, Reading. Reeve?, Rice,
Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Schenck,Schumaker, Sco-
field. Porter Sheldon, Slooura, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, "Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stone, Stonghton, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney. Tanner,Till man.Trimble,Twichell.Tyner,
tJpson, Van Auken.Van Trump, Voorhees, "William
B. Washburn, Welker. WelU, Williams. EugeneM.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—142,
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Beatty,
Benton, Boles. Bowcn, Boyrl, Buffinton, Cessna,
Clarke,AmasaOobb, Coburn, Dickey.Dixon, Donley,
El a. Ferriss, Fisher, Hamilton, Ha wlcy, Hoar, Hoge,
Kciley, ICelscy, Lawrencc, Loughridge. Maynard,
McCrary. William Moore. Negricy, O'Neill, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Roots, Shanks, William J. Smith,
William Smvth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, TafTe,
Townsend,Ward, CadwaladerC.Washburn,Wheeler,
"Whitternore. and Willard—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Benjamin F. But-
ler. Cleveland, Davis. Ilay, Hoag, Ilotchkiss, Alex-
ander 13. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Knapp,
Lynch, Morrissey. Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Strickland, Van Hum, and Wilkinson—19.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PETERS said : My colleague,' Mr.
Lynch, is necessarily absent. If he were
here he would vote uay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion lo reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assignment of committee-rooms.
Mr. TANNER. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the resolution of the House in relation to the
location of the House post office, have in-
structed me to submit a report.
The report, which was read, states that the
committee, after examining the subject, are
of opinion that, the necessities of the public
business require that the Committee of Ways
and Means and the Committee on Appropria-
tions should have more extended accommoda-
tions, and thej' recommend that the resolution
of the 11th instant assigning rooms to those
committees to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads and to the House post office
be carried into effect. They find thai, the
new room thus assigned to the House post
office will be sufficient tor all business of that
office, but lyould be greatly overcrowded by
placing the branch of the city post office in the
same room. They recommend that one of the
unoccupied committee-rooms prepared during
the vacation of Congress be assigned to the
branch city post office. They find that the
room occupied by the stationery clerk as a
private office would add greatly to the con-
venience of the Committee on Banking and
Currency ; and they recommend that that room
be assigned to that committee in^ addition to
the room already assigned to it. To carry out
these necessary recommendations the com-
mittee recommend the adoption ot the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That the branch city post office be as-
signed to any one ol the unoccupicd committee-rooms
prepared .luring the summer vacation of Congress;
and that the room now occupied as the private office
ot'the stationery clerk be assigned to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, in addition to tho room
already assigned to that committee.
Mr. TANNER. 1 mov^the previous qnos-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution just
read.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the vote just
taken be reconsidered; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for adjourning
over till Monday be rescinded, and that the
House meet to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at five o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of Thomas
F. Bowler, for relief.
Also, the petition of Thomas F. Bowler,
praying that the Postmaster General may be
authorized to settle his accounts for loss sus-
tained in the annulment of his contract for
carrying the mail on route No. 10615.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Benja-
min T. Gunter, of Accomae county, Virginia,
praying for relief from disabilities by virtue of
the amendment to the Constitution.
Also, the petition of J. J. Littlefied and others,
of Petersburg, Michigan, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of P. R. Adams and others,
of Tecumseh, Michigan, to the same effect.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Warfield &
Co., of Lexington, Kentucky, for payment of
$955, proceeds of whisky, seized by the Gov-
ernment, which they had purchased on cer-
tificate of the assessor and collector of the
district.
Also, the petition of Benjamin B. Grooms
& Co., praying for payment upon their con-
tract for the delivery of mails to the Govern-
ment of the United States at Nashville, Ten-
nessee, and exhibits accompanying the same.
By Mr. BENNETT : The petition of E. W.
Benson and 2,275 others, asking for a pension
to be granted to the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812 and their widows.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of the
Hon. J. Bourne, jr., and 300 others, citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for a
repeal of the duty on coal.
Also, the memorial of Captain V. B. Nick-
erson, and 26 others, citizens of South Dan-
vers, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD : Petitions from citi-
zens of Milledgeville and Elkhorn Grove, Car-
roll county, Illinois, for abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA : A petition of citizens of
Franklin county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a memorial of iron manufacturers of
Pennsylvania, against any reduction of the
tariff on iron.
Also, the petition of John Stillwell, of Ful-
ton county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the war
of 1812, praying for a pension.
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of Joseph
Collins and others, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin : A petition of
citizens of Iteedsburgli, Sauk county, Wiscon-
sin. for the repeal of the frauking privilege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Lastaut., Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking prhilege.
Also, a petition o.f citizens of New Rutland,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, for pension to sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of I. M. Reed
and others, citizens of Ritchie county, West
Virginia, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition from
citizens of Franklin county, Missouri, for abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Jefferson
county, Missouri, for same.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William Claflin and others, engaged
in the hide, leather, and boot and shoe trade, for
the removal of all duty on imported raw hides,
skins, and tanning materials.
By Mr. KELSEY: A petition of 39 citizens
of Stanley Corners, New York, for the abol-
ition of the franking privilege. .
By Mr. McGREW : A petition of 89 citizens
of Marion county, West Virginia, asking for
the passage of a law abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. McNEELY: A petition of certain
citizens of Mason county and of Fulton county,
Illinois, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MAYHAM: Twopetitionsofcitizens
of Albany, New York, praying for the erection
of a building for the United States courts, post
office, &c., in that city.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 72 citizens
of Wyrox, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the franking privilege be abol-
ished.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of Hugh
Alexander, late a captain of company G, one
hundred and ninth Pennsylvania volunteers,
praying the passage of a bill granting him the
arrears of pay due him up to the time of hi3
discharge from the service of the United States.
Also, the petition of James Dailey, late
private company G, sixty-ninth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, for an invalid pension.
Also, the petition of Captain George M. Col-
vocoresses, United States Navy, asking restora-
tion to the active list.
By Mr. READING: The memorial of the
Montgomery Iron Company and others, repre-
senting thirty-seven furnaces in the Lehigh,
Schuylkill, and Susquehanna regions in Penn-
sylvania. for an inquiry into the data upon which
Commissioner Wells based his late report.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Bucks
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. ORTH: A petition of many citizens
of Indiana, praying for relief to certain soldiers
of the late war.
By Mr. REEVES: A petition from citizens
of the State of New York, for the improve-
ment of Peconic river, in Suffolk county, New
York.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of James
Scales and 45 others, citizens of Andover, New
Hampshire, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Lyman Woodward and 50
others, legal voters of Hubbardston, Massa-
chusetts, praying that thefrankingprivilege be
abolished.
Also, the petition of Joseph Whitcomb and
45 others, legal voters of East Princeton, Mas-
sachusetts, to the same purpose and effect.
By Mr. WHEELER: A petition of numer-
ous citizens of tho town of Malone, Franklin
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : A petition of 4-5 citi-
zens of Larwill, Indiana, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of the offi-
cers and members ofthe Luzerne County Med-
ical Society, for a law which shall permanently
I accord to medical officers of the iNavy such
! rank, material privileges, immunities, and ac-
1 commodations as are necessary to theerticiency
I ofthe service.
