1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2759
more than a quorum, and the committee will
resume its session.
The committee resumed its session, Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN, The pending question
is the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr.TwicHELL,] and the tellers will
resume their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes *76.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert after the
word "not" the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all buttons and all ornaments for dresses and
outside garments, not otherwise provided for, 30 per
cent, ad valorem.
On all articles made wholly of India-rubber or gut-
ta-percha, except buttons and ornaments for dresses
and outside garments, 25 per cent, ad valorem.
On cloth of all kinds, woven, or made in patterns
of such size and form or cut in such manner as to bo
fit for the manutacture of buttons exclusively, not
combined with India-rubber, lOpercent. advalorem.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
On iron in piss, $7 per ton.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend by
striking out " $7" and inserting "$3." By
the existing law the duty on pig iron is $9 per
ton. The Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, in his report, recommends to Congress
to reduce the duty to $3 per ton. The com-
mittee, in almost entire disregard of the rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner, make a
nominal deduction of $2, proposing to leave
the duty at $7 per ton. The statement of the
Commissioner upon this subject illustrates one
of the beauties of the protective tariff, not only
as to this article, but as to others contained in
this bill. lie says:
"The extent of revenue reduction arising from the
adoption of the above modifications"—
That is, the reduction from $9 to $3 per ton,
as proposed by him—-
"will, in the opinion of the Commissioner, bo as
follows:
"In respect to pig iron a reduction of the duty
would undoubtedly be followed by such a reduction
in tho price of the domestic product as, added to
freights andcommissionson theforeign article, would
leave the relations between the domestic and foreign
producers the same substantially as at present. No
material increase of imports being probable, the loss
to the revenue would, therefore, bo approximately
#750,000. A reduction of $6 per ton in the cost of a
domestic consumption of 1,800.000 tons (domestic and
foreign) would, however, relieve tho community
of taxation, in tho first instance, to tho extent of
$10,800,000 per annum."
Thus, by having theduty as at present, at $9
per ton instead of $3, there has gone into the
Treasury of the United States $750,000, for
which the people have paid $10,800,000 annu-
ally. ' In other words, for every dollar that gets
into the Treasury by the additional tariff the
people of the country are compelled to pay $15,
$14 of course going to the manufacturers and
$1 to the Government.
The Commissioner further says :
"The indirect gain to the community by thoconse-
quent tendency to cheapen bar iron and promote
industry would, however, be considerable."
He further shows that the duty on scrap and
bar iron and other varieties operates in the same
way. Itwillbeborne in mind that the Commis-
sioner is notaDemocrat, not a free-trade man.
He is a Republican, an officer under the pres-
ent Administration, but at the same time a
gentleman who has given this subject, as his
report shows, his most careful study and con-
sideration in all its bearings. This is a matter
that the people should understand. I trust in
time they will understand it.
There is another consideration, Mr._ Chair-
man, bearing upon this question of- grave
importance, of primary interest to the coun-
tiy. Not. only have the people been com-
pelled to pay $15 for every one that went into
the Treasury under this most odious and op-
pressive tariff, but from this cause alone—the
increased price of iron and steel caused by the
tariff—our shipping interest is nearly destroyed.
Even as to wooden vessels, so much iron is
necessary to be used in their construction and
fitting out that our ship-builders cannot com-
pete with those of other nations; much less can
they do so in building composite or iron vessels.
Mr. Edwards, of the Boston Atlantic Works,
whose company has been largely engaged in
building ships and machinery for the Govern-
ment, says:
" If the Government will simply re$it the duties
on iron he can build ships as cheaply here as thoy
do in Scotland or England."
Sir, it is well known that in the short space
of ten years, during the time of this high tariff
on iron, we have almost ceased to be a mari-
time nation. In 1858-59, under a low tariff
on these articles, our shipping engaged in
foreign commerce was about equal to that of
Great Britain; that our commercial marine,
in speed, symmetry, and discipline superior to
that of any other nation, was not only in suc-
cessful competition with Great Britain, but
was about to outstrip her in the race. To-day
our shipping engaged in that commerce is about
as one to eight or nine in favor of England.
Our commercial marine was an interest that
asked no protection; one that was more than
self-sustaining. Its value was a hundredfold
more valueable to the country than the domestic
iron interest. It brought wealth to your shores
from every quarter of the globe. Your vessels
were swarming and your flag flaunting on every
sea; busy dock-yards were seen, and the din
of hammers heard in all your ship-yards. All
this has been substantially struck out of exist-
ence in the short space of ten years by the
ruthless hand of Congress, to protect pig iron ;
to protect an iron interest, for an iron monop-
oly of Pennsylvania joined in an unholy alliance
with the manufacturing monopolies of New
England, and aiding the latter in their turn in
like manner to enrich themselves, to the destruc-
tion or injury of other interests equally or more
valuable, and to the general detriment of the
country.
It is from this, the iron as originally smelted
from the ore, that all the varieties of iron and
steel are manufactured; from this all the innum-
erable articles of cutlery, the tools, machines,
and implements of the husbandman and me-
chanic, are manufactured ; all these are in-
creased in cost by the increase of the price of
the iron in its crude state. Your tailroads,
necessary tobringthefarmerandbusiness men
of all classes from tho interior and West, with
their products, to the marts of the sea-board are
increased in expense, their building retarded
or virtually prevented, and all this for the high
pig-iron duty, of which the Government gets
$1 to every $15 that the people, those who use
iron in any of its varieties, have to pay. Will
not the people of the West, without distinction
of party, join with us to crush out the monop-
oly and put an end to these monstrous imposi-
tions? Where are the gentlemen from the
western States belonging to the opposite side
of this House who, a short time since, were
heard on this floor denouncing the high tariff
as inimical to the interests of the country, and
especially the people of the West? Now, when
tho votes are taken, with one or two honorable
exceptions, their voices are silent, or heard
against us. Will they not break loose from the
tariff ring, that by its combinations and coali-
tions is running legislation here exclusively in
its own interest? Let. us place the tariff, as
recommended by the Commissioner, at $8 per
ton, which will give the domestic manufacturer
an advantage to that amount over the foreigner,
besides the risk and expense of transportation.
Mr. BOYD. ! rise for the purpose of oppos-
ing this amendment. I have participated but
little in the general discussion or in the specific
discussion of this bill. So far as U have given
my vote it has been for a diminution of duty on
all those articles which enter as necessaries into
the general consumption of the people.
It is known to the gentleman who is chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, it
is known to all gentlemen who have'examined
this question of iron, that we derived a very
small revenue from the tax of $9 a ton on pig
iron; and that we will derive a little less by a
tax of $7; but at'millions of dollars of expense
to the consumer for the benefit of the manufac-
turer. It is equally known that there is. not a
man who is doing business for himself in all
this country who has not, more or less, some-
thing to do with iron. It enters into the every-
day business of the farming community; and
when you take into consideration the number
of people who are engaged in other than agri-
cultural businesses, in factories, in mechanical
workshops, &c., you will find that the pre-
ponderance of numbers of those engaged in
agricultural pursuits is very great. I say, then,
Mr. Chairman, that it is wrong to take from
this great proportion of the population of
this country the very necessaries of their life
in order to protect a few. The discussion in
favor of this tariff from all parts of the United
States has convinced me, and must have con-
vinced every gentleman in this House, that this
iron question is a local business, every one par-
ticipating therein merely trying to better his
own interest at the expense of the people.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know if the gentleman is
supporting the amendment? .
Mr. BOTD. I rose to oppose the amend-
ment in order to enable me to make the
remarks I now do.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is, the gentleman
rose to oppose the amendment to give him an
opportunity to make remarks in favor of the
amendment. I must insist on the point of
order. This may be preventing some other
gentleman from opposing the amendment who
is reallv opposed to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BOYD. I renew it. And now, sir,
having satisfied the gentleman who is chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
with regard to his point of order, I desire dis-
tinctly to tell the gentleman as a Republican,
and as one who I believe represents in part the
great interests of the entire people of this
country, that I consider it wrong to impose
any tax whatever on this article and on other
necessaries of life ; and I hold it to be the duty
of the gentlemen who hold seats on this floor,
as this question was not made an issue during
the canvass by which we obtained our posi-
tions hero, to prevent this tariff—with so small
relief to the farmer and tho laboring man—
from being rushed through, at least until the
people shall have had an opportunity of pro-
nouncing upon it. I hold it to be the correct
doctrine that the capital of this country shall
bear the great proportion of the expenses of
carrying on the Government and meeting the
debt of the country. It is our duty to see
that the poor of the country, that its laboring
men, who are the bone and sinew thereof, are
relieved of taxes as much as possible.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYD. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HAY. I renew it. Mr. Chairman, the
Congress ol'the United States created the office
of Special Commissioner of the Revenue—an
officer whose business it is to investigate into
the sources of taxation and to make such rec-
ommendations as he may deem advisable to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and to
other officers of the Government, as to what
changes should be made in our revenue laws.
The Special Commissioner haainvestigated this
matter thoroughly. He has conducted an in-
vestigation of the subject all over the country ;
and he has reported to Congress and to the
Committee of Ways and Means that the best
rate of duty to impose upon the article of pig
iron is $3 per ton. He shows that over most
of this country the cost of the production of
