mo.-
"3ME> CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B703
Maine asks the Chair to state the condition 06
this bill, which he will do with the consent of
the Senate with pleasure. House bill No. 1293
being under consideration, the Senator from
Nevada moved to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and insert Senate bill No. 810, which
was reported from the Judiciary Committee,
and also Senate bill No. 114 and Senate bill
No. 805, being the contents of those bills, as
a substitute. This motion was made when the
Senate commenced the consideration of the
House bill. During the whole course of the
debate those bills together lay on the table of
the Chair, and when he left the chair tempo-
rarily Senators who occupied his place were
apprised by him that this was the amendment
pending, embracing the proposition to enforce
the fourteenth amendment. The presentoccu-
paut of the chair was in the chair on Friday
evening until ten o'clock ; but in consequence
of ill-health, which had kept him in the chair
111 a great deal of embarrassment all the day,
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] con-
sented to preside during the remainder of that
session.
The Chair will state that the Senator from
California is correct in one point that he
makes; and that is, that the debate on Friday
night, as listened to by the present occupant
of the chair and read in the Globe, on the
part- of the minority by the Senator from Ken-
tuckyj [Mr. Davis,] the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman,] and the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casserly] did, not refer to the
provisions in regard to the fourteenth amend-
ment. Their attention seemed to be directed
to the fifteenth amendment, and the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
as afterward modified on the motion of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin j] but it is
no Jess true that this proposition was pending
all the time. The Chair will call the attention
of the Senator from California to the proceed-
ings as reported on the sixth page of Satur-
day's Globe, being the debate of Friday after-
noon, before the recess, in which he will find
the following:
" Mr. Cassjerly and Mr. Stewart. Mr. Presi-
"Tho prksmrno Officer, (Mr. Warner in the
chair.) The Senator from California.
"Mr. Casserly. If tUo Senator from Nevada
wishes to say something in reply to the Senator from
Oregon, I am willing to yield.
"Mr. StbWart. I wish to reply to some of the
technioal objections that hfave,been made.
" The Presiding Officer. Does the Senator from
California yield? 1' ; • ,,
"Mr. Casserly. Certainly, for a,reply to, the
Sca&tor from Oregon. That is all the Senator de-
sires, I believe."
The -Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart}
then took the floor for the purpose of showing
that the proposition pending before the Senate
as coming from the Judiciary Committee, with
the Various sections added to it by himself with
the assent of the committee, was better and
more effective than the proposition of the
House; and ia the course of the debate, in
the second column of that speech, the Senator
from Nevada, after defending the part in re-
gard to the fifteenth amendment as proposed
by the Judiciary Committee, as being better
than the proposition of the House, goes on as
follows:
" Then the other provision which has been added
is one of great importance. It isof more importance
to the honor of this nation than all the rest of this
bill. We are inviting to our shores, or allowingtnem
to come, Asiatics."
The Chair will not read the argument which
the Senator from Nevada made in regard to
the Asiatics. That is not vita,l to this parlia-
mentary point. He then says:
"I have incorporated that provision in this bill on
the advice of the Judiciary Committee to facilitate
matters, and so that wo shall have the whole subject
before us in on© discussion. It is as solemn a duty
as can be devolved upon this Congress to see that
those people are protected."
Then, after some further debate on the
proposition to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment, he says:
" Why is not this bill a good place in which to put
that provision? Why should wo not put in this bill
a measure to enforce both tho fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments at oncc? It will take no longer
time in discussion. It will not delay the bill an
hour."
Then, after some further discussion of the
merits, he adds:
"I hope .that provision will not be left off this bill, 1
for there is no time to take it up as a separateineas-
uro, discuss it, and pass it at this session." '
These remarks of the Senator from Nevada, !
in which he directly alluded to this, part of the
measure and presented arguments in favor of
it as being necessary to have, it incorporated in
this bill and passed as a law, seem to have
been overlooked. After th'e bill passed on
Saturday morning the question cjame up in
regard to the title of the bill, and the following
proceedings occurred :
" Mr. Stktvaet. Add there tho words ' and fqr
other purposes.'
"Mr. Scmner. Why do you want to have ' other
purposes' in ?
"Mr. Stewart. Hero is a provision to enforce
the fourteenth amendment. Strike out all after
'Union' and insert 'and for other purposes.'
"Mr. Trumbull. I think the title proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts would indicate the
purpose of the bill better: and then put on 'for
other purposes.'
" Mr. Stewart. That is what I want. Striko out
after the word 'Union*" and thcti' insert 'and for
other purposes.'
" Mr. TrujubOll. Read it, then, as it will read if
amended.
"The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed, the
title will read, ' A bill to enforce the right of citi-
zens of the United States .to vote in theseveral States
of this Union, and for other purposes.'
"Mr. Sumner. That is the whole case.
"Mr. srkwart. No; the fourteenth amendment,
to prevent improper holding of office, and. then the
civil rights bill have been put on.
"Mr. Sumner. Yes.
"Mr. Stewart. So after' Union' insert and for
othen purposes.'
" The title was so amended."
These proceedings disclose the fact that the
Senator from Nevada in arguing with regard
to the comparative merits' of the- two bills did
distinctly refer to the fourteenth amendment
and its enforcement as being in the bill; a
remark which probably was not heard by the
Senators on the right of the Chair. After the
bill had passed, in the colloquy between him-
self and the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senator from Illinois as to the proper title
of the bill, it was again referred to j.'bui^Ottbt-*
less at that time the interest of thesubgect had
passed from the minds of Senators after the
prolonged session, and these remarks ,did not
arrest; the attention of Senators -on the right
of the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think after the state-
ment made by the Chair it is proper that I
should withdraw the motion I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California withdraws the motion. Peti-
tions and memorials are now in order. . ^
Mr. CORBETT. Before the motion is with-
drawn—- „ ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is withdrawn.
The Senator can renew it.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to make a
single remark before the Senator withdraws it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will do whatever the
Senator desires.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to make one
remark. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California, then, does not withdraw the motion
for the present?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir.
Mf. CORBETT. I can only account For the
proceedings this morning in one way, and I
will send to the Secretary to read what I have
marked in.the Globe. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] told us a good anecdote on
Friday night, which I will ask the Secretary
to read. .
Tha VICE PRESIDENT. Before the read-
ing, the Chair desires to add, and should add,
that the proposition of the Senator from Nevada
was called by the Senators temporarily occu-
pying the chair, in brief, " the Senate bill, it
being a conflict between the propositions of
the two Houses, which probably misled Sen-
ators.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to have the extract
read which I send up to the desk, being a little
rhyme which the Senator from Ohio favored
us with in the debate on Friday night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Said Charlie to Dickon, 'By all that is blue,
I can't see tho Speaker: say, Dickon, can you?'
"See the Speaker?' said Dick,' why, I swear it is
true,
I do see the Speaker; yes, by Jove, I see two.'"
[Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT.
I only desire to say that
probably the Senator from Ohio may have been
in the position that "Charlie" was. That is
the only way in which I can account for his
overlooking the sixteenth section of the bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That only shows that my
friend from Oregon is not a very good reasoner.
The Senator from Ohio instead of seeing two
bills only saw one. It was just exactly the
opposite. The Senator from Ohio was so sober
that he could only see one bill. He was not
in the condition of " Charlie'' by any manner of
means, and he could not understand the count
of thirty-eight Senators when there were but
twenty-eight. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I judge that the Senator
from .Ohio was mistaken on the count, as it
appears from the vote taken after that that
there were more than thirty-eight Senators
present. It only proves that the Democratic
party are still very far from being in the full
possession of their perceptive faculties. They
illustrated that, I think, by the protracted dis-
cussions on Friday evening; and it seems it
was very difficult for them to perceive these
amendments. I think that is very well illus-
trated in this little rhyme.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think when tha Senator
is not able to count he is too far gone to be
able to judge of the condition of any Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was a
motion to correct the Journal, but it Is now
withdrawn. :
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
regularly before the Senate, unless the Senator
from Maine yields for morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will yield for
a few minutes to allow morning business to be
presented.
postal statistics.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a report of the Postmaster
General, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 19th instant calling for various
postal statistical information. The Postmaster
General sends a variety of public documents
which are already in print. The letter is of
some length, and if there be no objection it
will be referred, with the accompanying papers,
to the. Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and the letter will be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask, then, that it lie on
the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It-will lie on tho
table for the present.
sort ripley bksbrvation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following report of the Secretary
of War:
War Dkpaht*bnt.
■Washington, May 20,1870.
The Secretary of War has the honor to report, to
the Senate of ttaUnited States, in compliance with
the resolution  f January 10,1870, that until a new
military post shall be established further to the
north the Fort Ripley military reservation, wi th ltt
existing facilities for quartering and supplying a
garrison, will be required for the protection ot set-
tlers against Indians, and oannot be wholly reim-
Suished without detriment to the public interests.
tut it is recommended that all that portion of the
reservation lying east of the Mississippi river, ex-
