2760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
pig iron does not exceed from_$24 to $2G per
ton; and he shows that, according to the state-
ment of the cost of the production By the man-
ufacturers of Pennsylvania themselves, a duty
of $3 is ample protection to them. He has
gone into this investigation in all the different
States of the Union, and shows the cost in the
various localities. Sir, there are 300,000 men
in this country engaged secondarily in the man-
ufacture of iron, every one of them interested
in the reduction of this enormous and iniqui-
■ loastaxupon pig iron; and there are 14,000,000
agriculturists in this country, every one of them
directly interested in the redaction of this tax.
It is a prohibitory duty; it is a duty that yields
scarcely any revenue to the Government; it is
a duty which is an imposition upon the people
of this country.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] boasted upon this floor that Penn-
sylvania was the keystone of the Federal
arch. Let me say, sir, right here that Penn-
sylvania to-day is the keystone in the arch of
this unjust tariff system, and that it is the duty
of every'Representative upon this floor to dis-
place that keystone, to do all that can be done
to break up this iniquitous system of unjust
legislation which is taxing the many for the
benefit of the Few.
Sir, I represent a district as largely com-
posed of farmers as any represented on this
floor, and I know their intere'sts. I know what
bounties they have to pay upon the different
forms of manufactured iron for the purpose of
euriching a few iron manufacturers, and not
for the purpose of raising revenue.
Sir, a tariff law is a tax law, and its provis-
ions should be so adjusted as to raise revenue,
and not for the purpose of putting bounties in
the pockets of a few capitalists in this country.
Sir, it is estimated that the American people
to-dav, on the different forms of manufactured
iroii,pay$40,000,000 in the sha'poof enhanced
prices ; and the time has come when nine men
out of every ten who have investigated this
question and read the reports of Commissioner
Wells have come to the conclusion that a re-
duction of this tax is imperatively demanded
by every consideration of justice and right.
Mr. KELLEY. In nothing, sir, is the utter
want of veracity, the utter want of faith to his
country, the entire willingness to betray the
interests of this country and to build up those
of England at her expense; in nothing, sir, are
these qualities in the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue, David A. Wells, more fully dis-
closed than in this matter of pig iron. Against
the testimony of hundreds of men he predicates
a report upon the advertisement of a man
named Waterhouse, in Missouri, who was ex-
aggerating the value of lands for sale and lying
about their productions; in the face of the
testimony, I say, of hundreds of men, this
British agent in the American service predi-
cated his report upon that advertisement ; and
in nothing, I repeat, did he better disclose his
treason, his want of veracity, than in that.
This is pretty strong language, but most abun-
dantly sustained by the facts of the case. _
Sir, what has been the duty on pig iron?
Under the tariff of 1842 it was $9 a ton ; under
that of 1846—the free-trade tariff—it was left
at 30 per cent., or the equivalent of $0 per
ton; under the more entirely free-trade tariff
of 1857, which suspended immigration into the
country and brought us to general bankruptcy,
it was reduced to 24 per cent.; under the tariff
of July 14,1SG2, it was raised to $6 a ton, and
raider that of June 30,1864, to $9 a ton, where
it stands. All this time old; scrap iron was
counted as pig iron. Now scrap iron comes
in at a lower rate of duty, so that the duty is
lower than it was under the tariff of 1842, or
that of 1846. While the Committee of Ways
and Means have reported in favor of a reduc-
tion to $7 a ton, which, in my judgment, is a
mistake, gentlemen seek to reduce it to $3 a
ton ; and gentlemen from Illinois and Missouri
ask it  
Mr. BOYD. Will the gentleman allow me.
to ask him one question?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; not in a five-min-
utes speech. Missouri, more abounding in iron
than any other State in the Union, and with
coal and limestone lying in close proximity;
Missouri, wanting a market for her corn, Tier
oats, her wheat, comes here and asks that you
shall foreclose that market by preventing the*
working of her coal, her iron, or her limestone;
and Illinois, suffering for a market for her corn,
rises to seccmd the motion! What constitutes
a ton of iron? There is in it not only the coal
and limestone and the ore; there is the food of
the mules and oxen and horses that haul them
and haul the manufactured article. Seventy
per cent, of it is wheat and corn and wool.
And yet two gentlemen, whose constituents are
suffering for the want of a market, come here
and say that it is better the iron they use should
embody the food and the wheat of the Danube
and the wool of the shoddy-mills of England
than that it should embody American grain and
American wool. Close the iron mines of thia
country, as the gentleman's motion would do,
and they would burn not only their corn but
theirwheatin Illinoisandin Missouri. Itwould
not pay transportation to the nearest market..
It is a Wow at the farmer, and not at the cap-
italists of the country, but at the farmers of
the West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has expired.
Mr. COX. I move to amend so as to make
the amount of duty $4 per ton. I do not pro-
pose to defend the Iiepublican Special Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. He can take care
of himself, and especially with reference to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kklley.J
He has already done it, and has answered all that
sort of talk. Nor do I propose to show what
pig iron can be made for, because that is
entirely irrelevant to the course of my argu-
ment. I propose to show just what the ad valo-
rem duty upon this specific article is, by a mode
of calculation which I pursued in my former
remarks, wherein I made one error; that is,
in not calculating the cost of importation at
more than 6 percent, when it should have been 20
per cent. We all know that it is a great desid-
eratum to have cheap iron of all kinds. The
old philosophy, says Macaulay, sighed for the
golden age "when the human raco lived in
caves and were clad iu skins." The new phi-
losophy has ushered in the iron age when the in-
vention or improvement of a plow, ship, or mill
is not regarded as an insult to philosophy; but
evidence of utility, comfort, and progress. This
new philosophy is so far neutralized when iron
is made dear. True economy would make it
abundant and cheap. It enters into everything
connected with our new civilization—the print-
ing-press, the bridge, clothing, food, warmth,
roads, vessels, houses. It is almost a sentient
being. It thinks as well as works.
In my former remarks I was about to show
the effect of our protective tariff in making iron
dear. I was cutoff at the end of my hour ; I was
made an exception by the objection of a gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Giuillax. ]
1 now desire to show by computations which
cannot be disputed, and which have not been
answered, that there is now to-day a tax on
pig iron of 122 per cent., and still there is a
clamor for more. In my former remarks I
made a calculation showing the cost of import-
ing pig iron and the bounty which the home
manufacturer actually receives from the dif-
ference of exchange, duty reckoned in our cur-
rency at $1 12 per dollar iu American gold,
including freight, &c., and 10 per cent, profit
for the importers, at which point the foreign
article comes in competition with the similar
product of home manufacture. In that calcu-
lation, as I have already said, I did not allow
enough for the cost of importation, in conse-
quence of the heavy character of the article.
Twenty per cent, would be nearer the actual
cost than six per cent., and even, that percent-
age would fall far below the actual freight.
I have-prepared tables showing the cost of'
importing pig iron and the protection v?hiel>
the home manufacturer actually receives from
the present' duty onpig iron, by wljicjj it will-
appear tjiat'the amount imported.- Ht.1868 was
11"2,345JJ- tons, costing in the markets whence
imported $1,837,911 the exchange at 21 per
per cent."—12 for gold.and 9 for exchange—
amounts to $385,961;' duty, 55 per cent, ad
valorem in gold, 01 in paper,, 121,125; cost
of importation,' estimated at'20 per cent.,
$367,582, and importer's profit, at lOper cent.,
$371,257 ; making a total of $4,083,836 as the
cost of the pig iron imported in 1868. Now,
deduct from that, the cost of the iron at the
markets whende imported, $1,837,911, and you
have left $2,245,925, or 122 per cent., which
is the amount of borms paid to those who
are mongering in this business, who- have their
agents here, not " British "agents/' but men
utterly selfish, regardless of nationality and of
everybody's pocket but their own.
I have also prepared tables, showing the
same in regard to other kinds of iron and sev-
eral other articles, which I will append to my
remarks. N o wonder gentlemen do not venture
into any extended debate upon this question.
Their position will not bear debate. These
gentlemen who are getting 122 per cent, profit
are very anxious to dodge the main question.
They make all sorts of exhibits as to the cost
of manufacturing pig iron. That is not the way
to meet this question. On our side we give facts
as to the exchange, cost of importation, and
the custom-house charges, in addition to the
tariff duty, and we show how this species of
partial legislation puts money into the pockets
of these manufacturers. I append to my re-
marks a table exhibiting these items; but I
also beg leave to submit a table showing how
the Government on some nine articles, includ-
ing iron, cotton manufactures, woolen manufac-
tures, ready-made clothing, salt, leather, coal,
and India-rubber manufactures, receives in
duties about $41,211,000, while the peopleare
obliged to pay out of their pockets §852,000,-
000 which does not go into the Treasury. It
is upon this point that the fight is coming, and
upon this we are anxious to meet gentlemen
on the other side. The following is one of the
tables I have referred to:
cost o  im:poets. etc.
1.—Pig iron—corrected estimate.
Whole importation, 112,34511-20 tons.
Cost in markets whence imported  $1,837,911
Jixcbangc, at 21 per cent ..  335,961
Duty, 55 per cent, ad valorem in grold=bl
per cent, in paper  1,121,125
Cost of importation, estimated at 20 per
cont     .. ..  307,582
Importers' profits, 10 per cent  371,237
4,053,835
Deduct eost in markets whenco imported, 1,837,1)11
Cost of importation, including all
charges    62,245,023
Or 122 per ccnt. on the original cost.
2.—Bar iron, paying ci specific duty of 1 cent per pound.
Cost in England  $2,505,471
Exchange, at 21 per cent    520,1b
Duty, 40}- per cent, ad valorem in gold=52
per cent, in paper  1,302,83i
Cost of importation, 20 per cent  501 U'Ji
Importers' prohts, 10 per cent  4^3,554
Total cost, incltiding all charge^  5,319,101
Deducteost inmarkefcswhence imported, 2,505,471
Cost of importation, including exchange,
freight duty, acid all charges  $2,813,030
Or 112 per cent, on the original cost.
3.—Bar iron,paying a specific duty of 11- cent per pound.
Cost in markets whence imported  §227,003
Exchange, at 21 per ccnt  -17,8-isi
Duty, 07 per ccnt. ad valorem in gold=75
per cent, m paper  170,SSI
Cost of importation, at 20 per cent  45.520
Importers' profits, 10 per cont    40,1:55
. 5-11, (S3
Deduct cost in the markets alienee im-
ported    227,603
Cost of importation, including erchange,
«£c      $314,135
Or lift per ccnt. on tho original cost.
