8704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
eopt suoh tract as the Secretary of War shall desig-
nate and set apart as a hay reserve, be restored by
law to the body of the publio lands and opened to
settlement.  
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretarv-of War.
The report was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Federal City Division No. 2, Sonfc
of Temperance, Washington city, in favor of the
passage of the bill for the suppression of drink-
ing-houses and tippling-shops, and to regulate
the sale of intoxicating liquors in the District
of Columbia; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William S. Thompson, of Highland county,
Virginia; of Michael Casler, of Rockingham
county, Virginia; of Bolcr Cocke, of Campbell
county, Virginia; of James Steele and Jackson
Knapp, of Rockingham county, Virginia; of
Richard M. Graves, of Charles City county, Vir-
ginia, and of W. C. Nunn, of King and Queen
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Samuel
Field, Charles M. Half, and C. T. Harris, of
Jonesvilie, Lee county, Virginia; in favor of the
removal of the political disabilities imposed on
Sanders H. Levacy; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
Theodore Adams, praying an appropriation for
the payment of the judgment of the Court of
Claims rendered by that; court in his favor on
the 18th of March, 1867; which was referred
to the Committee on QUims;
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of W. J.
Holderby, of Rockingham county, North Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions of
S. G. Tomlinson, of Hopkins county, Texas;
of James H. Torbett, of McLennan county^
Texas; ofP. M. Rogersand J. B. Anderson, of
Hopkins county, Texas; of Charles B. Pearres,
of McLennan county, Texas; and of John*J.
Cary, of Rusk County, Texas, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities; which were
referred to the selectCommittee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Rob-
ert Baldwin, praying compensation for carry-
ingthe mail between Louisville, Kentucky, and
St. Louis, Missouri, under a contract with the
postmaster at Louisville in 1835; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Joseph
Holman and others, a committee of surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, praying that a
pension be granted to the soldiers of that war;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of R. Bald-
win, praying to be compensated for carrying a
semi-weekly mail from Louisville, Kentucky,
to St. Louis, Missouri, for twelve months,
which service was contracted for between the
firm of Robert Baldwin, jr., tc Co., of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, of which be represents that
he was a member, and the postmaster of that
city, who had authority from the Department
at Washington to con tract with the firm; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a me-
morial of delegates of the Cherokee, Creek,
and Choctaw nations of Indians, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill (S. No. 679)
to organize the territory of Oklahoma, con-
solidate the Indian tribes under a territorial
SPDvernment, and carry out the provisions of
the treaties of 1866 with certain Indian tribes;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of
James Crutchett and other citizens of Wash-
ington city, praying that, the paving of certain
streets and avenues leading from the Capitol
ipay be stopped until the Capitol grounds ex-
tension has been decided on as to extent and
the grades properly fixed by officers of the
War Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petitions of Ash-
ford Addison, of Tangipohoe parish, Louisi-
ana ; of James K. Whitfield, James W. McDon-
ald, John W. Dodd, and James D. Harper, of
Claiborne parish, Louisiana; and of Felix
Lewis, of Bienville parish, Louisiana, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS presented thepetition of Eleanor
M. Anderson, of Madison county, Kentucky,
praying compensation for services rendered to
the United States by her husband during the
late war; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of George
Little, jr., of Littleton, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
William Hovey and A. J. Hovey, his wife,
heirs of Richard M. Bouton, deceased, and
Marvin <P. Fisher, John C. Fisher, A. H.
Fisher, Charles A. Taylor, and Mary E. Tay-
lor, his wife, heirs and legal representatives
of the estate of Harriet F. Fisher, deceased,
praying compensation for the use by the Gov-
ernmentofthe machine called the "percussion-
cap charging machinewhich was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petitions
of Louis George, of Little Rook, Arkansas, and
of R. M. Johnson, of Fort Smith, Arkansas,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee- on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Obadiah B. Latham and Oliver 3. Latham,
praying to be compensated for money and labor
actually expended by them in the construction
of the post office and custom-house building
at Buffalo, New York,'and the erection of a
custom-house at Oswego, New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tbe Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 539) granting to the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 Railroad Company, a continua-
tion of its franchise and right of way through
the Territories of the United States, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 712) granting lands and the right of
way to aid in the construction of the New Or-
leans and Northeastern railroad, reported it
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Comjnittee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 188) to
furnish medals to certain Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts soldiers, to report it back, and
I ask the Senate to allow me to put it on its
passage immediately. I believe it will lead to
no discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, db«.. That the President of the United
States be, ana he tb hereby, authorized andrequested
. to procure a silver medal, with suitable devices, to be
presented as a testimonial of the nation's gratitude
to each of the surviving officers and soldiers, and the
families of such as may be dead, of the five companies
from Pennsylvania, namely: the Pottsville National
Light Infantry, the Pottsville Washington Artillery,
the Reading Ringgold Artillery, the Lewistown Lo-
gan Guard, and the Allentown Allen Infantry, who
were the first troop3 to reach Washington city for itj
defense upon the 18th dny of April, 18U1, and to each of
the surviving officers and men, and the families of
such as may be dead, of thesixtb regiment ot Massa-
chusetts volunteers, who wero the next to nrme at
Washington, upon the 19th day of April, 1861, in re-
sponse to tho call of President Lincoln, dated April
15, 1861.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the sum of
$2,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purposo of carrying the foregoing
resolution into effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration ?
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDEN f. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying that a pension
may be allowed to Franz Schurman, sergeant
major of the seventy-fourth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, have had the same under con-
sideration, and instructed me to report it back,
and ask that the Committee on Pensions be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it 'oe referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. It is not properly a subject for
a pension, but may be for military bounty.
The report was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT OP 1868.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for printing additional copies of
the agricultural report of 18G8, to report it
back with an amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, tbe Senate proceeded
to consider the concurrent resolution.
The amendments of the Committee on Print-
ing were, before the word " House," in each
case where it occurs in the resolution, to insert
" Senate and of the;" so as to make tbe reso-
lution read:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the agricultural report of 186& such an
additional extra number as will be required to piivet
the members of the Senate and of the House from
those States not represented in the Fortieth Congress
the same number a3 Were assigned to the members
of the Senate and of the House from such States as.
are now so represented.
The amendments were agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was concurred in.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1869.
Mr. ANTHONY. The agricultural report
for 1869 was presented by the Chair the other
day and referred to the Committee on Printing.
I move that the report be printed, leaving for
future consideration the question of printing
additional copies, for as the report can now be
printed and it is to be stereotyped it will be a
convenience to the office to go on with it at
once.
The motion to print was agreed to,
HANNIBAL AND ST. JOSEPH RAILROAD.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, directed to rei>ort to the Senate the
action, so far as the same appears upon the files and
records of tho Department of the Interior, ot the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri,
under the thirteenth section of the act entitled " An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from tbe 'Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1,1862; and that the said Secretary
submit with bis report copies of any and all instru-
ments of writing on file in the Department purport-
ing to be an assignmentof thefranchise contained iu
the said thirteenth section to any other railroad com-
pany, and if the St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company has filed a map of its line of road to a con-
nection with the Union Pacific railroad, that he
nccompany bis report with a map of Kansas and
Nebraska, with the line of said St. Joseph and Denver
City road traced thereon,and also with a copy of the
order of withdrawal of the land from settlement
granted by the act of Congress of July 23, lWti, m a««
thereof.
