5592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD BRIDGE OVER OHIO RIVER.
Mr. CREBS. lask^ unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 287)
authorizing the building of a railroad bridge
over the Ohio river at Metropolis City, Illinois.
The joint resolution was read for inform-
ation.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is this a House bill?
Mr. CREBS. It is a unanimous report of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
Mr. CREBS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended so as to put the joint resolution upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to suspend the rules at this lime.
Mr. CREBS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. SHANKS. I want to know how many-
more bridges are to be built over this river to
obstruct its navigation.
Mr. CREBS. This bridge will be four hun-
dred feet wide.
Mr. SHANKS. Already commerce is em-
barrassed by bridges. I insist ou' the objec-
tion.
ANTHRACITE RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee on
Railways and Canals be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (IT. R. No.
341) to incorporate the Government Anthra-
cite Railroad Company, and to have it made a
special order for the second Wednesday of
December next.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States be directed to report to Congress at its
next session the proceedings of the boards of com-
missioners under the several treaties made and
entered into between Mexico and the United States,
namely, April 11,1839; November 20, 1813, and 2d
of February, 1848. Also, tho proceedings of the com-
missioners of the said boards under the said treaties
in the cases of the Union Land Company, the Trinity
Land Company, G. L. Thompson, and others; also
tho testimony supporting said claims, together with
a copy of the minutes, with tho opinions of tho
commissioners and the awards made tiioroon.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to that without
some explanation.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will state that it is simply
a request on the part of an old gentleman who
has been waiting here for years, and all he asks
is the removal of these papers. There can be
no objection to it.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WELKER. There may be some rea-
son why these papers ought not to be made
public. I object, unless some further reason
be given for the adoption of the resolution.
GEORGE CIIORPENNING.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask unanimous consent
to put upon its passage a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to adjust
the accounts of George Chorpenning.
Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion until the order of the House
in regard to business on the Speaker's table
has been disposed of.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, ETC., IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures a bill (H. R. No. 1898) to provide
for inventories and accounts of the property
of the United States in the public buildings
and grounds belonging to the United States in
the District of Columbia.
There is no law now providing for any in-
ventories or accounts of the large amount of
furniture and other personal property in the
Departments, buildings, and public grounds
in the District of Columbia. The bill simply
provides for the taking of such inventories and
keeping accounts by the heads of Departments.
This is a matter of some importance and there
can be no objection to the passage of the bill.
The bill was read for information. The first
section of the bill makes it the duty of theSec-
retary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Adjutant General, and
the Commissioner of Agriculture, each sever-
ally, as soon as practicable, to make a full and
complete inventory of all of the property belong-
ingto the United States in thebuildings, rooms,
offices, and grounds occupied by each of them,
and under their charge, and hereafter to keep
in proper books such inventories and accounts,
adding thereto an account of such property as
may be procured subsequently to the taking of
the same; and also an account of the sale or
disposal of any of such property. The second
section provides that the architect of the Cap-
itol extension shall make out an inventory,
and keep a like account thereof, as provided
in section one of this act, of all property in
and about the Capitol and Botanic Garden,
and the President's House and grounds. The
third section provides that it shall be the duty
of the officers hereinbefore required to make
and keep such inventories and accounts, to
make out an annual report thereof on the 1st
day of December to Congress ; provided that
this law shall not apply to the books, pam-
phlets, papers, and documents in the Library
of Congress, nor to the supplies of stationery
and fuel in the several public offices and build-
ings, which shall be accounted for as now pro-
vided by law.
No objection was made, and the report was
received.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS 01? CONGRESS OFFICIALS.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with amendments, House bill No.
1300, to provide for the accounts and reports
of the receipts and expenditures of the Secre-
tary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives of tho United States, and
for other purposes.
The bill, as proposed to be amended, was
read. The first section provides that it shall
be the duty of the Secretary ofthe Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives of
the United States, severally, to report to Con-
gress on the first day of each regular session,
and at the expiration of their terms of service,
a full and complete statement of all their re-
ceipts and expenditures, as such officers, show-
ing in detail the items of expense, and class-
ifying them under the proper appropriations,
showing the aggregate thereof, and exhibiting
in a clear and concise manner the exact con-
dition of all public moneys by them received,
paid out, and in their possession as such officers.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the officers hereinbefore named,
and of the Sergeants-at-Arms, Postmasters of
the Senate and House of Representatives, and
the Doorkeeper of the House of Representa-
tives, to make out a full and complete account
of all the property belonging to the United
States in their possession, at such dates and at
the expiration of their terms of service, as pro-
vided in section one of this act.
The amendments were agreed to ; and Ihe
bill, as amended, ordered lobe engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CANADIAN NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 372)
to permit the Secretary of the Treasury to allow
certain boats to carry passengers and their bag-
gage between ports on Lake Ontario j which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The jointresolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to allow the
steamboats of the Canadian Navigation Com-
pany, bniltin the United States and now owned
lay that company, to carry passengers and their
baggage between Rochester and Oswego and
other American ports on the north shore of
Lake Ontario, subject to such regulatio-ns as he
may establish.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I have a letter here
from the Secretary of the Treasury stating that
this joint resolution is proper.
Tiie letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
was as follows :
Treasury Depaetmest,
Office of the Xekasuiiv, July 8,1870.
Sir: Your communication of the Gth instant, stilt-
ing the circumstance that the only boats adapted
to transportation of passengers upon Lake Ontario
between .Rochester and Oswego are now owned by n
Canadian company, is received. Xou askmewhether
thero is any objection to such an alteration of tho
law as will permit those boats to carry passengers
with their baggage.
If limited to those ports, or to the ports on Lake
Ontario, where the circumstances are peculiar. I
think the law might properly be altered so as to
allow tho vessels of this company now built to en-
gage in the passenger trado.
Very respectfully,
GEOBGE S. BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
lion. John C. CriFRcniXT., Ilouie of Representatives,
Washington, District of Columbia.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered,
by unanimous consent, that business on the
Speaker's table shall now be considered in its
order; the bills, &c., to which there is no
objection to be passed or referred.
LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to a bill
(II. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the Clarks-
vilie, Arkansas, land district, and the estab-
lishment of an additional land district in that
State.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the word "lluutsville" and to insert in
lieu the word "Harrison."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope that
amendment will be concurred in. It merely
changes the location of the office.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
J. IS. CLARKE AND ,T. T. PEABODY.
The next business on the Speaker's tabic
was the amendments of the Senate to a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 196) for the relief of
J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and legal
representatives of JohnT. Peabody, deceased.
Mr. ALLISON. Let the joint resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of ยง7,451 06 to J. Edwards
Clarke, late marshal of the United States pro-
vincial court of the State of Louisiana; and
the sum of $3,980 0 1 to the heirs and legal
representatives of John T. Peabody. deceased,
lale clerk of said court, in full satisfaction for
