4648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Maine? The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
absentees be called.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. NYE. I hope the absentees may be
called.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion is- not debat-
able. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. NYE. I want to say a word. I have
made all the opposition to this measure that I
knew how to make, and I am beaten. Now I
want to see a vote ttiken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot get it; there
is no quorum here.
Mr. NYE. The particular friends of this
"reform" are not here, or very few of them.
They make us sit here till midnight, while they
go home at bed-time, and go to bed and dream
about this great reform. They make ua sit
here till midnight, and then it turns out that
we cannot get a vote. I only want it under-
stood by the country that the friends of the
measure are sleeping.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not do.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I want it
understood  -
Mr. SUMNER. I call the Senator from
Maine to order. My motion is not debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator state his
. point of order?
Mr. SUMNER. The point is that I have
made a motion to adjourn, which is not debat-
able.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I want the attention of the
Chair. The Senator from Massachusetts moved
an adjournment and yielded the floor to the
Senator from Nevada, who proceeded to speak.
The Senator from Massachusetts can yield the
floor in no conditional way. If he yields at
all it is an absolute yielding. I rose and
addressed the Chair after the Senator from
Nevada concluded, and was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that I yielded.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator did yield, and
the Senator from Nevada addressed the Sen-
ate ; that is a fact.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not yield ; that is a
mistake.
Mr. NYE. I guess I gouged in. [Laughter.]
'Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the Senator from Massachu-
setts moved an adjournment, and then the
debate went on by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine will state his point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rose and made
a motion that the absentees should be called.
Thereupon the Senator from Massachusetts,
while I was on the floor, undertakes to move
an adjournment. I submit that that is not in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move that the absentees be called on
a vote after the result of the vote is announced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. While I was on
the floor making a motion the Senator from
Massachusetts interposed a motion to adjourn.
1 submit that is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, what is
before the Senate now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My motion to
call the absentees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator made
his motion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want the coun-
try to understand what the Senate is doing.
Gentlemen stay here whenever there is a ques-
tion before the Senate affecting a private cor-
poration ; but when an appropriation hill corns?
up they feel at liberty to leave the Senate of
the United States without a quorum to transact
the public business. Th^t js \vhat j want the
country to understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate do now
adjourn. That is the question before the Sen-
ate. The debate has been proceeded with by
unanimous consent.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 19.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I renew my
motion that the names of the absentees be
called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move a call of the Senate, or a call
of the absentees ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move a call
of the absentees, of those not voting.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply wish to inquire
what is the advantage and what is to be the
result of calling the absentees now, with ref-
erence to a vote which has been taken and
declared?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We want a quo-
rum. That is the object.
_ Mr. DRAKE. Then I suppose the propo-
sition is not to call the absentees but to call
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri makes a point of order that it
is in order to call the Semite, but not in order
to call the absentees after the vote has been
announced. The motion of the Senator from
Maine is that there be a call of the Senate.
The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk called the roll; and the fol-
lowing Senators answered to their names:
Messrs. Horemn.n. Buokinsbum, Chandler, Cole.
Con klhig,Drake, I'enton, Koivler. Hamilton ot Texas,
llamlin. Hai lan. Howell, McCreery.McDonald, Mor-
lill of Maine, Nye. O.-born, Ponicr.iy, Pool, ltum-
sey, ltiee, Itobertson, ltoss, Sawyer, tjcolt, Spencer,
Siu-iigue, Stewart. Sumner.'icmubull, Victors, War"-
lier, W'illey, Williams, and Wilson.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to notify the absentees
and request their attendance.
Air. DRAKE. What number is present?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resuU will
be announced, after which the motion of the
Senator from Nevada will be in order. Thirty-
five Senators have answered to their names.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn. Is not a motion to adjourn in
order now?
Mr. STEWART. I was on the floor. I
move that tho Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to notify absentees and request their attend-
ance.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not my motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to adjourn is always in order when the roll is
not being called.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms bo directed to aotify the absentees
and request their attendance.
Mr. FOWLER. Is that question debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair;
is anything debatable when there is not a quo-
rum ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is on send-
ing for absentees.
The PRESIDING pFFICER. It being
ascertained that there is no quorum, no busi-
ness can be doneuntil the presence of a quorum
is developed.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand this motion
is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to si question of
ord.er. Is it  pt true that less thas> a quoju 
can aqjj.ourn, aijd can also take proceedings to
compel the attendance of other maker's; apej
if so, can they not consifjer and deij^fe tjie
propriety of compelling the attendance of other
members? I know very well what thf-rule is
in the House of Representatives, and'I think
I know what'the constitutional rule is; and I
ask the Chair whether he means to hold that
less than a quorum is deprived either of the
privilege of adjourning or of considering the
propriety of compelling the attendance of
other members?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Less than a
quorum can adjourn. Any number of Senators
can adjourn. That question is not debatable.
When a motion to call the Senate is made,
after it has been announced that there is no
quorum present, the question is usually put
without debate; such are the precedents; but
there is no rule on the subject.
Mr. IIAMLIN. J have heard it debated here
time after time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will allow debate. There is no rule against it.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a word to say in
regard to that. Here, Mr. President, is an
appropriation bill which proposes to expend
$2(i,000,000. We are here laboring oyer this
bill without a quorum of the Senate. I sub-
mit to tho wisdom and the conscience of this
body whether it is proper under the circum-
stances, and in view of the proposition which
is sought, to be placed upon this appropriation
bill, to be deliberating over it under the cir-
cumstances. I think it would be much better
thiit we should appoint an hour to morrow.
Mr. COLE. Say three o'clock.
Mr. FO W LER. Two, or three, or any other
hour, I care not what, so that we can vote
upon this appropriation bill. It is now too
late; wecannotcQnsider the propositions prop-
erly. I am very much opposed to the propo-
sition which is sought to" be vied on this bill;
opposed to putting it on the bill; opposed to
it in every form and feature ; but it in a full
Senate the body is willing to adopt the propo-
sition, I shall submit to it. I am willing.to do
that, but I want to see it submitted tp a full
Senate where there are proper opportunities
presented for all to consider the question fairly.
It is loo late now; we are anxious to gethome,
and 1 submit that no man here, I do not care
what he is, is competent to givo a fair, cool,
and deliberate judgment on such aquestionas
we have before us at the present time. I
therefore hope the Senate will adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Will the Senator give me
one moment? I will renew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want simply to say this:
after wo had gotten through with the railroad
bill which was specially assigned for this even-
ing, we saw Senators get up and go away from
here, and in very large numbers. I had my
own hat in my hand going out of the door. I
ask if it is not fair to presume that Senators
did not suppose there would be any other busi-
ness acted upon here to-night?
Mr. SUMNER. That was the idea.
Mr. HAMLIN. Everybody thought so.
With that fact before us, and with a quorum
here, I want to submit another proposition a
little different from what I did before, I ask
that we agree to take the vote on this question
to-morrow, after the Senator suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts shall have spoken
as long as he pleases. When that Senator
shall have concluded, then let us take the vote.
Thatdoes not limit anybody. I ask if we may
not agree to that unanimously ?
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The propo-
sition made by the Senator from Maine is that
