1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
005
It is a great nuisance and annoyance. I move
that these petitions be referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented two petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Eoads.
He also presented a petition of Thomas M.
Hunley, of Virginia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
George W. Tarlton, praying to be compensated
for certain property sold by order of the United
States district court for the northern district
of New York j which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petitions of Robert
Givens and William Freeman, of Alabama,
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed pensions; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of W.
R. Staples, John F. Wall, and Alexander P.
Eskridge, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from their political disabilities; which were
referred to the Select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCHUBZ. I present a memorial, signed
by several citizens of Missouri, asking that such
action be taken in conferring rank on staff
officers of the Navy as will enable them to fill
their now depleted corps with such talent as
the service demands, that the efficiency of our
Navy may be thus fully insured. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ also presented a petition of
citizens of New Madrid, Missouri, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Ferdinand
Simon, of San Antonio, Texas, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the Select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying such a change in the
Constitution of the United States as will recog-
nize Almighty God as the supreme authority
in all civil government; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio, praying that the
Secretary of War be authorized to provide for
the taking of meteorological observations in the
interior, and also praying the exemption from
duty of all materials used in ship-building;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of lied Wing, Minnesota, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of East. Randolph, New York, praying
the nbolilion of the franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented tbe petition of Harmon E.
Wentworth, late second lieutenant, fourteenth
New York artillery, praying Congress to pass
a bill for his relief, allowing him the full pay
and emoluments of a second lieutenant of
heavy artillery from the 7th day of June, 1864,
to lhe 16th day of April, 1865 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial ot A. J.
Richardson, of New York, praying that the
Court of Claims be authorized to rehear the
cause in the matter of his claim for compensa-
tion for the use of the steamer Niagara by the
Government of the United States, chartered
by Cornelius Vanderbilt. e.-*q., on tbe 27th day
of November, 1862; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition ef citizens
of Parryville, Carbon county, Pennsylvania,
against a reduction of the present rate of duty
upon pig-iron; which was referred to tbe Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Hartsville, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition
of citizens of Guilford, Connecticut, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Carroll City, Carroll county, Iowa,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Boston, Massachusetts, asking that
such action be taken in conferring rank on
" staff officers" as will enable them to fill their
now depleted corps with such talent as the
service demands, that the efficiency of our
Navy may be thus fully insured; which was
referred to tho Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
of citizens of Scituate, in Massachusetts, and
another petition of citizens of East Weymouth,
Massachusetts, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. These are tbe first petitions of
this kind that I have presented, and I take the
occasion to remark that while personally I
shall be very glad to be relieved of the burden
of franking, which is here entitled a privilege,
I must confess that in my opinion many of the
arguments that I have heard against it are
pushed too far. I think there is, if I may so
call it, an extravagance of opposition. 1 move
the reference of these petitions to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citizens
of Troy, New Hampshire, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of J. R.
Verdier and others, citizens of Beaufort, South
Carolina, praying for the restoration of lands
in South Carolina sold under act of Congress
of the 7th of June, 1862 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition of
C. C. Johnson, of Richmond, Virginia, praying
to be relieved of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions of
It. M. Bentley, of Loudoun county, Virginia;
Ellicott M. Braxton, of Fredericksburg, Vir-
ginia ; and William IT. Harrison and Edmund
iind John H. Harrison, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
' Political Disabilities.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present the
memorial and petition of the Ladies" Seamen's
Friend Society, and their board of counsel and
others, of the city of San Francisco, with an
accompanying bill, desiring some regulation
as to seamen, and to free them from shipping
masters and landlordism. It is a matter of
considerable importance, and I desire to have
it referred, with the accompanying bill, to the
Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
PAl'ERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
Rose, on the files of the Senate.be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
X. Wiggins be taken lrom tho files of the Senate and
rcfetied to Ihe Comma Ue on Chiirns.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of It. P.
Parrott be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of tbe United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 92) in
addition to the act entitled'1 An act to incorpo-
rate the Washington, Alexandria, and George-
town Steam Packet Company."
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 390) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph from
Portland to Astoria and McMinnville, in tho
State of Oregon, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to take charge of the Gettysburg
and Antietam national cemeteries, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 87)
granting the use of the storehouses in Judi-
ciary Square to theWomen's Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and
foreign countries, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 850) to provide
for the adjustment and satisfaction of claims
of American citizens for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the 31st day of July,
1801, reported it without amendment and sub-
mitted a report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 362) regulating descents in tbe Territory
of Utah, reported it without amendment.
TOTOMAO INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 383) to renew and continue in force
the charter of the Potomac Insurance Com-
pany of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
have instructed me to report it back favorably
without amendment; and as it simply fextends
the charter of an old fire insurance company
that has existed since 1831 I ask that it may
be put upon its passage. It will not feke over
five minutes, I presume.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho bill. It provides that the act entitled
"An act to incorporate a fire insurance com-
pany in Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia," approved March 2, 1831, and the aet en-
titled ''An act to amend the ^charter of the
Potomac Insurance Company of Georgetown,"
approved the 3d of March, 1837, and the act
entitled "An act to renew and continue in
force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Compauy of Georgetown," approved the 27th
of January, 1851, be reenacted and extended
from the date of the expiration of the last-
mentioned act until the repeal of this act.
The bill also proposes to amend so much of
section eight of the original charter as restricts
the company to having its office in Georgetown,
District of Columbia, so as to permit the e°!"'
pany to remove its place of business to Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, if it so elects.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
pose any objection} but I beg my honorable
friend to give us an explanation, that we nifty
understand it. I observe that three acls which
