1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8705
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. THAYER also submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
fietolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
request*! to communicate to the SenAte the report
of the five cititens sent oat in August last to make
an cxarain a tion and report upon the final completion
of tho Pacific railroad.
WATER SUPPLY OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
lleDohtd, That the Seoretaryof War be directed to
inform the Senate whethor there is not an unneces-
sary waste of tho water of the W ashington aqueduct:
whether any portion of the water is used for running
machinery, or why it is that there is a failure of
water during tho day in the more elevated parts of
the city: also, what regulationsorimorovementsaro
accessary to afford an adequate supply of water to
the inhabitants of Washington.
MKSSAGB FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1928) to incorporate the
American Union Academy of Literature,
Science, and Art;
A bill (H. It. No. 2005) exempting from
taxes certain property in the District of Co-
lumbia, and to amend the act to provide for
{he creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law;
A bill (H. R. No. 2065) to farther ameqd
the law of the DistWfcr. of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings, and preserve records
of marriages therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 2067) directing the Sec-
retary of State to cause to be brought home
and interred the remains of Generals Asboth
and Steadman, who died'iu the service of the
United States abroad;
A bill (H. R. No. 2080) to exempt vessels
and Canal boats engaged in the internal and
coastwise navigation of the United States and
in the fisheries from the payment of tonnage
dues; and
A joint resolution (H. R., No. 251) atrthor-
feingSurgeon George B. Cooper, of the United
States Army, to.accept a gift from the Gov-
ernment of France in acknowledgment of ser-
vices rendered.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bill and joint
resolution, with an amendment to each; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 76) concerning divorces in the
District of Colnmbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to pro-
vide for the appointment of an examiner of
claims for the Department of State, and for
additional clerks in the Department.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolutions of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Ross;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) authoriz-
ing Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates,
Surgeon Albert L. Gihon, Passed Assistant
Surgeon Charles H. White, and Assistant Sur-
feon Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States
Favy, to accept decorations from the king of
Portugal in recognition of humane services;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) to author-
ize the payment of the full salary of Alvin P.
Hovey, as minister in Peru, without deduction
on account of absence from his post.
The message likewise announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 987) to reduce
the number of officers in the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes, asked a
conference on the disagreeing Votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. John
A. Logan of Illinois, Mr. H. W. Sloocm of
New York, and Mr. William H. Kelsey of
New York, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce the
right of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union who have
hitherto been denied that right on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. John A. Bingham of Ohio, Mr. Noah
Davis of New York, and Mr. Michael G.
Kerr of Indiana, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the concurrent resolution of the
House fixing the time of final adjournment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No, 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Ross;
A bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Co-
lumbia Railway Company of the District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trus-
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the Na-
tional Union Savings-Bank of the District of
Columbia.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 198) authorizing the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the commissioners
of quarantine, or other proper authorities of
the State of New York, the steamer Illinois,
for quarantine purposes.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS- ,
i The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
' Senate a .message from the President of the
; United States, communicating, in compliance
j with a resolution of the Senate of toe 18th
instant, information in relation to the passage
of any English or Canadian steamer through
the canal of the Sault Ste. Marie; which was
referred to the .Committee on Foreign Reiar
lions, and ordered to he printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the .United States,-com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 12th instant* informption in
relation to an organized band of persons at
Cheyenne, in the Territory of Wyoming or
vicinity, the number and designs of such per-
Bons, &c*f which was ordered to lie oil the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Interior, oommunieating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of this date, the report on the fins^ completion
of the Pacific railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend"
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce
the right of citizens of the United States to
vote in the several States of this "Union who
have hitherto been denied that right on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and
On motion of Mr. STEWART it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
-ment to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Stewart, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Stockton |
as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY. ,
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 987) to reduce tha
number of officers in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it wa3
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Morton, and Mr. ABBOTTasthe
conferees on the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolutions; in which it requested the concur-
rence of tho Senate:
A joint resolution (H, R. No. 296) to extend
the provisions of section twenty-one of the act
approved July 17, 1862, to aliens who have or
may enlist in the naval and marine service;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) donating
condemned cannon for a soldiers' monument
at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the yeat ending the 80th of
June, 1871, the question pending being on the
amendment of Mr. Corbett to the amendment
proposed by Mr; Trumbvll in rOgatd to the
compensation of clerks**- 1 7-1
Mr. CORBETT.1 My proposition is to amend
the amfebdtoent of the Senator from Illinois so
as to provide that the salaries of' male clerks
performing the Same' duties as female clerks
shall be reduced to those of female clerks. My
object is that where the duties of clerkships
can be performed by females they shall have
the privilege Of performing them; and my
proposition will hav« the effect *.0 reduce the
expenses of the Government very much. If
it should dispense with the services of one
thousand male clerks and substitute in their
places females, it will reduce ourexpenfies from
three to five hundred dollars Oft each, making
a saving to the Government of from three to
five hundred thousand dollars a year. If the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois iB
adopted it will increase the expenses of the
Government $800,000, or perhaps more, if it
¥aisesthe salaries of a thousand female clerks;
The average of their salaries now, I believe, is
$900 a year. If the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois shall advance them to $1,200
a year on a thousand female clerks—and prob-
ably that will be the number, for we most
remember that this does not apply merely to
the Treasury Department alone, but to all the
females employed as clerks in all the Depart-
ments—it would make a difference of expense
to the Government of $300,000 ;• whereas if
my amendment is adopted our expenses will be
reduced say $400,000. This will make a dif-
ference of about seven hundred thousand dol-
lars to the Government, on the supposition that
it will affect one thousand female clerks. Now,
if one thousand femAle clerks can be employed
where male clerks perform the duties at the
present salary of female clerks, it will save
evidently a large amount of money.
It seems to me that this is the proper amend-
ment to adopt. I do not think the Senate is
