5594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
thereon shall have been paid for at their appraised
valu<<\
Strike out the second section.
The amendments were concurred in.
l'ost route bill.
The next business oil the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to the bill (EL
R. No. 2307) to establish certain post roads.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate are simply for the establishment of
post routes. There is no general legislation in
tlie bill.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern pacific raibroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
•was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to amend
section ten of an ac|entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Port Smith, Arkansas.
Mr, RANDALL. I object.
importation, etc., into certain states.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 5251) to repeal an act enti-
tled "An act to prevent the importation of
certain persons into certain States where by
the laws thereof their admission is prohibited,"
approved February 28, 1863.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object.
oaths op office.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
in the late rebellion, but who are not disqual-
ified from holding office by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
counterfeiting foreign trade-marks.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 265) to prevent the counter-
feiting of foreign trade-marks protected by
treaty stipulations.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. JENCKES. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object.
grant of lands to kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 445) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for a grant of lands to the State
of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads and telegraphs
in said State."
Objection was made.
grants 0*1)' land to alabama.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 140) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
grants of land to nevada.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada," approved June 8, 1868.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
solomon k. bowles.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 559) for the relief of Solomon
E. Bowles.
The bill was read for information. It author-
izes the Commissioner of Patents to hear and
determine the application of Solomon E.
Bowles for an extension of his letters-patent,
granted 10th of April, 1855, for a machine for
raising and transporting stores, upon evidence,
in the same manner and with the same effect
■as if the application had been made within the
time prescribed by law; but in case the exten-
sion shall be granted, no person is to be held
liable for damages for infringements thereof
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginal patent and the date of the extension.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. It ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. RANDALL. I do notobjeet to that.
The bill was accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
george d. roberts.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 525) to enable George D. Roberts,
of Alameda county, California, to import cer-
tain machinery free of duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
green bay and lake pepin railway.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 72) granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
ship commissioners.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 532) to authorize the appointment
of shipping commissioners by the judges of
the several district courts of the United States,
to superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belonging
to the United States, and for the further pro-
tection of seamen.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suggest that that
bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
td6tc6
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object. It has
already been considered and unanimously
agreed to by that committee.
records in united states courts.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 141) relating to records of the
courts of the United States.
Mr. ARCHER. I object to that bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 suggest that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
No objection was made; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
useless military reservations.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 569) to provide for the disposi-
tion of useless military reservations.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
st0ckb1udge and munsee indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of the Stock-
bridge and Munsee tribe of Indians in the State
of Wisconsin.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I object to that bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Nobody could object to that
bill. I hope the gentleman will at least hear
it read.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. No, sir ; I object.
benjamin s. richards.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No.118) to author-
ize the restoration of Benjamin S. Richards to
the active list of the Navy.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that that resolu-
tion should be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
security of life on steamships.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CALKIN. I object to that bill, but sug-
gest that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. This bill has been under
consideration by the Committee on Commerce
during the whole of this session, and has had
a very careful consideration, and Iaminstructed
to report some amendments to it.
The SPEAKER. No amendments can be
considered; an amendment to a bill is an
objection to it. The bill will be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. I should prefer that it should
be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Calkin] objects.
Mr. CONGER. Would it be in order for
me to move to suspend the rules, and put the
bill as it is upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot inter-
rupt the present order by a motion to suspend
the rules.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
public building at montgomery, alabama.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 731) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the land
and revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States, in the city of Montgom-
ery, Alabama.
Mr. KELSEY. Let that go to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
No objection being made, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
indiana yearly meeting of friends.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) directing the
Secretary of the interior to issue a patent to
the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society of
Friends for a certain tract of land in the Shaw-
nee reservation.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope that will be passed;
it is right.
Mr. TAFFE. I object; let it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 object to its reference.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
territorial laws.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 782) to amend a portion of a cer-
tain statute of the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. CHAVES. A billforthis purpose passed
the House this morning.
The SPEAKER. This bill will then be
returned to its place on the Speaker's table.
indian lands in kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 177) for the sale
ot certain Indian lands in Kansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the passage
of this joint resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
No objection being made, the joint reso-
lution was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
dakota land grant.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 393) to aid in the construction
of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad and
telegraph line from Omaha, via the mouth of
the Niobrara river, to a point of junction with
the Northern Pacific railroad in Dakota Ter-
ritory.
