1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
PAPBRB WrrilDIlAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Otway H.
B«?rryman be withdrawn from the filesof the Senate.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Graham, of the
town of College Point, county of Queens, State of
New York, praying compensation for oarrying the
mails from New Orleans to Key TVest, for the quarter
commencing April 10, and ending June 30,1855, be
taking from the files of the Senate and referred to
tho Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
ClaimB, to whom was referred the petition of
James M. Ellison, praying for compensation
for property taken from him by United States
troops in Virginia in 1862, 1863, and 1864,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. €48) for tne relief of James M. Ellison.
The bill was read, and passed to a second^read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Indian
AffairB, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
610) for the relief of the Stockbridge and Man-
see tribe of Indians, in the State of Wisconsin,
reported it wkh an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 669) to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 138) for the sale of the
"Black Bob" Indian lands in Kansas, have
had the same under consideration, and instruct
roe to report it back with a written report in
connection with the papers in the case, and to
move that the whole subject be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that that
committee have power to examine witnesses
and send for persons and papers.
Mr. CONKLING. I see that the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee is not present. I
do not wish to stand in the way of any motion
of the honorable Senator from Iowa; bat I
hope unless there be some very urgent refison
he will not ask the Judiciary Committee, by
the examination of persons and papers, to in-
vestigate any complicated case; and if the
Senator understood as well as I do the extent
to which the Judiciary Committee is incum-
bered with labor already he would see my
reason for this suggestion. Of course, the
committee ought not to shrink from any labor
which the Senate imposes upon it, but I do not
see how it would be possible for the Judiciary
Committee to find time, in addition to every-
thing else with which it is charged, to send
for persons and examine witnesses touching a
claim of this sort, which I judge, from the size
of the bundle of papers sent to the desk, must
be a matter somewhat complicated and diffuse
in its character.
Mr. HARLAK. The motion for gtf&nting
that power does not contemplate that they will
exercise it utile** tliejf-Shali find it necessary
for an examination oflhe case'.' It involves a
legal question which the Cotrimitteo on Indian
Affairs thought of very great importance to
several hundred Indians residing in Kanfeas. I
will state in a moment the character Of the
case. The Shawnee Indians owned about- 
Mr.CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator bear me tnake a suggestion? Would it
not answer his purpose for his committee to
report (of Course I do not mean elaborately)
the facts, and report any question of law which
it is the wish of the 8enator that the Judiciary
'Committee should examine, and allow the com-
mittee to examine and report upon that ques-
tion, he khowing, as doubtless he does, so much
better the facts and particulars out of which
the question or questionslnay ftirise?
Mr. HARLAN. ■ The Committee oaIndian
Affairs has made a brief written report which
does raise the legal questions involved in this
controversy.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why instruct the
Committee on the Ju diciary to send for persons
and papers?
Mr. HARLAN. It is not intended to instruct
them to do so, but to grant them the power to
do so if they shall deem it necessary for making
the examination.
Mr. ROSS. My understanding of the action
of the Committee on Indian Affairs was simply
that it proposed to refer to the Committee on
the Juaiciary certain legal questions which had
arisen in the consideration of this case, and
which they did not consider themselves com-
petent to determine, but preferred to refer
them to the legal tribunal of the Senate, as
they are questions of a good deal of import-
ance. All the other questions involved in
the case I understood to have been, in effect,
acted upon by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and that their action generally, so far as
any expression was given, was favorable to the
bill, but simply asking the action of the legal
committee of the Senate on the legal points
involved.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest that one
proviso added to the bill would settle the whole
question; and that is, that nothing herein con-
tained shall affect the legal rights of any par-
ties as they now exist in these lands; and then
let those rights be decided in the courts. We
cannot decide the rights of parties by act of
Congress.
Mr. ROSS. As the Senator introducing and
responsible for the bill, I would cheerfully ac-
cept the proposition of my colleague and would
be willing to put the bill on its passage in that
shape at onee.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not want it done
on the Spur of the moment. I want it well
considered. My point was, that if the com-
mittee would insert a proviso that this shall not
affect the legal rights of parties as they now
exist, and then pass the bill——
Mr. HARLAN. That is the very question,
whether they have legal rights under the action
which has been taken by the Interior Depart-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. If they have no legal
rights the bill is right as it is.
Mr. ROSS. That would be similar to a
proposition incorporated in a resolution last
spring of the same character as this.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the Judiciary
Committee should examine the case.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kansas if it woold not be satisifac-
tory to him, on the suggestion of his colleague,
to allow the bill to be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to reconsider whether
a proviso like that will not answer every pur-
pose ; and if so it can be reported again, as
well as be considered, as it must necessarily be
hastily, if considered now?
Mr. ROSS. With the consent of the chair-
man of the committee, I would prefer to do
that.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs to
consider that, and if there is any difficulty
about it it can be settled hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw the report?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the instruction of
the committee is right; and if the Senate will
pardon me for two minutes I think I can state
the case so that the Senator from New York
and all others will comprehend it.
The Shawnee Indians owned about one mil-
lion six hundred thousand acres of land in
Kansas. They ceded those lands to the United
States on the condition that the United States
should grant to them about two hundred acres
to each Indian who might desire to receive it
and hold it in severalty, and an equal quantity
to the two bands known as Black Bob s band
and the Longtail band, who might desire to
hold their real estate in common. The treaty
provided that these Black Bob Indians might
afterward, if they saw proper, apply for these
lands in severalty. It is said that about two
hundred of them have applied for these lands
in severalty. On the other hand, it is urged
that they never did apply, but that speculators
applied in their name for these lands. The
Interior Department have set off lands to
about sixty-nine of them, and issued patents
and delivered them; and it is said that those
Indians have reconveyed the lands to third par-
ties. The Committee on Indian Affairs doubt
the legality of the whole procedure under the
treaty and under a subsequent statute. They
doubt whether the Indians, in the first place,
did legally apply to have these lands set off in
severalty; whether it was not a sham and a
fraud on the Indians. It is urged that some
of these Indians were dead at the time the
application was made. Only a few of them,
however, were in this condition. It is also
claimed that the Indians, even if they had re-
ceived the lands in severalty and a patent, had
no right to reconvey to third parties. It raises
a question of law that the Committee on Indian
Affairs has not been constituted to settle. It
seemed to the committee to be a question for
the Judiciary Committee to examine and report
upon; and therefore they instructed the chair-
man to report the bill back to the Senate and
ask to have it referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks that the Committee on Indian Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration
of this joint resolution, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. This is a
conjoint motion. The Chair understands that
by the objection of the Senator from New York
tne vote must be taken on the first part of it,
and if that be voted down the effect will be
that the joint resolution will remain with the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will not think that I object pertinaciously
if I renew my suggestion. This is not a ques-
tion of law as he presents it. It is a mixed
question of law and of fact. He says they sus-
pect fraud, and well he may put in his report
permission for the Judiciary Committee to Bend
for persons and papers, because they must try
as a matter of fact this question of fraud. Now,
Mr. President, I think I may say with propri-
ety and with prudence that the Judiciary Com-
mittee cannot execute such a labor as this.
With the same propriety as in this case every
other case coming before a committee which
involves questions properly pertaining to a
court, a judicial tribunal, might be commit-
ted to this committee, and it would be utterly
impossible to discharge with any faithfulness
at all such duties if they were to be imposed.
I agree with the Senator from Kansas that
the foreshadowing of this case by the Senator
from Iowa is of a case pertaining to a court of
justice; and it seems to me the true way for
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to devise
a form of enactment which will save and reserve
to everybody, the individuals concerned and
the United States as well, their rights in law
and in equity, every right which they have as
a matter of morals or as a matter of law, and
then let it be referred, so fer as it is a depart-
mental question, to the Department of the Inte-
rior to investigate it, and so far as it isa judicial
question, which it seems to me almost entirely
it is, to the proper court to hear, determine,
and try the question. Therefore I hope the
honorable Senator from Iowa will allow the bill
for the present to remain with his committee,
until he at least sees, in connection with the
suggestion and the willingness expressed by
the Senator from Kansas of the committee,
[Mr. Ross,] whether they cannot so modify the
bill as to accomplish the whole purpose with-
out requiring the Judiciary Committee to hold
inquisition upon this case, and call witnesses
ana determine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on discharging the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BOSS. In the action of the Committee
