4650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
highly proper tliat the Government should pay
more in paving one avenue than another. I
think the bill had better pass precisely as it is.
Mr. CxYSSERLY. If I understood the read-
ing of the bill aright, it proposes when a
redemption is made of property sold for taxes
under the assessment provided for by the bill
that the party may redeem within a year, but
shall pay thirty per cent, additional to the
amount for which the property was sold. I
should like to ask the clerk liow that is. I
understood it to be thirty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Twenty per
cent, was the amount.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, twenty per cent, is
excessive. I think that is much more than 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is only after a de-
fault of a year.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that is
unreasonable.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was just saying that I
did think so, and perhaps I can satisfy the Sen-
ator that I am right, if he will allow me to go
011 and finish what I have to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be very happy to
listen to the Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. In California, where
money is at least twice as valuable as it is here,
I think our premium on redemption is about
fifteen per cent., certainly not over eighteen ;
and I imagine that the rate named in this bill
is the highest premium for redemption that is
charged anywhere in the Union, certainly this
side of the Pacific coast, at all events. I should
say that twelve per cent., which is one per
cent, a month, and much more than money
ever brings in any legitimate business in this
city, would be sufficient. I have no objection
to the passage of the bill, and I dislike very
much even to raise this objection ; but I move
to amend the bill by substituting for twenty per
cent, twelve per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to amend the last clause
of the bill by striking out "twenty " and in-
serting " twelve."
Mr. HAMLIN. I have only to say that I
hope the amendment will not be adopted. This
is the usual per cent, that has always been
imposed for the non-payment of taxes; and I
hope the Senate will not change it.
Mr. SHERMAN. And it is the present law
of Maryland.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is the present law of
Maryland.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Senator
from Maine to say that twenty per cent, had
always been imposed here as a penalty for the
non payment of taxes for a period of one year.
It seems to me that assuming that to be true
it furnishes the strongest reason now for mak-
ing a change. I should dislike very much, I
should feel that I had done wrong, to consent
to the passage of such a bill as this without
having it printed with that provision in it.
Twenty per cent, is an enormous tax to put
upon women, children, non-residents, per-
sons who from accident or absolute want, as is
often the case, are unable to pay these assess-
ments, which every man knows who knows
anything of the subject do sometimes amount
to nearly a confiscation of their little ail. If
I had supposed that so moderate and reason-
able an amendment as this would be objected
to I should have asked that the bill be printed
belore it was passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator can relieve
himself from all his distress and all his respons-
ibility by voting, as he has a right to do, against
the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Would it be in order to
ask that the bill be printed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks |
it would be. !
_ Mr. CASSERLY. Then I move that the
bill lie on the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
amendment of the Senator from California, he
moves that the bill lie on the table and be
printed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am struck
with the force and justice of the remarks of
the Senator from California. A levy of twenty
per cent, for the redemption of this property
upon the amount paid is extortion, and no
state of facts can relieve it from that odious
character. There is no man in this city who
by the legitimate use of his means can make
twenty per cent, per annum; and when the
property of the unfortunate citizens of this city
of Washington may be sold, from the various
accidents narrated by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to require that the principal, with twenty
per cent, additional, shall be paid, in order to
enable those unfortunate and poverty-stricken
people to redeem their homes, is oppressive in
the highest degree. It is only another mani-
festation of the spirit that generally pervades
Congress, and that is to have no respect for
the rights of the people of this District.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the law in Mary-
land.
Mr. VICKERS. In Maryland it is twenty-
five per cent.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is the law anywhere, it
is odious; it is oppressive; it is unjust. In
my State the amount of interest to be paid is
but ten per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. In Ohio it is fifty per cent.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the State of Ohio
pught to reform that odious feature in her code
in relation to the sale and redemption of prop-
erty sold for the payment of taxes. Why, sir,
there is not any farming operation in our por-
tion of the country where six per cent, can be
made upon the investment. The profits upon
city property are none; city property is an
expense.
As has been stated by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, these sales result mostly from poverty,
from the condition of the owners, they being
wido.ws and orphans without means; from the
absence of the owners of the property, and
from various causes and circumstances that
address themselves to the best feelings of the
human heart; and when sales have been made
under circumstances of that character, and
persons in poverty have been deprived of their
homes, of their shelter, for Congress to pass a
law requiring that the money-lenders and the
capitalists who lie in wait to speculate upon
the misfortunes of their neighbors shall have
the principal reimbursed,with twenty per cent,
interest, is odious legislation; it is oppressive,
and I was astonished that the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickees] made any suggestion
to sustain such a proposition as this. 1 trust
that the amount will be reduced to the rate
suggested by the Senator from California, and
then it will be much too large.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. VICKBRS. I made the suggestion as
to twenty-five percent, because that is the law
of Maryland, and it always has been, I believe,
the law of my State. I understand that in Ohio
it is fifty per cent., in Kansas twenty-five per
cent.; and I do not know that there is anything
very unreasonable about it. My State has
practiced it, and I think she is about as humane
as any other State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do hope that we shall
not have a struggle over paving Pennsylvania
avenue because we differ as to the penalty to
be imposed in a state of affairs which probably
will not be enforced at all, because it is only a
penalty to occur one year after the failure of
the payment of the tax. I must confess that
rather than see this improvement jeopardized
I would vole for a penalty of one thousand per
cent., or five hundred per cent., ortwo hundred
per cent., or one hundred per cent. I do not
care how the result of this vote may be; but I
do hope that this measure, which has passed
the Senate three times unanimously, will now
be passed without further objection in some
form, and that we may take a vote upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single additional
remark. T have known of usury being reserved
at the rate of twelve per cent., of fifteen per
cent., of twenty-five per cent., of thirty-three
and a third per cent., and as much as fifty per
cent, for short periods; and I once heard of a
man who loaned money for two years at six
per cent, a month and retained the principal
as collateral security. [Laughter.] The resume
of the rates of the cost of redemption, by the
honorable Senator from Maryland reminds me
of that rate of usurious interest.
Now, Mr. President, if this was the rate in
Maryland or anywhere, in Judea, in Rome, or
in the most sanctified places of the earth, it is
no justification of the enormity of the rate. I
am not particularly friendly to this bill. It is
eminently niggardly on the part of the United
States. The amount and proportion of the
burden that the Government is to sustain in
the paving of Pennsylvania avenue is eminently
disgraceful to the Government.
Mr. VICKERS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask what is the rate in Kentucky?
Mr. DAVIS. I have just stated that it was
ten per cent., andyouhad better go to work to
have it reduced to that rate in Maryland. Now,
sir, this city of Washington is the city of the
United States; it-is the city of Government.
It was not a city when the seat of Government
was transferred here at all. It was simply
three or four farms. The site was selected by
the Father of his Country after great and labor-
ious examination and investigation. The city
of Washington, I believe, is about four miles
square, and the number of avenues and streets,
their width and their length in this "city of
magnificent distances,-' have no precedent on
earth from the foundation of time. This city
was located here for the convenience of the
Government, for the convenience of the people «
of the United States who visit it as a national
metropolis, and was laid out by the authority
of the people of the United States, by their
Government under the immediate supervision
of the Father of his Country. It found no peo-
ple here. It found no facilities for manufac-
tures and the mechanic arts, no commerce, no
resources which make cities wealthy. This
city is built up entirely from the expenditure
of the treasure of the nation, and it is com-
posed, and was intended to be composed,
largely of the personnel of the Government,
men who have a bare subsistence, and who
have no surplus means to appropriate to the
paving of the magnificent streets and avenues
which branch all over the city like the roots
from a tree. For the Congress of the United
States to endeavor to impose upon this poverty-
stricken, this oppressed people, (oppressed by
legislation and poverty,) the immense burden
of paving and keeping up the pavements of
these streets and avenues is unjust, absurd, and
oppressive to the last degree.
Sir, I envy no man liis spirit who can taunt
the downtrodden people of this city, the poor
ot Washington, with their niggardliness in not
keeping their streets paved. It results from
poverty, inability; and for Congress to endeavor
to escape the responsibility of doing this work
by shifting it upon the poor people of the city
is eminently disgraceful. Why, sir, how many
clerks are there in these Departments, and how
much surplus have they at the end of the year
after supporting their families ? What means
have they to appropriate to the paving of Penn-
sylvania avenue, and the other scores of avenues
and streets in this city'? Nothing. This is the
city of the nation, founded by Washington, laic.
