1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
on Indian Affairs on this subject I had no
desire, and have none now, to impose on the
Judiciary Committee any labor which would
be unwelcome to them; and much as I desire
the judgment and the advice of that committee
011 the abstract legal propositions embraced in
the bill I should hesitate to enforce them on
the consideration of the Judiciary Committee
against their protest. For that reason I shall
ask the pardon of the chairman for declining
to support the proposition, but will say to him
that 1 prefer, with such advice as we can get
privately from the legal gentlemen of the Sen-
ate, those on the Judiciary Committee espe-
cially, and on consultation with my colleague,
to incorporate a proposition something of a
nature like that which he suggests, and see if
we cannot adjust the matter in that way so as
to be satisfactonr to all parties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
ondischarging the Committee on Indian Affairs
from the further consideration of this resolu-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 16, noes 19.
Mr. HARLAN. Can the Committee on
Indian Affairs have authority to examine wit-
nesses and to send for persons and papers?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be for
the Senate to determine.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs have that authority, to
send for persons and papers in this case.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. ROSS asked, and bynnanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
649) amendatory of an act entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the pub-
lic domain," approved May 20, 1862; wnich
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
aittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 650)
to promote the growth of timber on the public
lands of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on PabUc Lands, .and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by nnanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
651) for the relief of ship-bailders and material,
men, and to provide a speedy remedy for the
collection of claimsagainst ships and vessels ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. IIOSS asked, and by unanimous ooasent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 153) for the relief of certain settlers
en lands within railroad withdrawals; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pablic Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
treaties for foreign territory.
Mr. FERRY. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration.
Boohed, That the thirty-ninth rnlo shal l not apply
to any treaty for the annexation to the United States
of the entire dominion of any foreign Power, but any
such treaty shall be considered and the question of
its ratification decided in open session of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to the rules. The Senator asks for its
present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that ought to lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made it will lie over.
Mr. FERRY. I give notice, then, that I shall
call it up to-morrow morning.
public lands iv indiana.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Boohed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
roquested to communicate to the Senate a statement
of the lands belonging to the United States lying in
the State of Indiana remaining undisposed of, and
in what counties they are situated, and what portion
of thesanae have never been surveyed, and the reason
thereof and where situated and their probable value;
also the amount of such public lands in that State
disposed of during the year 1869, and the price re-
ceived therefor, and the annual expense of maintain-
ing the land offioe at Indianapolis, and whether in
his judgment the public interest would suffer in the
removal of the records of that office to the General
Land Office at Washington city.
amendment of the rules.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report of
the Committee on the Revision of the Rules.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolutions,
reported on the 8th instant by Mr. Anthony,
from the select Committee on the Revision of
the Rules:
Betolved, That the following be adopted as a rule
of the Senate:
Immediately after the privileged morning business
is completed, and not later than one o'olock.theCal-
endar of special orders, if any. fbr that day, includ-
ing the unfinished business of the day previous, shall
betaken up and disposed of; and after that, or if
there shall be no special orders for that time, the
Calendar of peneral orders shall be taken np and pro-
ceeded within its order, beginning with the first sub-
ject on the Calendar; and in such oase the following
motions shall be in order at any time as privileged
motions, save as against a motion to adjourn or to
proceed to the consideration of executive- business,
to wit:
1. A motion to Bass over the pending subject,
which, if carried, snail have the effect to leave such
subject in its existing place on the Calendar for
action at the next oall of the Calendar.
2. A motion to place such subject at the foot of the
Calendar.
Both of these motions shall bedecided without de-
bate, and shall have precedence in the order above
named, and may be submitted as in the nature and
with all the rights of questions of order.
Retolved further. That the twenty-fourth rulo be
amended by adding thereto the following words:
" After the introduction of resolutions is completed
there shall be laid before the Senate, in their order,
resolutions and concurrent resolutions introduced
on any prior day, and the same shall be proceeded
with in the same manner as is provided in the rule
for the Calendar of general orders."
Retolvtd farther. That all rules or orders setting
apart particular days for particular classes of busi-
ness be, and they are hereby, abolished.
Mr. POMEROY. With the concurrence of
the committee I suggest a slight amendment,
to come in after the word "with" in the last
line but one of the first resolution, to insert
"but not later than one o'clock;" so as to
read, "shall be proceeded with, but not later,
than one o'clock." ,
Mr. EDMUNDS.. That is the effect of it
now, but that makes.it clearer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. A slight amendment is
necessary in the last resolution. After the
word 4' orders '' the words'' heretofore made''
should be inserted; so that it shall not apply
to what we may order hereafter, but that all
rules and orders heretofore made setting apart
particular days for particular business are abol-
ished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to. Would not the word " rescinded "
be better than "abolished," the Chair sug-
gests?
Mr.POMEROY. Iproposethatamendment,
by striking out the word " abolished " and in-
serting "rescinded."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be made. The question ison agree-
ing to the resolutions as amended.
The resolutions, as amended, were adopted.
. Mr.POMEROY. It is understood that these
rules do not take effect until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They cannot now, because
we have got past the point where they would
begin to operate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the now rules will be regarded as not
taking effect until to-morrow.
yX close or debate.
* Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Rules:
Resolved, That whenever any question shall have
been under consideration for two days it snMl be
competent, without debate, for the Senate by a two-
thirds majority to fix a time, not less than one day
thereafter, when the main question shall be taken;
but cach Senator who shall offer an amendment shall
be allowed five minntes to speak ufton the same, and
one Senator a like time in reply. ^
message from the house.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 187) providing for publishing spe-
cifications and drawings of the Patent Office ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 182) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 80, 1870; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
bayou teche.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to take up for
consideration Senate joint resolution No. J41.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 141)
to provide for survey and estimates of cost of
removing obstructions from the Bayou Teche,
in the State of Louisiana.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution, with an amendment, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That the expense of said survey and
estimate shall not exoeed the sum of $500. And the
same is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered*
to be engrossed tor a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
! fort gratiot reservation.
| Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration House bill No. 207.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend an
act Entitled "An act providing for the sale of
a portion of the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, in St. Clair county, in the State of Michi-
gan," approved July 20,1868. It proposes to
annul [amend] an act providing for the sale
of a portion of the Fort Gratiot military res-
ervation in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan, approved July 20, 1868, by adding
to the end of the second section thereof the
following:
Provided, That there shall be. and !■ hereby,
granted to the city of Port Huron, in perpetuity, for
public grounds, to be designated andkno wa as Pine
Grovepark," all that portion of «*id military reserve
known and described as follows, to wit: commencing
at a point on the St. Clair river bank, being north
sixty degrees and fifty-five minutes east, one chain
and seventy-five links from the southeast corner of
Fort Gratiot -military cemetery; thence south sixty
degrees and fifty-five minutes west, eleven chains
and fifteen links, at right angles with and to inter-
sect the east line of Harrington avenue, so called;
thence south twenty-nine degrees and five minutes
east, along the east line of said avenue twenty chains;
thence north sixty degrees and fifty-five minutes
east, at right angles with said avenue to the United
States boundary line in the St. Clair rrver; thence
northerly along said-boundary line to a_ point at
whioh the northerly line of the aljove described Pine
Grove park extended in a right line easterly would
intersect the same;' thenee westerly along said ex-
tended northerly Hne to the plaee of beginning, con-
taining twenty and ninety hundredths acres of land,
together with the river front adjoining thereto.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
florida judicial districts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
680. I will state that H is a bill to save money
and expense to the Government, and I hope
the Senate will take it up.
