1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
the Army shall hereafter be assigned to duty
of any kind or be entitled to receive more than
the pay and allowances provided by law for
retired officers of his grade; and all such as-
signments heretofore made shall terminate
within thirty days from the passage of the act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
On Military Affairs reported an amendment to
this bill, to strike out the words " within thirty
days from the passage of this act," and to in-
sert " on the 30th of June next."
Mr. WILSON. This bill was reported at
the lastsession, andthe occasion forthe amend-
ment has passed by. I propose, therefore, on
behalfof the committee, to withdraw the amend-
ment, if I may be allowed to do so, and to have
the bill passed as it came from the House of
Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Massachusetts, by
authority of the committee, will be allowed to
withdraw the amendment. The Chair hears
no objection, and it will be done.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs would explain
what is intended by this bill.
Mr. WILSON. This bill is a House bill,
and passed at the first session of this Congress,
which provided that the retired officers should
not be assigned to duty by the President, for
when they are assigned to duty they are assigned
with full pay. There is a great effort made
generally by retired officers to get in some posi-
tion where they can get full pay. The bill is
a just one, and ought to pass. There cannot
be any doubt about that, I think. It will re-
lieve the President from the pressure made on
him continually to assign this or that officer to
special duty. In time of war there was some
reason for it, and particular officers could ren-
der service; but in time of peace it is not neces-
sary, and generally it is a piece of favoritism. I
hope the bill will pass without any opposition.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
state of virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis so nearone o'clock
that I suppose we had better take up the special
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It being within
a minute of one o'clock, the Chair, if there be
no objection, will regard the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United
States as before the Senate; and the question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. STEWART. I move that that bill be
postponed and that the House bill on the same
subject be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the House Virginia bill
on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read
once.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its further read-
ing to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will depend
upon a majority of the Senate. A majority of
the Senate can order it to be taken up and
read the second time to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend from
Nevada expect that anybody is^to be bound
by the arrangement made oil briday if the
House bill is taken up?
Mr. STEWART. I suppose so. I presume,
as the subject of both bills is the same, it makes
no difference which is before the Senate, so
far as that arrangement is concerned. It seems
folly for us to send to the other House a bill
of the same character when we have their bill
here. It seems to me we should act on the
bill they have sent us. For us to pass a bill on
this subject when we have a House billon the
same matter before us is a waste of time, it
seems to me. If thereis any desire on the part
of my friend from Vermont that the arrange-
ment to which lie lei'ets should be postponed
for a day to take the vote to-morrow at four
o'clock I have no objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not said that I had
any desires on the subject, and I do not know
that I have just at present; I merely have opin-
ions, and one of those opinions is, that when I
entered into an arrangement on Friday to vote
on the bill we were then discussing, and on the
pending amendments, and such others as should
be offered at four o'clock to-day I meant that,
and I did not mean anything else. It is right
and fair, therefore, to tell my friend from Ne-
vada, who has charge of this matter, that I for
one shall feel under no constraint as it respects
the time at which a vote shall be taken, and
shall feel at liberty to occupy as much time as
with proper respect to the Senate I shall think
necessary to consider the new aspects of the
case, if there should be any, under the House
bill.
My friend from Nevada, as a matter of mere
expediency, besides, I think, will see that the
House bill being in different language from the
Senate bill, though the substance probably is
the same, having been read but once, and
being in such a condition that it can only be
read once more to-day and cannot receive its
third reading until to-morrow without unani-
mous consent, nothing will be gained, if haste
is the object, by abandoning a bill that we
have carried forward so nearly to a vote and
taking up a fresh one, to which fresh amend-
ments will be offered, and proceeding with that,
so that we could not get that bill back to the
House concurred in or amended under two or
three days. Now, if we go on upon the under-
standing that wo had, we shall of course pass
the Senate bill in some form this afternoon; and
if the House is so disposed—it will exercise
its own judgment about that—it can pass it
under the operation of the previous question
this afternoon also.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont wishes to abide by the arrangement as it
was made and as he correctly understands it.
The Senator from Massachusetts objects to any
reading, save one, to-day, of the House bill.
In order to accommodate both Senators, I
suggest to the honorable Senator from Nevada
who has this bill in charge that we proceed,
as the Senator from Vermont wishes to do,
with the Senate bill; that we proceed to con-
summate the understanding, which is to vote at
four o'clock upon that bill and such amend-
ments as shall be offered ; and that at the
proper time the Senator from Nevada offer as
an amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
the bill which came from the House. Thus
we shall accommodate all the Senators and
thus we shall make progress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is satisfactory.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make one other
suggestion to the honorable Senator, which is,
that the course I suggest will advance us one
step, and a long step, toward an ultimate so-
lution of this question : because when we have
passed the House bill with amendments—and
very likely the amendment, of the Senator from
Vermont which has been adopted here will be
carried upon the House bill—when we have
done that, and the House shall non-concur,
looking to the contingency that it may, then
we shall be brought immediately to a confer-
ence between the two Houses ; whereas if we
go on with the Senate bill and complete that,
each House will have passed a bill, but we
shall be, as Senators will see, a long step
apart. Therefore, I hope we shall proceed with
the Senate bill, and that at the proper time my
honorable friend from Nevada will move the
House bill as a substitute for that.
;j Mr. STEWART. The trouble about that
j| course is that it would then still be a Senate
; bill.
j Mr. CONKLING. Dat a Senate bill which
j| the House of Representatives have agreed to
;i and passed.
;] Mr. STEWART. It would be open to amend-
! mini by the House. I desire to have a second
reading of the House bill by its title at this
time, and then we can go on with the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other is up now, and
let us go ahead with it. You can offer the
House bill as an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I have a right to have it
read a second time by its title. I move to
postpone the present order for the purpose of
having the House bill read a second time by its
title. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
then have to move again to proceed to the
consideration of the Senate Virginia bill.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir ; I shall do that
immediately afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to postpone the pending Senate
bill for the purpose of taking up the House
Virginia bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose that
motion is debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; not upon
the merits of the question, however, under the
eleventh rule.
Mr. STEWART. We can have it all done
in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the eleventh rule provides that " mo-
tions to take up or proceed to the consideration
of any question shall be determined without de-
bate upon the merits of the question proposed
to be considered." The usage of the Senate
under this rule has been to duplicate motions,
to embody two motions in one. Whether
that was correct under the rule or not the
Chair does not know ; but he rules in accord-
ance with what has been the usage of the Sen-
ate, that it is in order to move to postpone the
consideration of a pending bill and all prior
orders for the purpose of considering some
other bill. If the construction which theBenator
from Vermont places upon the rule be correct,
then under such motions every day not only
the pending order, but all prior orders gener-
ally, would be open to debate, and the Chair
thinks the object of the rule would be defeated.
The Chair, therefore, must rule according to
what he supposes has been the usage of the
Senate, it being a duplicate motion, that it
does not open the question to be postponed
for debate. The Chair in that only follows
the counsel given by the Senator from Vermont
to the Chair, to decide the eleventh rule strictly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will always
follow the counsels of the Senator from Ver-
mont I am sure the Senator from Vermont
ought to be satisfied. But I will state, if the
Chair please, that this is the first time—other
Senators mayremember others—that the Chair
has ruled at this or any preceding session since
we had that rule that on a motion to postpone
a question that was under debate before the
Senate, for any purpose, debate upon the merits
of that question was not in order. That is the
point; because a motion to postpone until to-
morrow or any other time is a question which
is open to debate ; and in the framing of that
rule the object was to prevent members from
making speeches upon subjects that were not
before the Senate, that were not up, under-
cover of a motion to postpone and take up
another measure. So the Chair will perceive
that the language of the rule limits debate to
the merits of the question proposed to be con-
sidered. That is what is forbidden, not debate
upon the merits of the question proposed to
be sent over. It would throw the Senate into
inextricable confusion to do otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never understood the
rule as the Senator from Vermont does. It
seems to me that the very object of the elev-
enth rule is to cut off debate on the question
to be postponed and the question to be token
up. The origin of that rule is this: we had
lost a great deal of time in the Senate by con-
troversies between Senators who had different
matters in charge; the chairman of one com-
mittee would have one bill and the chairman
of another committee another, and we some*
