2764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
what it will come to if the views of these low-
tariff men prevail, and what they are aiming
at, as we see by an article written for a ,\' w
York paper; whose frank confession in this
matter is well worthy of 90ti.ce. This free-trade
writer Says, in speaking of free trade in Amer-
ica, if it is brought about^- .
"A commercial revolution would, follow; laborers
would be out of employ, and the price of labor would
come down, down, until it reached the European
standard, and then success is insured."
The London Mining Journal says:
"If this free-trade league succeeds in the United
States we may liopo for a very large trade with that
country."
It recalls the days of184G, when men in Glas-
gow and Manchester subscribed $100,000 to
lower our tariff, and some of them, were foolish
enough afterward to say they more than got their
money back by breaking down ourfactories and
then selling us goods at their own prices.
Professor Perry, in his free-trade speech
here some little time ago, extolled the "good
time coming, when the people could have cheap
iron," &c., but possibly we may have a sec-
ond experience like that of 1852 to 1857, when
British iron-makers, having sent over and sold
railroad bars at $40 a ton, (under our low
tariff, which they had helped to make, but at
cost or less,) closed our mills and then run up
the price to $80 a ton, selling us 1,000,000 tons
or so, and thus helping on the crash of 1857.
These men fail to see that the best possible
security against "monopolists" at home and
abroad is such protection of our home industry
as will give scope for successful competition. .
If we are to have competition let us have it
among ourselves, and not by pulling down
wages to pauper level in order to compete with
European labor. On wages paid in this coun-
try and in Europe we submit the following state-
ments of Commissioner Wells:
"In the manufacture of cotton the average excess
of wages paid in the UnitedStates in 1867, overtlioso
paid for the corresponding labor in Great Britain,
gold being taken as the standard in both cases, the
Commissioner ascertained to be 35} per cent.
"In Belgium, from an examination of less com-
plete data, the average depression in wages, as com-
pared with the United States, appears to bo about 48
per cent. The following arc specific illustrations of
the specialties of labor in the cotton manufacture
m the United States, Great Britain, and Belgium:
\Vo'rJ:crs in cotton mills average weekly wages or earn-
ings, in gold.
I
Occupation.
In the United
States, (gold.)
[
: In England.
a
To
~o
a
W
: Excess of wages
in United States
over England,.
Excess of wages
in United States
over Belgium.
Drawing frame
tonders 
$3 41
$2 73
$2 10
25 p. c.
0i p. C.
Roving frame
tonders 
3 51
3 ns
3 00
35 p. o.
18 p. c.
Male spinners..
7 24
5 36
5 00
35 p. e.
41 8-10
Weavers 
6 00
4 51
3 60
33 p. c.
OS 4-10
"In France tho averago weekly earnings of per-
sons employed in manufactories of cotton are as
follows:
Men {4 27
Women   2 57
Boys 87
Girl* 1 01
• "Taking the 4G7 men and 1,416 women employed
in that branch m Paris, tho average weekly wages
of adults (men and women) are 14.93f., or $1 98, and
including the children, the average is 13.82, or $2 76.
"Manufactures of Wool— The average excess of
wnces paid in woolen mills of tho United States in
1S67 and 1868 over those paid for similar labor in
Great Britain would appear to bo about 25 per cent.,
(-4.53 per cent.,) and in carpet and other worsted
mills 5S percent.
"The following are specific illustrations of the
average weekly wages paid in tho woolen-mills of
tho three countries above referred to;
hi United fn Eng- In Bel-
Oecupntiowt. States, (aold.) land. gium.
Carders $4 37 $3 85 $3 00
Spinners (men) 8 32 6 05 2 00
Spinners (women)  3 91 2 73 2 00
Drawers  5 80 4 13 2 40
Weavers  5 73 4 67 3 20
"Iron-founding and Machine-building.—Average
excess in wages paid in iron founderies and machine-
shops in the United States in 1867 and 1868 over those
paid for similar labor in England, 58 per cent. The
following are specific illustrations of the average
weekly wages paid to the following enumerated ern-
ploy6s in ttiis branch of industry in tho countries
abovo reforred to:
In United In Eng-, In Sel-
Oecupafoons. plates, (gold.) land. gium.
Molders $11 52 . S8 00 $o 40
Machinists  11 54 7 00 3 60
Boiler-makers  12 64 . 7 50 i 20
Blacksmiths  12 32 7 12 4.12
lingineers  14 40 - 7 50
Laborers  7 03 2 '40 1 80
"Iron Manufacture.—Theavorage price of puddling
iron per ton—
In the United States, (gold)  Si 37i
In England  2 37-i
In Belgium    1 20
"The average weekly earnings of puddlers in tho
leading iron-producing countries aro ae follows:
United States, (grold)   §16 54
England  8 75
Prance  8 10
Belgium  6 00
Russia    1 93
" In this department of industry we select the price
paid for puddling as an indication of the entire aver
age of wages in this branch of industry in the differ-
ent countries, although the work performed under
this head is not always the same in every establish'
ment.
" Unskilled labor.—Tho following are the average
rates of weekly waares paid for unskilled labor in the
manufacturingestablishmentsin thecountries below
enumerated:
In the United States, general average (gold) $0 81
In Great Britain, general average  4 50
Sheffield  5 25
Hull 4 50
Wigan  4 25
Bradford  4 00
Glasgow 3 75
In France    3 00
In Belgium, general average  2 41
Liege  2 40
Ghent  a 50
Mayenee  2 4o
In Saxony, (Dresden)  •>. 25
In Prussia,(Berlin)  2 10
In Itussia    1 33
If the iron workers and manufacturers of Eng-
land are allowed to bring their iron to this
country free of duty or under a low tariff, how
long will American puddlers find employment
here? How longwilltheir helpers and rollers
find employment? And how long will those
employed in cotton and woolen mills and in
founderiesand machine-shops find employment
if a low tariff prevails?
It will be seen by the above statement that
the wages paid in this country for work are no
higher than they ought to be for the work per-
formed and to enable the workingmen and their
families to live comfortably. One of the United
States commissioners to the Paris exposition,
sent by our Government to examine iron and
steel matters, says the difference in cost of
iron-making here and in England is the wages,
which are more than double here; and in other
manufactures we find from best authority the
difference is from 25 to 75 per cent. But the
assertion is made that, considering the cost of
living here, the English and European work-
men are as well off as here.
When we find as many children in our poor-
houses as in onr schools, when the tide of im-
migration, made up of working people coming
here to better their condition ceases, when one
in twenty of our people is a pauper, these
assertions may be correct. Now the working
people of our country know they are not.
The manufacturers are denounced by some
of the members of this House as "robbers."
To my mind, if there is robbery anywhere in
this matter, in the language of another, it would
be in the inevitable effects of a free-trade sys-
tem with its tariff for revenue ; the European
plan, robbing the workingman of his wages by
their reduction to the European level. The plan
the friends of protection in this House would
adopt is one that would help the best interests
of the farmer, worker, manufacturer, and im-
porter alike, and help to develop the resources
of the country. It is an old proverb, "Home
manufactures and home markets grow to-
gether." Wehave seen it stated that Pennsyl-
vania last year bought more western produce
than England, and New England more still. I
hope, Mr. Chairman, the duty on pig iron will
be retained, and the spirit which has actuated a
majority of this House thus far for the general
protection of our industries will prevail in re-
gard to the great iron interest, and the mahu-
faeturing of pig iron, and the present duty
of $9 per-ton be retained. ;It is just to the
best interests of the countty, to the manufac*
turer; just to the miner, the workmen in our
iron mills, and just to all workingmen. It-will*
yield revenue to the Government in collection
of duty on all that is imported; and if duty is
is taken off it will not help consumers, but
benefit foreign manufacturers at the expense
of American manufacturers and workingmen,
as there would be no doubt that they would
raise the price and pocketthe advance. Indeed
they are already boasting in their papers of the
prospect of duty on pig iron being taken off
here, and the great profit they will reap if it is
done. Let every member of this House look
at this matter carefully, and sustain and stand
by American interests, manufacturers, and
workingmen.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. What is the pend-
ing amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has moved to
amend the paragraph by striking out "$7"
and inserting "$5." 'The gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Hill] moves to amend the
amendment by striking out " $5 " and insert-
ing " $9."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I rise, then, to
oppose the amendment to tbeamendment; and
first of all I desire to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] whether I under-
stood him aright as saying that the statement
made by Professor Waterhouse, of Missouri,
concerning the cost of producing pig iron in
that State was a "lying statement?"
Mr. KELLEY. 1 said that it was taken from
an advertisement in which the quality of the
property was overstated and its capacity for
the production of iron.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It was neither taken
from an advertisement nor was anything over-
stated therein ; and in justification of a high-
toned gentleman of my city, as Professor Water-
house is, I desire a statement to go upon the
record in his defense. Professor Waterhouse,
who is connected with one of the first educa-
tional institutions in my city, published an
excellent little pamphlet entiled "The Re-
sources of Missouri." Among the subjects
treated of he furnishes the cost of producing
pig iron in my State, and, sir, he furnishes a
statement, given to him by one of the furnace
companies of my city, taken from their books
and handed to him for publication, and copied
by him verbatim in the pamphlet which I hold
in my hand. It is a statement, I repeat, taken
from the books of an iron-producing company
m my city, and the correctness of that state-
ment has never been denied by any citizen of
St. Louis.
Mr. BURDETT. Will my colleague give
us the name of the firm?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The Carondelet
Iron Company,
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say that Pro-
fessor Waterhouse himself has written to me
leferring to his pamphlet, and saying that it
was not meant to be precise, and that he is
surprised that Commissioner Wells should have
predicated his statement upon it. Therefore
when I described it as I did I had Professor
Waterhouse as authority.
NBURG. I will send to the
Uerk s desk to be read a letter recently pub-
lished by that same furnace company over the
signature of their secretary, admittingthat they
did furnish Professor Waterhouse with the
statement, but churning now that their state-
ment was not entirely correct, although they
themselves furnished it to Professor Water-
house for the purpose.
