508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January If,
times lost an hour or two in controversy as to
what business the Senate should proceed with.
It was to avoid that loss of time and to bring
the Senate directly to a vote at once as to what
business it would proceed with that this rule
was adopted. It seems to me it would defeat
the very object of it if you can go on with the
discussion of the bill under consideration. You
never could get a vote then on postponing it,
and the subject that was up would be kept
before the Senate and discussed indefinitely.
There would be no way of getting rid of it or
bringing discussion to a close by moving to lay
it aside and bring up something else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
willing to defer his rulings to what has been
the usage of the-Senate; but the Chair in an-
nouncing this decision must be compelled to
state that if the ruling has been as suggested
by one of the Committee on Rules, the Senator
from Vermont, then upon all future occasions
when a motion is made to postpone the pend-
ing and all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up any bill the Chair, as he must rule
uniformly, without any regard to what maybe
the peculiar pressure in regard to a certain
bill, as might be the case to-day, would have
to tolerate debate not only upon, the bill before
the Senate, but upon all prior orders. If that
is the desire of the Senate the Chair will cheer-
fully conform to that desire.
. Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. TRUMBULL. I
hope that will not be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to take up any
bill necessarily involves the postponement of
something else, because there is never a time
in the Senate when there is not something in
order. It follows, therefore, as a matter of
course, that when the Senate declare that a
motion to proceed to the consideration of a
particular bill is not debatable, that also in-
cludes the other proposition, that the motion to
postpone in connection with that is not debata-
ble. It seems to me the Senator from Nevada
need not complicate this matter. He may sim-
ply move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the House bill and not move to
postpone anything, because that would neces-
sarily follow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the other is up.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, even if I am
incorrect in that, the motion to postpone is a
necessary incident to the motion to proceed
to the consideration of the bill, and therefore
it would defeat the object of that rule if debate
were allowed upon it. I do trust that either
the Senate or the Presiding Officer will give us
the benefit of that rule, which was adopted
after great consideration and to secure very
important results.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can live and enjoy my-
self under any kind of practice that others can.
I therefore have no feeling whatever on this
subject; but 1 should be sorry to have the
Senate commit itself to a construction of these
rules which Senators will find absolutely de-
structive of the liberty of debate on a question
which is already before it and under consider-
ation when some member wishes to postpone
that and take up another. You cannot oven
state that it is important that the measure
should be considered to-day, or what is its
character, although it is before the Senate on
the question of its third reading or its passage.
The only rule that limits debate, if my friend
from Ohio will do me the honor to listen, on
this question is this: it came into these rules
at the last revision of them; it is in the last
part of rule eleven:
"Motions to take up or proceed to the considera-
tion of any question shall be determined without
debate upon the merits of the question proposed to
be considered."
That is the only limitation that the rules in
this respect impose upon debate. Debate is
free in this body, except so far as the letter
and fair spirit of the rule forbids it, because
debate is essential to deliberation and legisla-
tion. When this new rule was adopted it had
become the practice of some Senators, when a
question was pending and they wanted to de-
liver a speech on some other question, to move
to postpone the pending order and take up
another, and then proceed to deliver their
speech on the other question, which was, of
course, au abuse of the privileges of the Sen-
ate. Hence this language was adopted, which
in terms and in spirit forbids only the discus-
sion of the question that you propose to go to
and which is not before you until it shall b,e
taken up.
It is said that these two motions, can be put
together. Possibly they can, but theyare di-
visible motions ; they are not necessarily con-
nected with each other. We might be willing
to postpone the pending order and not take up
the order proposed. We might be willing to
do half a dozen other different things under a
motion of this kind. Therefore, if you were
to divide this motion, Senators will perceive
that the pending question, separated from the
succeeding one, will be upon the postponement
of the pending measure, and that certainly is
debatable. The eleventh rule, which is in-
voked to cut off debate, was limited purposely,
as I happen to know, but of course we must
take it on the language of the rule, to correct-
ing the abuse of discussing a measure not.be-
fore the Senate, but which was sought to be
brought before it over the head of a measure
already on the table for consideration. As I
say, in this particular instance it is not of the
least consequence to me what is done; but if
we are to establish the ruling of the body, as
we must now, one way or the other, Senators
will find before they are many weeks older that
we shall be involved in very serious difficulty;
that we cannot discuss any measure before us
if any Senator wishes to bring up some other
question and makes a motiou to that effect.
The VICE PRESIDI3NT. The Chair will
state to the Senate, as this is an important prop-
osition upon which there seems to be a differ-
ence of opinion and its construction should be
settled, that under the sixth rule he will sub-
mit the question to the Senate for the Senate
to decide whether when a motion is made to
postpone the present and all prior orders, and
to proceed to the consideration of another bill,
that motion is debatable. That question is
before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I express the hope
that the Senate in its wisdom will adopt the
opinion of the Chair. I hopo so because 1 really
believe it will aid in the promotion of business
in this body. I know the practice heretofore
lias been on a motion to postpone to allow dis-
cussion upon the merits of everything above
the earth or beneath the sky. There were no
limits; and we saw day after day consumed
upon a simple question of priority, and you got
at no question. I do not know what is the
precise construction that the gentleman who
framed this amendment to the rules intended,
but, it seems to me that the Senator from Ver-
mont is wrong. The rule reads: I
"llotions to tako up or proceed to the consider- !
ation of any question shall be determined without ,
debate upon the ineiits of the question proposed to :
be considered.'' |
The limitation of debate here I suppose j
would be precisely this : here is a bill before |
the Senate to which sundry amendments have I
been made ; a similar bill is sent to us from j
the House with no amendments. Now, I may '
be in favor of postponing because I want to >
vote simply upon the bill of the House, and if i
we vote upon that and adopt it there is an end i
of the matter, and therefore it is wiser. These j
are considerations which might well come in, ;
but not the merits of the bill. If they can be I
debated, then I think,your rule will limit debate j
to no effect; the limitation which you have i
sought to throw around it is in effect no limita-
tion at all, because it opens up to discussion
the question which it is proposed to consider.
I supposed it was the intention of the rule to !
cut off that discussion. I think it may bear !
that construction fairly, and if we do give it
that construction it will save u& long weary
hours of discussion as to the priority of busi-
ness. - • ■ . •
Mr. POMERO Y. When, the Senate desire
to adopt, a new- rule I have. na objiectioa to
that; b.ut I da object to. construing this eleventh
rule, into a new one. This rule simply intended
to cut off debate on a proposition to take up
so,mething. It never in tended to cut off debate
on a proposition pending. I can throw eon-
fusion, as every Senator can, into every propo-
sition before the Senate if you will adopt a
rule to allow a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of something else to cut off debate
upon the question to be postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. You can gag
any question in that way.
Mr. POMERO Y., I can gag any question
before the Senate. That is not the rule. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And you can
gag the next one as soon as it is taken up.
Mr. POMERO Y. Yes, sir; I can gag the
next one as soon as it is taken up. That is
not the rule at all. What this rule means is,
that the merits of the question to be considered
shall not be discussed until it is taken up; and
that is all there is in it. A practice had grown
up in the Senate before this rule was adopted
that if a Senator desired to make a .speech on
some subject not before the Senate all he had
to do was to move to proceed to the consider-
ation of his bill, and on that motion to, proceed
to its consideration, before it was taken up, he
could deliver his speech. The Senate desired
to correct that, ana this clause of the eleventh
rule was adopted for that purpose. Bat if wo
can move to postpone a matter that we have
had under consideration day after day, and
prevent any discussion of it upon the motion
to postpone—because these motions are sus-
ceptible of division; you cannot get a com-
pound motion or any two propositions con-
tained in one that cannot be divided—if we
are to cut off debate on the subject to be post-
poned, then we can arrive at no vote in this
body; that is, we can arrive at no vote where
we have unlimited discussion, and that is the
policy of the Senate. I submit, if the Senate
desire to make a now rule let it be reported
in the usual form and let us adopt it as a new
rule; but let us not endeavor to construe this
eleventh rule as though it meant something not
in the book.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not often participate
in debates that arise out of constructions of the
rules, but I hope the Senate will sustain the
Chair in the construction that has been put
upon this rule, for it is altogether a matter of
construction. Reference has been made to the
usages of the Senate. I respectfully submit
that those usages are more honored in the
breach than in the observance, for since I have
been here there has been more time wasted in
discussing what business shall have precedence
than in discussing the merits of the business
that we have transacted ; and, if possible, that
abuse and waste of time should be remedied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That statement is a little
strong.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It maybe strong, but I
think it is nearly correct. Now, sir, this rule
provides that when a proposition is made to
postpone the pending business and proceed to
the consideration of other business there shall
be no debate upon the merits of the question
proposed to be considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. WiiltheSen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does not the
construction of the Senator from Oregon place
it in the power of any member to change the
whole current of debate, to stop discussion
upon any measure at any moment at the :neie
will and pleasure of a single Senator, bffoie
any vote has been taken, by simply making a
motion to postpone and to consider som>- o-Jtt-r
measure ?
