5596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
FLORIDA RAILROADS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 438) granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Florida.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
KANSAS MILITIA.
The next business.on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State of
Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provisioning
militia forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. KERR. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LUCAS AND OTHER COUNTIES, IOWA.
The next business oil the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 700) for the relief of
Lucas, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa.
Mr. JULIAN objected.
SIERRA IRON COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 439) to grant land to the
Sierra Iron Company.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr JOHNSON. Let the bill be read. The
title does not state what it is. It makes no
grant of lands.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; let it be read.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that there is hereby granted to the
Sierra Iron Company, of California, the right
to purchase of the unoccupied public lands of
the United States, in the manner and upon
the terms hereinafter expressed, six hundred
and forty acres in the vicinity of Gold lake,
Sierra county, California, embracing the iron
ores now claimed by said company ; and three
thousand two hundred acres near the site
selected for the works and furnaces of said
company, in Mohawk valley, Plumas county,
California; provided, however, that nothing
herein contained shall in any manner abridge
or impair the vested rights of any person, nor
the rights or privileges of any person to enter
upon said lands and mine for precious metals.
The second section of the bill, which was
read, provides that wheri#^, within twelve
months, the said Sterra IronfcCompany shall
deposit with the surveyor general of the Uni-
ted States for California a sufficient sura to
pay for the survey, that officer shall forthwith
cause said lands to be surveyed, in accordance
with the established system of the Land Office
of the United States, and in such manner as
to include, as near as may be, under that sys-
tem, the lands which said company may select.
The third section, which was read, provides
that said surveyor general shall, as soon as
practicable, return to the land office of the dis-
trict in which said lands are located such sur-
vey and plat; and upon payment a,t any time
within ninety days thereafter, by said company
to the receiver in such land office, of the value
of said lands, at the rate of $2 50 per acre, a
patent for said lands shall be issued to said
company, in the same manner that patents are
issued in other cases of sale or grant of public
lands. The fourth section, which was read,
provides that no sale or transfer by said com-
pany of their right to a patent, as herein pro-
vided, shall be effectual for any purpose; and
this grant and any patent issued by virtue hereof
shall become void, and the title to said lands
revert to the United States, unless said com-
pany shall, within twelve months afier the
issuance of such patent, commence the bona
fide work and development of their said iron
mines, and faithfully prosecute said work for
the period of five years thereafter.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
ALABAMA LAM GRANTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 087) to renew a certain
grant of lands to the State of Alabama.
Objection was made.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
JOSEPH S. FINCII AND COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 980) for the relief of
Joseph S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. ALLISON. I object; this should go to
some committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope there will be no objection, as this has
been examined by the Committee of Claims,
and is like other cases in which relief has been
granted.
Objection was insisted upon.
METERS FOR POTOMAC WATER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1018) authorizing the es-
tablishment of water-meters for the Potomac
water, the laying of an additional water-main
from the distributing reservoir of the Wash
ington aqueduct, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that in order
to prevent unnecessary waste of Potomac
water, and in order to more fully enforce the
laws of the corporation of Washington and
Georgetown in relation to the distribution of
the same, the engineer officer in charge of the
Washington aqueduct is hereby authorized
and empowered, after giving notice, to shut
off the water when such notice shall be disre-
garded from any places where a waste of water
is occurring. The second section provides
that the use of Potomac water for mechanical
and manufacturing purposes, or for private
fountains, street and pavement washers, shall
be allowed only when in the opinion of said
engineer it will not be detrimental to the gen-
eral distribution of water in the two cities.
The third section provides that the supply
of water to all manufacturing establishments,
hotels, livery stables, and other places requir-
ing a large quantity, shall be determined by
meters erected and maintained at the expense
of the consumer ; and the said corporations of
Washington and Georgetown shall charge and
collect for the quantity so determined a price
not exceeding three cents per hundred gallons.
The fourth section provides that said engi-
neer officer shall cause to be famished and laid
from the distributing reservoir of the Washing-
ton aqueduct to Capitol Hill, in the city of
Washington, along such route as he shall de-
termine, an iron main of thirty-six inches in
diameter, connected with the present mains at
such points as he shall direct, and that the en-
tire cost thereof shall be borne proportionately
by the corporationsof Washington and George-
town, and in order to provide for such cost the
said corporations are hereby empowered and
authorized to increase the present water rates
and water taxes to such an amount as may by
them be deemed necessary. The fifth section
provides that for the purpose of enabling the
corporations aforesaid to carry out the pro-
visions of this act it shall be competent for
them to borrow, in such proportions as they
may deem necessary, a sum of money not ex-
ceeding $250,000 for the city of Washington,
and $50,000 for the city of Georgetown, re-
deemable within a period of ten years, out of
any revenue to be derived from water rents.
Mr. FOX. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will :
not insist on his objection. !
Mr. COOK. The work is to be done at the
expense of the city.
The objection was withdrawn ; and the bill
was taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
GRADING STREETS IN VICINITY OF CAPITOL.
The next business ou the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. it. No. 243) in re-
gard to grading the streets in the vicinity of
the Capitol.
The joint resolution was read. It -requires
the mayor of the city of Washington to have
t,he grades of the streets in the vicinity of ihe
Capitol so modified and established, with ihe
approval of the chief of engineers of the
Army, or the officer in charge of public build
ings, and the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, as may be necessary to effect an easy
and proper approach to the Capitol, and fur-
nish a plan of the same to Congress at its next
meeting.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times, and
passed.
GRANT OF LANDS TO RAILROADS.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (8. No. 924) making a grant of lands to
the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad Com-
pany to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Vicksburg, Mississippi, on the Mississippi
river, to the Texas State line.
Objection was made.
JOHN BACIIELDER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1047) to extend the letters-
patent granted to John Baehelder.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object.
Mr. JENCKES. Letit go to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 145) for the relief
of the first battalion heavy artillery of Massa-
chusetts volunteers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
MIDLAND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) author-
izing the Midland Pacific Railway Company to
build a bridge at or near Nebraska City, to
connect its road with other railroads.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I object.
ST. ALOYSIUS ltELIBP SOCIETY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 233) author-
izing the Secretary of War to donate certain
buildings to the St. Aloysius Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The joint resolution was j'ead. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to donate to
the St. Aloysius Relief Society of Washington,
District of Columbia, for charitable purposes,
the two frame buildings located on ground
leased by the United States, at corner ofN street
and Connecticut avenue, and now occupied as
Army offices and quarters ; provided that said
society shall remove said buildings at their own
expense when vacated by the United States.
Mr. GILF1LLAN. I ask that the joint, res-
olution be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SLOCUM. Itgives no land, but merely
two old buildings, which would not bring under
the hammer fifty dollars.
The joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table, read three times, and passed.
RICHARD P. HAMMOND.
The next business on the Speaker'® table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 220) for the
relief of Richard P. Hammond.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make some
verbal amendments to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendments are in
order.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the resolution.
