8708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
priations, I will therefore make this bill,which
is the first of the series of appropriation bills,
the text of somegeneral observations in regard
to our taxation and our expenditures, which
may be of interest, and will probably 6ave time
in the future.
Mr. SHERMAN proceeded to address the
Senate on the receipts and expenditures of the
Government and the general question of tax-
ation, and the proper mode of reducing tax-
ation. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr, CAS3ERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me for one moment?
Mr. CASSERLY, Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit a
motion that the Senate to day at half past four
o'clock take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is a stand-
ing rule on that subject.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. There is a stand-
ing rule that on alternate days there shall be
evening sessions, and this being the first alter-
nate day under that resolution there will be
an evening session commencing at half past
seven o'clock unless otherwise ordered. There-
fore it will be in order on these alternate days
to move the hour at which the recess shall be
taken, at half past four, or Eve o'clock, or any
other hour.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that rule operative to-
day or to-morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is operative
to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I under-
stand.
Mr. STJMNER- Being on alternate even-
ings, I thought it perhaps applied to to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that this is the first evening that it operates.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it applies to Mondays,
Wednesdays, and Fridays^
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will so apply
unless otherwise ordered by the Senate. The
question now is on the motion of the Senator
from Maine, that the Senate take a recess from
half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.. CASSE RLY. Mr. President, when the
Senatpr from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] announced
that he proposed to-day to take up.the chal-
lenge which he threw down some time ago in
answer to some remarks of mine against the
income tax, and declared himself ready to show
the correctness of his position in favor of re*
newing the tax, and the inaccuracy of mine,
my attention was at once aroused. I listened
to all that part of his remarks with interest and
with care. I mastconfess, however, after hav-
ing heard t|ie Senator, I did not perceive that
he succeeded either in making good his own
position or in impairing mine.
His position then, u I understood it, was
the same as it is now, that the income tax is
on general principles in its practical operation
and effects a good tax to be maintained; whole-
some in its principle, and equally wholesome
in its workings. My position was that, accord-
ing to what 1 had collected from the works of
writers on. taxation, from the speeches of
statesmen and politicians in England and
elsewhere, and from our experience in this
country, one result was clear; that though in
its theory the income tax appears to be just
and equitable, yet in practice it is most unequal
and oppressive, demoralizing in its influence on
the tax-payers, and never to be resorted to ex-
cept UDder the pressure of unusual and extraor-
dinary necessities of State.
In the former debate on this subject I took
occasion to say, as the Senator from Ohio has
observed, that though it had been the policy
of different English ministers within this cen-
tury to renew the income tax from time to
time, yet there was nothing in their views or
in their speeches to qiilitate against, my posi-
tion. I hazarded the assertion that upon ex-
amination of the speeches of Sir Robert Peel
and of Mr. Gladstone, who had been particu-
larly referred to by the Senator from Ohio, it
would be found that as often as they brought
forward this tax, they did so on grounds of
very great public necessity, and not as justified
upon ordinary principles of government or of
taxation—in fact, a war measure or its equiva-
lent, Iu more than one, yes, in many places in
the speeches of both those ministers, it will be
found thatthey have used expressions in respect
to that tax as strong as the warmest opponent
of it could desire.
The Senator from Ohio has spoken of Mr.
Mill as favoring his views. In the former de-
bate I read from the last edition of Mr. Mill's
well-known book on political economy, his
views on this subject, and they are substantially
as I stated them; that the tax, though fair in
principle, is almost impossible to be adminis-
tered equitably or justly. Indeed it is now rather
late in the day to deny that in this Mr. Mill states
very moderately the concurrent voice both of
writers and of statesmen. Writers, of course,
dealing with the theory of taxation, dwell more
upon the fairness, apparentorreal, ofthetheory,
than upon the known unfairness of the tax in
practice. Statesmen, on the contrary, dealing
with practical realities, concern themselves most
with the actual financial results of the tax. A
chancellor of the exchequer, as is most natural,
is apt to look with great indulgence upon a tax
(.hat aids his treasury, and to think little of its
practical injustice. In a stronger sense he is
" To its virtues very kind.
And to its faults a little blind."
But the sum of the whole mass of judgments
on the tax is, and will be found to be, what I
stated upon a former occasion, and what I
have undertaken now very briefly to repeat.
, Of course I cannot pretend to reply now at
any length, or^ except in the most unpremedi-
tated way, to theprepared speech of the Senator
from Ohio.upon this subject. I ought not to
sit down, however, without making my pro-
test against the assumption which runs through
his entire speech that "the clamor," as he
calls it, against the tax proceeds from the
rich. Were this so, the clamor would indeed
be "scandalous," as he says, for the rich as
a class notoriously shirk the tax. But I do
not understand the opposition to the tax as the
Senator does. In my judgment, the pressure
of the tax is felt most by men of middling and
small means, who are the body of the people
and the main-,stay of our free institutions;
and among them most of all by those of
fixed incomes and those who live upon sal-
aries derived from others.
Neither do I agree with the Senator from
Ohio that the present exemption of $1,000 is
sufficient. The Senator speaks of a surplus as
though the income tax law allowed for the
expenses of living. It does nothing of the
sort, as everybody knows. ■ How far will our
$1,000 go, I pray the Senator from Ohio,
towards satisfying the household expenses Of
aiamily even in moderate circumstances, either
in town or country ? In my judgment, that
feature of the income tax law which limits the
exemption to $1,000 is contrary to the first prin-
ciples of taxation, especially under democratic
institutions. I take it for granted that it
ought to be a fundamental idea in all our tax-
ation that the mere right of the mass of the
people to live never should be taxed.
Upon some other occasion, when as I sup-
pose the question of the renewal of the income
tax in any shape comes before the Senate
directly, I may ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for some further observations on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
from California says truly that I undertook to
demonstrate that the income tax was the most
fair and just tax that could be levied. I did
not undertake, however, to convince him. He
states my obligation a little stronger in that
respect than, I think, I undertook. I have
shown by the author of the income tax, by the
continuous history in Great Britain, by writers
on political economy, and especially by the
very authors that the Senator named himself,
that the income tax is the most just and equi-
table-that could possibly be levied.
The honorable Senator seems to think that
the income tax is only a war tax to be levied
on an emergency. Why, sir, for twenty years
it has been levied in England. England has
not been engaged in any considerable war for
twenty years. She has had one or two small
wars in that time. This year, with an over-
flowing treasury, with a surplus of £2,000,000,
or over ten million dollars—an enormous sur-
plus—they do not repeal the income tax, but
reduce it.
Mr. BAYARD. Increase or diminish it as
the war emergencies may determine.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. England for
twenty years has maintained in peace and in
war, with a surplus revenue and without it,
the income tax as a part of her system ; and
every writer on political economy who has
written for twenty years, I venture to say, has
concurred in it. I have read an extract from
the writings of Mr. Mill; and Mr. Peel, to
whom the honorable Senator from California
referred, was the person who proposed the re-
newal of the income tax in a time of peace, in
1842, in order to equalize the burdens as be-
tween taxes on property and taxes on con-
sumption; and it has been continued from
that day to this. In Tory or in Whig times,
through all the fluctuations of English politics,
every administration has concurred in keep-
ing up the income tax, whether there was a
surplus revenue or not. It is true they re-
duced it, and they have got it down now to
about two per cent., a little lower than we have
ours; but they commenced with it at three
per cent. I hope to live long enough to see it
reduced in this country below three per cent.
Perhaps we shall follow the English course,
and take off the burden from property, from
those who consume.
But the honorable Senator seems to think
nothing of an income of $1,000 a year, after
taxes are paid and rent and all the other ex-
emptions. There are seven or eight different
exemptions from income before the tax is
levied. Does my honorable friend know that
there are only two hundred and seventy thou-
sand families in this country whose income is
above $1,000 a year with these exemptions off?
I have here an official table showing that those
who pay this income-tax, after the exemptions
are made, number only two hundred and sev-
enty-three thousand all told; $nd some of those
are several members of the same family. One
family may furnish a dozen persons who pay
income tax. Probably there are not one hun-
dred and fifty thousand families in this country
who have an income of $1,000 a year. All the
farmers of the country are practically exempt
unless they have income from other sources.
I had the official figures here but did not deem
it necessary to refer to them. The income of
the great body of our population, more than
nine tenths—yes, more than nineteen twen-
tieths—is not $1,000 after deducting the ex-
emptions provided for bylaw; so that the pres-
ent income tax is only upon the wealthy classes,
comparatively. My honorable friend is mis-
taken in supposing that everybody is so rich
as to have an income of $1,000, after paying
taxes and house-rent.
Mr. STOCKTON, I should like to ask the
Senator whether the table he has is derived
from the income returns? If so, the simple
question is whether those returns can be relied
upon. That is one of the great objections that
is made to the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does injus-
tice to these income returns, because the law
allows a deduction of all that a man raises and
is consumed in his own family. That substan-
tially exempts the great mass of the farmers;
and the exemptions extend go far as really to
