1870.
THE COTOKllSSIOtfAL GLOBE.
2765
The Clerk road" as follows ;
St. TjOVIH,'December 31,18G9. *
Editors Mhsmiri Democrat: '
On rending the report of Mr. David A. Wells,
Special Commissioner of Internal Reyenne, we find
lie refers to the statement of Professor Wat(jrt}6nse,
regarding the cost of making pig iron atili«'Caron-
deln Iron Works and1 as the information upon
which Professor Waterhouse based' his statement
\v.,s hirnisiied by us, we havo since ascertained that
we were led into a number of errors wKich we desire
io correct, so that the public may not continue to
entertain erroneous opinions upon a Suhjeet (the
actual cost of making pig iron) of so much import-
ance tp our city and State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DILL. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.,
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the amendment
pro forma in order to get the opportunity to
make some remarks. Gentlemen complain
that, while iron has had the protection of a
tariff for. many years that the domestic pro-
ducers are not yet able to undersell their for-
eign competitors. They infer from this that
the claim set up that home competition will
ultimately reduce the price of the manufacture
is not well founded. Such complainants have
not properly considered how much preparation
and how large expenditures are needed before
this or any other great manufacture can be suc-
cessfully started. Iron ore and coal are uot
usually found in the same locality, and neither
in the neighborhood of a great central market.
These treasures are usually deposited in the
mountains and waste places of the earth. They
must first be connected with each other and
then with some great market by railroads or
canals. This single interest, solitary and alone,
cannot afford to construct great public high-
ways. You must wait until other enterprises
and other local interests can be combined with
it before these expensive works can be begun,
to say nothingof the time required in their con-
struction. It is true a single season and a
small amount of capital will suffice for the fur-
nace, but many years must elapse and many
millions be expended before anything at all
can be undertaken in the manufacture itself.
My own district furnishes an apt illustration
of this explanation.
Within a hundred miles from the southern
shore of Lake Erie are large deposits of bitum-
inous coal, of excellent quality and exhaust-
less in amount. Within a less distance from
the southern shore of Lake Superior are depos-
its of iron ore, yielding 66 per cent, of pare
iron, and as exhaustless as the coal. This coal
and ore are now brought together along' the
shores of the lakes. Many furnaces have been
b'. lt, the first one at Erie, only last year. They
are just beginning to throw their manufactures
upon the market, and thus cheapen it by the
additional supply. Why did they not develop
this trade twenty^ five years ago under the tariff
of 1842? Because it then cost too much in
transportation to bring the ore and ooal to-
gether, as well as to take the product to market.
Expensive lines of railway had to be constructed
from the Coal to Lake Erie and from the iron
ore to Lake Superior; harbors had to be made
or improved; a'ship-canal must be constructed
around the rapids of'St. Marie, and the St.
Clair flats had to be scooped oat; Such great
enterprises must needs have time. Biitat last,
after many years of effort,' of partial failures
and partial successes, the work ij in a meas-
ure completed. The coal and iron have been
brought together, and both connected with the
centers of the iron trade. Development and
enlargement is all that is now left to be done.
The erection of furnaces and rolling-mills, the
construction of lateral, roads to unopened beds
of ore and new fields of coal, and the enlarge-
ment of the shipping on the lakes is the work
now in hand. • - .
But it is said you have been very'slow about ^
this. That is true; and why? Capital is can- i
tious, and every year you threaten it with a
new- rate of duty. It enters into these enter-
prises thus tardily because it dreads the uncer-
tainties of politics. I asked an enterprising
capitalist of the Democratic party why he did
not build a rolling-mill. "Because,'' said he,
."if.we elect Seymour I may have to carry a
transparency in a Democratic procession, in-
scribed 'Down -path the monopoly.' That
would not be, pleasant if.,I owned the monop-
oly." Enterprise, capital, and labor have
always been in dijubt as to what the politicians
.would do. Hence they move very slowly, hes-
itate, and stop. They do not know what day
they may be crushed by half a line of tariff,
put through Congress under the cry of "Down
with the monopoly." This cry means down with
home competition and up with foreign mo-
nopoly. If you want the iron interest to pros-
per and the country to prosper with it let the
tariff alone. The up and down policy is the
worstofall policies. Better to be either "up"
or "down" than to be both by turns. Busi-
ness needs certainty, uniformity, steadiness.
Then enterprise, labor, and capital can tell in
what field of effort they may be most profitably
employed. If you decide upon the low tariff
policy, and thus give to the foreign manufac-
turer the monopoly of your market, capital and
labor will of course go abroad. If home com-
petition is to be encouraged they will come to
this country. They have a right to know where
you mean they shall work. They hjive a right
to demand that you shall not first, by a protect-
ive tariff, entice them to put up their workshops
in America, and then by free trade drive them
away.
Mr. SCHENCIi. I will say, Mr. Chair-
man—
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 rise to a parliamentary
iuquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if it is in ordor for anybody to say any-
thing on this subject except he occupies a seat
on the other side of this Hall?
Mr. CAKE. If the gentleman will come
over here he can have my seat for a time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have npt before sought
an opportunity t,o speak on pig iron.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. S'enracK] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I'shall not go for a duty
of $i! or of §5 per ton, on the one side, or a
duty of $9 per ton on the other sicje. I pro-
pose to submit a few remarks sustaining the
position taken by the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the duty on pig iroil 'ought to be
reduced, and that that redaction should be
near about 22J per cent., a little more than the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisojj] proposed
when he said he favored a reduction of the
tariff all around of 20 per cent.
I represent neither furnaces nor rolling-mills.
So far as my interest in the special interests of
my constituency may possibly be concerned,!
stand entirely uncommitted andindependent,
so far as I know. But' since this matter has
been under consideration before the committee,
pressed as they were to retain the tariff at its
present rate, $!) a ton, I have examined the
testimony brought before us in various shapes,
and have come to the conclusion that it will yet
be safe to bring the duty down to the amount
proposed by the committee, without destroy-
ing that great interest in the country, without
breaking it down so as to induce a flood of
foreign iron, the price of which will be ran up
oil us after our own manufactures are destroyed.
The present duty of $'J per ton on pig iron
has afforded, while, gold was high, more pro-
tection than now. But even at the present low
rate ofgold a great deal of iron is coming into
the country, pig iron and sciap iron, used for
purposes of our manufacture. I hold in my
hand, as a proof that even $9 per ton has not
been a prohibitory duty, a report of "the arrival
of vessels loaded altogether with pig and scrap
iron, at the single port of Philadelphia, where
if anywhere they have as much interest to keep
it out so far as it comes in competition with
their own productions. For th'e twenty days be-
ginning on the25th of March and endipgon.the
JStli of April, the last date I have, I find that
there had arrived at Philadelphia some 19 ves-
sels loaded altogether with pig and scrap iron,
bringing in of pig iron 1,369 tons, and o'f scrap
iron 2,028 tons. It is in,fact pouring into the
country under the present tariff of $9 per ton.
Now, if I thought that with the tariff at $7
per ton or at any other rate this iron would .
come into the country.ip such quantities, as to
result in breaking down our American furnaces
for the manufacture of' pig iron I would be
for retaining the duty at tne present rate. But
though much is arriving now, I still believe that
our manufacturers at homo can sustain them-
selves if the reduction proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should be made.
I have referred to this fact, for the purpose
of showing that gentlemen are altogether mis-
taken in supposing that a duty Of even $9 per
ton, much less ono of $7 per ton, as proposed
by tho committee, is going to keep iron m this
shape out of the country. Now, as to the cal-
culations upon which this proposed reduction
is based, we have had from various sources
a multitude of witnesses and avast amount of
testimony. I believe Mr. Wells, in his anxiety
to make out his oase, like others who main-
tain his position, would put the cost of manu-
facturing iron lower than it really is, while
others,are, perhaps, inclined to overrate it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Sr. But-
ler] has said that there is nothing more dan-
gerous than for any one to follow figures, for
they will be sure to lead him into trouble. So
it is with any one who follows out a theory and
undertakes to bend his statistics, or rather to
select his statistics and his figures to sustaiu
his theory, no matter how holiest he may be.
Take, for instance, that remarkable con-
clusion of Mr. Wells that in this country the
laboring man, the artisan, the man employed
in your iron and other works, is growing daily
poorer and poorer until he is reaching a worse
condition than that of the laboring man and
the artisan abroad. It may be that the statis-
tics of Mr. Wells show this; it maybe that his
tables and his proofs, selected with a view to
sustaining this theory, will givesome plausibil-
ity to it; but 1 have one answer to that proposi-
tion: why, in the name of Heaven, is the emi-
gration all from Europe to the United States?
Men have, I presume, as much sense as birds,
and birds in their flight go to those countries
■where thoy get most food and enjoy most com-
fort. If Sir. Wells's theories were true the
tide of emigration would be in the other direc-
tion.
But, sir, I am going off into a discussion of
tho general proposition, as we are all of us
perhaps apt to do, instead of confining myself
to the subject immediately before ns. The
Committee of Ways and Means have proposed
a reduction of 22| per cent, on pig iron, be-
lieving that this manufacture can stand that
reduction. We do not propose a lower rate,
because, though, gentlemen may theorize as
thoy please, whenever you reduce the duty so
low as to break down the furnaces at homo in
the expectation of" getting cheap iron abroad
you will find that these foreigners, in breaking
down the American manufacture, will, it is
true, pour in iron enough when they Jiave the
field to themselves, but the prices wiil go up
and will be under their control entirely.
[Here the hammer fell.]
- Mr. GAKl'TBLD, ofOhio. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out5." I make
this motion for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the committee to the general question
of iron as involved in this debate. The par-
agraph now under consideration illustrates and
enforces the charge I made in my speech some
days ago that there is no uniform, equitable
principle embodied in this bill. The duties on
