5598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
heirs at law of Ely Moore, deceased, late re-
' gister of the land office at Lecompton, Kansas.
The bill was read. Itrequiresthe Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the legal heirs of
Ely Moore, deceased, late register of the land
office at Lecompton, Kansas, the sum of
$2,OCR), in full of the claim made by hiswidow,
Clara Moore, as administratrix of his estate,
(who is now also deceased,) for and on ac-
count of necessary disbursements for cleric
hire made by Moore during his term of office,
which clerk hire was made essential by the
great number of contested preemption cases
heard and determined from April, 1857, to
July 18, 1859, arising in that land district.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the passage
of this bill, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
rine of its clerks, announced that the Senate
hadirisisted on its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2369) making
additional appropriations and to supply the
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years end-
ing June 30, 1870, and June 30,1871, and for
other purposes, had agreed to the conference
asked by the House, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Mr. Morrill
of Maine, Mr. Cole, and Mr. Vickers.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution of the follow-
ing title, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (H. B. No. 358) to construe
the act of March 31, 1868.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An aot (S. No. 1067) to remove all legal and
political disabilities from George H. Bier, of
Maryland.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, the
resolution of the House for printing extra copies
of the agricultural report of 1809.
PE8E MARQUETTE AND STINT RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 574) to extend the lime
for the reversion to the United States of the
lands granted by Congress to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Pfere Marquette to Flint, in said
State, and for other purposes.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
PECOS AND PLACER MINING COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 55) granting the right_of
way and lands to the Pecos and Placer Mining
and Ditch Company of New Mexico.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
CONSTRUCTION OF AN ACT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 358) to con-
strue the act of March 31, 1868.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, objected.
ST. PAUL AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 750) for continuing the St.
Paul and Sioux City railroad across the Terri-
tory of Dakota to Yankton, at a point near the
Niobrara, aud continuing the land grant in
aid of the same.
Mr. WELKER objected.
KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 81S) for the relief of the
Kentucky University.
Mr. DONLEY objected.
M. C. BUTLER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal and
political disabilities of M. C. Butler, of South
Carolina.
Mr. AMBLER objected.
MRS. ERNESTINE BECKER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1060) repealing an act grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker.
Objection was made.
CANCELLATION OF POSTAGE STAMPS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
the Postmaster General to continue to use in
the postal service a certain invention aud
device for the postmarking all mail packages,
and for the more perfect cancellation of post-
age stamps, and to make a just and equitable
compensation for the past and future use of
the same by the Post Office Department.
Mr. FERRY. This has passed the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. It
simply authorizes and directs the Postmaster
General to investigate the right and title of
claimants to the invention, device, or instru-
ments for postmarking and postage-stamp
canceling in the postal service, patented on
the 14th day of April, 1868, reissued the 23d
day of August, 1864, and again reissued the 3d
day of August, 1869, and now and for many
years past in general use in the postal service
of the United States; and to ascertain and
determine upon a fair, just, and equitable com-
pensation for the use of said invention and
device from the date of its use by the Post
Office Department; and also to ascertain and
determine upon a fair and equitable compen-
sation for its future use and value to the Post
Office Department and Government while the
said letters-patent shall continue, and to whom
it should be paid under the said letters-patent
and reissues thereof; and to report at the next
session of Congress.
Mr. AMES. I object.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT AT OMAIIA.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting con-
demned cannon for the erection of a soldiers'
monument at Omaha, Nebraska.
There was no objection, and the joint res-
olution was taken up and read a first and sec-
ond time.
The joint resolution provides that the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, author-,
ized to deliver to the Governor of the State of
Nebraska four pieces of condemned iron can-
non and twenty round shot for the erection of
a soldiers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george ii. bier.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 1067) to remove the legal and
political disabilities of George H. Bier, of Mary-
land.
The biil was read. It provides (two thirds
of each House concurring) that all legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, by reason of his participation in
the late rebellion, be, and are hereby, removed
from George H. Bier, of Maryland. _
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
m. c. butler.
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. I appeal to the gen-
tleman who objected to the bill to remove the
disabilities of M. C. Butler, of South Carolina,
to withdsaw his objection. Mr. Butler is the
candidate of the Union party for Lieutenant
Governor, and this biil is necessary to qualify
him.
Objection having been withdrawn, the bill
(S. No. 1067) to remove the political disabili-
ties of M. C. Butler, of South Carolina, was
read-three times, and passed.
REMOVAL 01'' DISABILITIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 969) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
Objection was made.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 19) to authorize the
building of a military and postal railway from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New York.
Objection was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a pointof order.
This bill was ordered by the House to be en-
grossed and read a third time. On the 16th
of March last, notbeing then actually engrossed,
it was left upon the Speaker's table, it is new-
engrossed ; and I ask whether the reading of
the title by the Clerk at the desk, which has
now taken place, does not constitute the third
reading of an engrossed bill in the parliament-
ary sense?
The SPEAKER. The point, however,
when objection was made, was whether the
bill should be taken up. The House went to
the Speaker's table to-day with the under-
standing that it required unanimous consent
for any bill to be considered. Objection hav-
ing been made, the bill is not before the House.
ENTRY Of LAND IN ARKANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R. No. 1384) to allow the school
trustees in the State of Arkansas to enter land
for school purposes under the homestead law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
PREEMPTION OI LANDS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sargent] was absent on a com-
mittee of conference, of course by leave of
the House, when the bill (H. R. No. 1980) to
extend the provisions of the preemption laws
to the Territory of Colorada, and for other
purposes, was called. The bill was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands. The
gentleman desires that it should resume its
place on the Speaker's table.
It was so ordered.
CANCELLATION OE POSTAGE-STAMPS.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Van Aueen j withdraws his objec-
tion to the joint resolution (S. No. 207) author-
izing the Postmaster General to continue to use
in the postal service a certain invention and
device for post-marking all mail packages, and
for the more perfect canceling of postage-
stamps, and to make a just and equitable com-
pensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
Mr. FERRY. I beg to state to the gentle-
man that the joint resolution authorizes no
compensation. That part of it has been ex-
jiunged by the Senate.
Mr. PAINE. 1 insist on my objection.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. PAINE. Understanding that the pro-
vision as to compensation has been struck out,
I withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, the joint
resolution was read three times, and passed.
m1w. ernestine decker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that objection is withdrawn to the bill (S. No.
1060) granting a pension to Mrs. Ernestine
Becker.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
