4654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the honor-
able Senator how many persons there are in
the Departments authorized to frank?
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to give that
information. Doubtless the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads can
give it.
Mr. NYE. The Postmaster General reports
very few, and that would be a thing that the
Department-would regulate, as to who should
frank. Indeed, the law regulates it, so that
there will be no confusion in that respect.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
surely has not forgotten his own speech, in
which he complained of the Postmaster Gen-
eral for sending out matter that was not con-
templated by the existing law.
Xvlr. NYE. But that was not done by any
of the subalterns.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Nevada, in remarks submitted by him a
day or two since, complained of the Postmaster
General himself for having abused the present
system in causing the Public Printer to print a
vast number of circulars, which were sent off,
as I understood him to say, under the frank of
the Department.
We ought to cure all such evils as this if
such evils do in fact exist. If the Postmaster
General himself has violated the existing law
it is presumable that the heads of the other
Departments permit similar abuses. And ifit
is desirable to prevent members of Congress
from perpetrating an abuse of this kind on the
public the heads of Departments ought to be
compelled to observe the same circumspection.
As before observed, I think it would be bet-
ter to pass the measure as it now stands, not
emasculate it and render it almost worthless
by the adoption of the proposed amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will only say that I hope
the amendment will not be adopted. There
is not the slightest difficulty in preparing stamps
so that there cannot be any counterfeiting or
selling of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems a
little droll that this Committee on Post Offices
are determined that the Senate shall vote in
the dark on this subject. They constantly say
that by and by they are going to bring in some
proposition which will cover the whole subject.
Are we not entitled to know what that scheme
is? Why endanger this bill, that has been be-
fore us, by puMing on a part of the scheme, and
compelling many Senators who would gladly
vote for this appropriation bill, to vote against
it, because there is a portion of it that they can-
not agree to? If this shall be ingrafted on the
bill, without any provision for the Executive
Departments, and for the documents that have
been ordered by Congress to be printed, it is
extremely likely that the bill itself will be lost.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. TIPTON. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from New l^ork, [Mr. Fex-
TON".]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Ferry, fiil-
bert, Harris McDonald. Morrill of Vermont, Xye,
Unborn, Pool, Pratt, Bice, Ross Sawyer, Scbitra,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, AVil-
liiti'i-!, and Wilson—22.
^fAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow. Unsscrly,
Chandler. Conkling, Covbett, Oraiin. Drake. Fowler,
J1;;mi;n, Harlan, Howe, Howell. MeCieery, Morrill
ot Maine, Morton. Ramsey, Robertson, Scott. Sher-
man, Sprague, Vickcrs, WiUcy, and \ates -t.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Cameron. Carpenter. Cattell, Cole, Davis, Edmunds,
Fen ton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Howard, Johnston, Itellogg, Lewis, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels, Sauisbury, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, and Warner—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, as amended.
Mr. NYE. I want another vote on my two-
cent proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. We have voted on that in
the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I think not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, we have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nevada that the
proposition for a two-cent rate of postage was
voted upon yesterday in the Senate, so that it
is not now in order. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, as
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Chair state the
question again?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, as amended by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
wili report the proposition.
The amendment, as amended, was read, it
being to insert as a new section the following:
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws giving the right to any officer orDepartinent
of the Government, or other person, to either send
or receive through the United States mails, free of
charge, any letter, document, or other mailable mat-
ter.areherebyrepealed. And this section shall take
effect on and alter the 1st day of October, 1870; but
shall not be construed as repealing the provisions in*
favor of publishers of newspapers and periodicals
contained in the second section of the act of August
30,1852, entitled "An a,ct to amend an act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and lor other purposes," passed March 3, 1851.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for that amendment:
That Congress aut horizes and legalizes stamps dis-
tinct in themselves for each of the Departments of
State, Navv, War, Interior, Post Office, Treasury,
i and other Departments and bureaus, also the post-
masters of the Senate and House of Representatives
with authority to uso tie same on all 'letters and
documents now authorized by law to be franked.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment as a substitute:
Provided further, That the provisions herein con-
tained shall apply only to Senators, members of the
House of Representatives, and deputy postmasters ;
and it shall be lawful lor any officers of the several
Departments ol'the Government entitled to the frank-
ing privilege to have in lieu of written franks the
name of the respective Departments engraved or
stamped on envelopes* which, when lawfully used by
said officers on official businoss exclusively, shall not
be subject to anv charge for postage.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that open to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. But it is in the nature of a
substitute. Is not a substitute open to amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not open
in this shape and at this time. This is an
amendment to an amendment, which is in the
lastdegree; butthepartproposedtobestricken
out can, by the uniform parliamentary law, be
amended before the vote is taken on striking
out.
Jilr. SUMNER. Then it would be in order
to move the two-cent proposition?
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The two-cent
proposition has been voted down in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it has been
voted down at one stage, and when offered as
an amendment to an amendment. Now I
propose to move it as an amendment to an-
other amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment is not amendable. The question is still
before the Senate on the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, as amended by the
Senate. That is the amendment which the
Senator from Vermont moves to amend.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course the Chair under-
stands that I do not mean to argue with the
Chair. I merely wish to state the case as I
understand it. The original proposition of the
Senator from Minnesota, as amended, is now
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. To that the Senator from
Vermont moves a substitute. Now, I ask
whether the proviso known as the two-cent pro-
viso may not be moved as an amendment to
the first proposition of the Senator from Min-
nesota, so as to perfect that before the motion
is put on striking out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jhe Chair thinks
not; because that was exactly the way it was
offered before, to perfect the proposition of the
Senator from Minnesota, and the Senate refused
to perfect it in that shape.
Mr. SUMNER. Then is it not in order to
append it to the substitute?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I had supposed it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could only be
done by unanimous consent, because this is an
amendment to an amendment, which is as far
as the rules allow amendments to be proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed that rule was
alwaj'S modified in the case of a substitute 
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
when a bill is pending and a substitute is pro-
posed for that bill it is then an amendment,
and it can be amended, and there can also be
at the same time an amendment to the original
bill and an amendment to that amendment
pending to perfect it. That is the furthest
degree to which parliamentary law allows
amendments to go. It does not apply to this
amendment at this stage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I draw the attention of
the honorable Senator from Vermont to the
fact that he has provided only for the trans-
mission of this matter in one direction. There
are officers of the Government in different
parts of the country corresponding with the
officers here. We must have some provision
for them. It was but this morning that I re-
ceived from an officer of the United States,
one of the attorneys of the United States, a
protest against the passage of a law which
would compel liim and other officers connected
with the legal administration of the United
States to pay postage upon matter which they
send to the Departments. The proposition
made by the honorable Senator from Vermont
provides for the use of certain stamped envel-
opes by certain departmental officers, but it
does not provide that they shall receive their
matter free from those that correspond with
them upon matter equally official. It is there-
fore imperfect.
Mr. MOkUILL. of Vermont. I agree with
the Senator from Delaware that that ought to
be the law; but the Senate has already voted
down a proposition which would permit these
officers to receive their communications free.
I therefore have put it in a more limited form,
to see if it can find any favor at all with the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. My honorable friend then
admits the fact that, supposing this amendment
carries, it will be but a partial success ?
