1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
276?
more than has been recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and have opposed
the reduction of the duty on wool.
I believe that the interests of the whole coun-
try will be promoted by giving ample protec-
tion to the manufactures of iron and steel in
all their branches. The duty on pig iron, as
fixed by the present tariff, is not higher than
the rate imposed upon other articles, either by
the law now in force or by this bill, and I think
it ought not to be reduced.
With gold at its present premium Scotch pig'
iron can be brought to Cleveland by way of
Montreal and sold at from $34 50 to $35 per
ton. This is no more than the cost of similar
American iron at that place, and the facts
already stated in this debate show that the same
is substantially true in regard to other kinds of
iron. If, then, the duty on pig iron is reduced
$2 per ton, as proposed by the committee, the
price of labor must be reduced or the furnaces
must he closed, and thousands of men who
labor in the mines and furnaces thro-wn out of
employment.
1 trust that in this instance and in every
other we shall discriminate in favor of our own
industry and not against it, and that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out "5" and insert "4."
Mr. Chairman, I rise as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means to make some
remarks to which I call the attention of the
chairman of that committee. The chairman
wields the whole force and power of that com-
mittee to carry his proposition. The weight
of that committee is great, and the ability of
the chairman is very great; but in the history
of the organization of the House is this fact,
which is equally great, that but for an acci-
dental change in that committee this report
on iron and steel never would have been made.
The Speaker of the House originally appointed
an honorable gentleman from Indiana, now in
my eye, by whose vote, I am sure, quite sure,
(and who, I feel, will not contradict me in
this statement,) this report upon iron and steel
never would have been made. The commit-
tee would have been at the worst 4 to 4 on
iron and steel, with another honorable gen-
tleman on that committee whose interest all
was against this report on iron and steel. I
make these remarks solely to show how acci-
dent has determined this bill and the whole
character of this report, and that the report
would have been made of a different, far differ-
ent character if the committee had continued
as originally organized by the Speaker of the
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of my colleague on the committee.
I will not answer the particular point he has
made any further than to say if the honorable
and distinguished gentleman from Indiana had
served on the Committee of Ways and Means
his clear intellect and his skill and power of
investigation would have led him to the same
general conclusion the committee arrived at,
including the member who was placed on the
committee as a substitute in his stead. But
I rise to speak on the subject of pig iron. We
have had the Special Commissioner referred
to by several gentlemen. I propose to give
him the benefit of his own statement on this
subject in the paragraph which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In respect to pig iron a reduction of the duty
, would undoubtedly bo'followed by such a reduction
in the price of the domestic product as added to
treighfs and commissions on the foreign article would
leave the relations between the domestic and foreign
producers the same substantially as at present. No
material increase of imports being probable, the loss
to the revenue would therefore be approximately
4750,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. He states there expressly
that no material increase of the imports would
follow. That is the gist of his assumption. I
suppose that nobody supposes that by reducing
the duty to $3 per ton, as the Special Commis-
sioner recommends, the domestic production
would be increased. The consequence is, mak-
ing this hypothesis, that there would be no
more pig iron brought into the country or pro-
duced in the country for use than there is now.
And the supposition that the price would come
down spontaneously, without any sort of strug-
gle between the relations of supply and demand,
simply by reason of reducing the tariff, is some-
thing which I will not occupy time to refute or
to confute.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has well answered the series of argu-
ments respecting the relations of foreign and
domestic labor by referring to the question of
immigration, which is a kind of argument
that is necessarily more satisfactory and more
conclusive than arguments drawn only from
statistics, from mere arrays of figures.
I do not agree with the bill as reported by
the committee. I was one of the members o?
the committee who did not concur in reducing
the duty from its present rate of $9 per ton to
the proposed rate of $7 per ton. I find, on
looking back over the last thirty years—taking
out of that time the period of twenty years
from 1845 to 1805—I find that the increase in
the production of pig iron under the duty of
$9 a ton fixed by the tariff of 1842, while that
tariff was in operation, was as great during that
time as during the twenty subsequent" years.
And I find also that when the tariff of $9 per
ton was restored, by the act of 1804, daring the
four years which followed the increase of pro-
duction was twice as great as it had been dur-
ing the preceding twenty years. These two
facts demonstrate to my mind beyond the pos-
sibility of cavil the effect which the tariff of
$!) per ton on pig iron has had before and the
effect it is having now on the production of this
primary and most important article of universal
consumption.
Now, when gentlemen say that they are re-
garding the interest of the consumer, they say
more than I as an advocate of the doctrine of
protection would be willing to allow. I advo-
cate the protection of the American manu-
facturer of iron, which is the subject now under
consideration, as well as of the American man-
ufacturer of other classes of goods, for the
benefit, primarily, ultimately, and all the time,
of the consumer of iron. It is important that
we should have this article in abundance, and
have it as cheap as possible ; and whatever line
of policy will give it to the Americau people
in the long run, and everything considered the
cheapest, that line of policy, in my opinion,
should be adopted. And I hesitate not to say
that a policy which will send the consumer of
iron across the water 3,000 miles away to the
hills of Wales, the mountains of Scotland, and
to Norway, Sweden, and Russia, to get the
iron, is not a policy that is calculated and de-
signed to give the American consumer ulti-
mately the cheapest article.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the two pending amendments.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by
increasing the rate 50 per cent. I desire to
say that as gentlemen have seen fit to attempt
to make an argument here in the interest_of
the laboring classes of this country by opposing
the pending bill, it will be well in passing upon
such a question to consult the experience of
the American people touching the effect upon
the industries of this country and the interests
of this people of the adoption of what is called
a tariff for revenue only in imposing impost
duties upon foreign importations. The time
was, Mr. Chairman, within the memory of at
least most of us, when one of the noblest men
that ever graced the councils of the nation was
howled down and hunted out of public life by
the cry that he was the representative of the
manufacturers and monopolists of this coun-
try. I refer to the distinguished statesman of
Kentucky, Mr. Clay, in opposition to whom
a gentleman was elevated to the Presidency
who was understood to be in favor of a mere
revenue tariff with incidental protection. It
did result that the tariff of 1842, which
imposed specific duties, as everybody knows,
in pursuance of that decision of the American
people was repealed, and in its place the Dem-
ocratic revenue tariff of 1846 was enacted into
a law. What followed ? Why, sir, this very
article which is now the subject of debate,
pig iron, went up from $25 to $35 a ton, and
from $35 to $42 50 per ton, in gold, under
the operation of that Democratic revenue,
incidental-protective tariff. Its average price
in the country, under that act, in 1854, was
$38 97J per ton. The year 1854 was signal-
ized by the fact that it witnessed the largestim-
portation into America of foreign products
which up to that date was ever known in
American history. Never before that, at any
time in the history of this country, did the
value of foreign importations approach, much
less exceed, $300,000,000, as it did that very
year.
I have intimated before in the progress of
this debate, although I have participated but
little in it, that my object in all I say and do
touching the imposition of duties upon foreign
importations is to so mold the legislation of
this country as that it will contribute the great-
est possible good to the greatest number of the
people. In my judgment the duty reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means in this in-
stance is about the same as that imposed by
the tariff act of 184G, and you have seen tho
results of that upon the country. I think
myself justified in saying that down to and
including that year, and perhaps the succeed-
ing year, under the act of 184G, tho Amer-
ican people went in debt to Great Britain
to the amount of $700,000,000 for English
iron to lay down in this country in the form
of rails upon bods of iron ore, and that too
at 40 per cent, more than iron can be man-
ufactured for to-day in this country. I do
not understand that such legislation as that
contributes to the material prosperity of
any class of producers in this country. If I
had my way, therefore, in the light of this
experience, while I would not seek to retain,
advised as I am by the report of the commit-
tee, the present duty of $9 a ton, I would
nevertheless increase this duty to the amount
of $1 per ton, rather than diminish it. Still,
I am not prepared to say, in view of all the
surroundings of the ease, that with the duty as
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
this great and important interest to tho people
ofthiscountryisgoingtofail; butlam opposed
to a reduction of the duty one cent below $7 a
ton, because I know that $7 per ton on im-
ported pig iron is no higher rate of duty than
30 per cent, ad valorem, as imposed by the act
of 1846, and yet we have seen the results and
working in our own history of that very
system of legislation in subjecting this people
to an importation exceeding any importation
in the history of the country previous to 1854;
an importation exceeding in amount, as I said
before, $300,000,000. In a little while pig
iron itself went up to $42 50 a ton, while its
average price was, as I have stated, $38 97}
per ton, in gold, and to-day you may buy it
in tho streets of your cities for $38 a ton in
currency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I dissent from my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bixbjtam] on the question whether
or not he properly represents the working
classes on this question. It has been demon-
strated over and over again here that this tariff
on iron amounts to over 100 per cent., and it
