1870.
THE CONGliESSIQNAL GLOBE.
3711
Air. SHERMAN. I ask if that is nut a way
to raise the salaries of those officers ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. It does, not
raise a salary. It simply charges against cer-
tain funds the compensation of certain officers
who are assigned to duty under those particular
heads.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator says so
that is the end of it, but my impression is
what I have suggested.
Mr. RAMSE1. There is a letter of the Post-
master General on the subject which X desire
to have read.
i Mr. SHERMAN. But the effect of charging
these salaries to a particular fund is to place
the amount of them at the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. RAMSEY. This amendment does not
increase the compensation of an officer; it does
not increase the appropriation in any respect:
it simply charges against certain funds the com-
pensation of officers who render duty in that
particular branch of service.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that the
money expended for the money-order system
is paid out on the order of the Postmaster Gen-,
eral, while the money for these regular salaries
is paid from the Treasury Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will give his
attention to the reading of the letter of the
Postmaster General he will see exactly what
is meant.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The effect is
this, I understand, that it does transfer from
one fund the amount specified here to another.
I inquire of the Senator whether that is not
the effect of it; whether it does not increase
one fund by so much as is here specified ?
Mr. RAMSEY. There are certain officers
appointed to particular duties, and there are
funds appropriated to that particular service.
The request of the Postmaster General is sim-
ply to charge the services of these officers upon
that particular fund. It is a very proper thing.
The letter will explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks that a letter be read. It
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Post Offick Depabtment,
Washington, D. C., Man 10,1870.
Sik : I bee leave to call your attention to the fol-
lowing statement in relation to expenditures on
account of the appropriation for "detecting and pre-
venting mail depredations, and for special agents."
While I have been anxiously desirous to keep
within the limits of the appropriation for the pur-
poses referred to, the demands of the Department
consequent upon the extension of the postal railway
System rendered it necessary to designate a certain
class of special agents for duty in that particular
department, as also one each for the money-order
•ad free-delivery service.
, In consequence of this, while the number of special
agents for ordinary duty has been reduced, the ex-
penditure for the current. fiscal year will probably
exceed the appropriation about fifteen thousand dol-
lars, and as I wish to avoid the necessity of asking
for a deficiency appropriation for this purpose, I
would suggest the adoption of the inclosed joint reso-
lution, or one of a similar character, by which the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment will be authorized to charge the salary andper
diem of the class of officers named to the several ap-
propriations for those branches of the postal service
to which their respective duties pertain.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOHN A J. CRESWELL,.
Postmaster General.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, Chairman Committee on
Pott Offset and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Statement.
Expenditures for special agents and mail depre-
dations:
First quarter, current fiscal year. $27,955 89
Second quarter, current fiscal year 28,252 18
Third quarter, current fiscal year... 28,817 11
$85,025 18
Average expenditure per quarter, $28,341 73.
Amount of appropriation ,$100,000 00
Expended for three quarters, as above  85,025 18
Balance of appropriation on hand  14,974 82
Average expenditure for quarter  28,341 To
Leaving deficiency forfourth quarter $13,363 91
Amount paid five superintendents of postal railway
service, salary $1,(500 each $8,000
Amount paid live, superintendents of postal
railway servico, per diem live cents  9,125
Amount paid ono special agent for money
order service:
Salary  $1,600
Per diem three cents   1,095
18,125
Amount paid one special agent free deliv-
ery:
Salary $1,600
Per diem, three cents  1,095
2,695
2,695
; Total ;   822,515 j
Being $22,515 of the appropriation of $100,000 neces-
sarily expended for services other than "detecting !
and preventing mail depredations."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As I understand,
this is in the nature of a deficiency bill to
enable the Postmaster General to transfer from
otie particular fund where he has a surplus to
another where he has a deficiency. That is
the state of things.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike the name of
transfers so much that if the Senator from Min-
nesota will propose to make a direct appro-
priation from the Treasury to pay this, I will
be willing to compromise on that; but when-
ever it is proposed to transfer an appropriation
from one head to another there is always some-
thing behind. • •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maifie. The Senator
will understand it is not & proposition from the j
Committee on Appropriations. |
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; but I suggest to the !
Senator from Minnesdta to make a direct appro-
priation to pay these agents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I- merely stated
what I understand to be the effect of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this transfer should
be made, even if there was no deficiency, be-
cause the service is rendered in that particular
Department, and it ought to be charged to that
Department. When we appropriate so much
money /each year for a particular branch of
the service, all the surplus in that branch should
be charged to it, and the appropriation should
be made with a view of meeting it; but the
practice has grown up in the Departments of
charging this kind of service to another braiicb,
and the Postmaster General is entirely right
in asking permission to have it charged to the
branch for which the service is rendered. It
will correct the j>r act ice of the Department for
the future, and it ought to W corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment, of which I have given notice, and which
I am directed, to, move by the Committee on
Foreign Relations. It is to come in as a new
.section: j
■ tiAnd beit/urtker enacted. That the President of the !
United States be authorized to organize and send out 1
one or more expeditions toward the north pole, and I
to appoint such person or persons as he may deem i
. most fitted to the command thereof; to detail any
officer of the public service to take part in the same,
and to use any public vessel that may be suitable for
the purpose, the scientific operations of the expedi-
tions to be prescribed in accordance with the advice
of the National Academy of Sciences; and that a
sum of $100,000, or such part thereof as may be neces-
sary, be hereby appropriated, out of any moneys
.in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the President.
I have uo desire to debate the proposition.
If the Senate is disposed to act on it without
debate I shall be willing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we had better
vote it down.
, The question being put, it was decided that
the amendment appeared to be rejected; and
a division was called for.
Mr. SUMNER. A.s there is to be a division.
I desire to explain to the Senate the origin of
this amendment. It will be remembered that
the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, as long ago as March
25, introduced "a joint resolution relative to
a voyage to the Arctic regions," which on
his motion was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. By that resolution it was
represented as follows. I read the preamble:
"Whereas Captain C.F. Hall is an enterprising and
experienced explorer, who has made two successful
voyages in the Arctic regions ; and whereas he de-
sires, in tho interest of science and for the material
advantage of his country, to make a voyape of ex-
ploration and discovery under tho authority and for
tho benefit of tho United States: Therefore,
"Be it resolved, <&e."
The resolve then proceeds to authorize the
President to supply asteaiher, and appropriates
$100,000 for the purpose. The committee took
this resolution into careful consideration; they
were oepupieduponitatseveral meetings; they
heard witnesses; among others, they listened
for a long time to Captain Hall and also to Dr.
Hayes, of New York, both of them eminent
Arctic explorers. The conclusion that the com-
mittee came to was that it would be iu the
interest of science and for the dignity of this
Republic that it should countenance such an
expedition; but on the evidence before it the
committee hesitated to choose between these
two explorers. They were unwilling to hold
the scales. They had before them strong tes-
timony in favor of each. For instance, 1 have
here a file of papers, all of which I will not
read. One, for instance, is a letter from the
eminent head of the Coast Survey, Mr. Peirce;
it is short, and I will read it:
Cambridge, Massachusetts,.;!®^ 9,18.70.
My I)eak Sik : I cannot understand how giving to
Captaih Hall takes away from Hayes. As to myself,
I think the cry of north pole is one of those popu-
lar notions through which much good is done to the
service of knowledge. The strong letter of Profes-
sor Henry is to me sufficient justification for the
support of Captain Hall, and it seems to me that be
is well fitted to do good work, and that the attaok
upon him is an unprovoked outrage. That he has
defects, and especially in scientific culture, is obvious
enough. But he is modest and acknowledges- his
own defeots, at the same time that he . makes claims
which seen) to me, in my poor judgment; as not un-
worthy of regard. I am not aware that any expedi-
tion has yet returned from the polar regions without
bringing back its money worth in increase of knowl-
edge, and Captain Hall's plans seem to give good
promise of just as valuable returns. But I would
also be glad to see Dr. Hayes, or any bods'else, also
embarked in_ enterprises of their own. The polar
regions are wide enongh for many explorers, and ho
harm would come from a little rivalry. Let them
both go. The cost is nothing for Buoh a nation as
our own.
Yours, very truly,
BENJAMIN PEIRCE.
J. E. Hilyaed, esq, .
That lfetter, I may say, is the voice of science
itself. Professor Peirce is known not only in
our own country but abroad as one of the most
eminent and accomplished scientific characters
that our country.has ever produced; and here
you have his testimony.
Then comes a aeries of resolutions presented
to the Senate; I think by the Senator from
New York, £Mr. Conkling,] adopted by the
Geographical Society of New York, April 11,
1870, as follows:
Rooms op the Geographical, Society,
New Yobk, April 11,1870.
The following resolutions are recommended by the
couneil, and were unanimously adopted at the regular
.monthly meeting of the society:
Resolved, That it is eminently desirable' that an
expedition should be fitted out by the Government
for Arctic exploration and the discovery of the north
pole.
Resolved, That in view of the great perils and diffi-
culties which attend any attempt to .penetrate the
Arctic in the vicinity of the pole, and as the objects
to be attained are scientific, the expedition should
be commanded by a naval officer of Arctic experi-
ence, having under hi'm an efficient scientific corps,
so that an amount of scientific information may at
least be gathered as will reflect honor upon the coun-
try and justify the fitting out of the expedition.
Resolved, That, without assuming to dictate to
whom the command of it should be intrusted, we
would call attention to the fact that Dr. Hayes has
received the gold medals of the Royal Geographical
Society of London, and the Imperial Geographical
Society of Paris, the indorsements of the Imperial
Societies of St.Petersburg, the Geographical Society
of Berlin, the Royal Academy of Sciences of Brus-
sels, and the Geographical Society of Italy, and hav-
ing in his last expedition, though provided with very
insufficient means, reached nearer to the pole than
any previous, explorer except Parry, he is, in the
opinion of this society, to be regarded as the most
