1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5599
gentleman _ from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
whether this bill has been considered by the
committee of which he is chairman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It has.
There being no objection, the bill was read
three times and passed.
sierra iron company.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that the ob-
jection to the bill (S. No. 439) to grant land to
the Sierra Iron Company is withdrawn.
Mr. DONLEY. I object.
oregon military wagon-road.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill (S. No. 952) to amendan
act entitled " An act granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military wagon-road from Albany, Oregon,
to the eastern boundary of said State " shall
be passed.
Mr. AMES. I object.
michigan land grants.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I believe the objec-
tion is withdrawn to the bill (H. li. No. 574)
to extend the time for the reversion to the
United States of the lands granted by Congress
to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, and 1 ask that it be put
upon its passage.
Mr. VANAUKEN. I object.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I am sure that if the
gentleman will hear a word he will not object.
The SPEAKER. Arguments cannot be
heard.
mkn05i0n1se reservation.
Mr. SAWYER. I believe the objection is
withdrawn to the bill (S. No. 849) to authorize
the sale of certain lands reserved for the use
of the Menomonee tribe of Indians iu the State
of Wisconsin, and I ask that it be put upon
its passage.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object.
captain john faunce and others.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the objection
is withdrawn to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
200) for the relief of Captain John Faunce
and other officers of the revenue-cutter Har-
riet Lane, which was objected to. It is really
for the relief of a woman who is very poor,
living in this city, and I think probably that
if it be understood nobody would object to it.
It is a very small amount, and goes to a poor
lady who is now crying out here at the door.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the bill been before
a committee of the House?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have agreed to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire whether
the committee have examined the subject, and
whether the bill is right or wrong ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The committee did ex-
amine it, and it is unquestionably right. I
believe it takes ยง1,200 out of the Treasury
in all.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read the first
and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it %vas accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Air. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid '
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced^ that the Senate
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80,1871,
and for other purposes, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Morp.ill of Maine, Mr. Sawyer,
and fir. Bayard, conferees on the part of the
Senate.
third arkansas cavalry.
Mr. BOLES. I believe objection is with-
drawn to Senate bill No. 1050, for the relief of
the third Arkansas cavalry; and I ask that it
be taken up and passed.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that the same bounty be granted to the
enlisted men of the third Arkansas cavalry
who were mustered out of the service on the
22d day of May, 1866, as is allowed all other
soldiers enlisted for three years or during the
war.
No objection was made; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
preemption in cql0rad0
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that objec-
tion will not now be made to the amendment
of the Senate to the House bill No. 198G, to
extend the provisions of the preemption laws
to the Territory of Colorado, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the objection I
made.
The amendment of the Senate, which was
read, adds to the bill the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
the act of Congress approved March 27,1854, entitled
"An act for the relief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes," shall be construed to relieve
such settlers from the obligation to file the proper
notices of their claims, as in other easos, and all claim-
ants of preemption rights shall hereafter, when no
shorter period ot time is now prescribed by law, make
the proper proof and payment for the lands claimed
within eighteen months after the date prescribed for
filing their declaratory notices shall havo expired:
Provided, That where said date shall have elapsed
before the passage of this act said preemptors shall
have one year alter the passage hereof in which to
make such proof and payment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the original bill be
read.
The bill was read, providing that the privi-
leges of the act of May 13, 1862, entitled " An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of the public lands in the United States,"
shall be extended to Colorado ; and that the
proviso of the first, section of the act approved
June 2, 18C2, entitled " An act to establish a
land office in the Territory of Colorado, and
for other purposes," shall be repealed. ;
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the chairman of the |
Committee on the Public Lands [Mr. Julian]
approve of this bill?
Mr. JULIAN. I objected to this bill awhile
ago under a misapprehension. The bill is a
proper one.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have the Committee on j
the Public Lands examined it? :
Mr. JULIAN. They have, and approve it. |
The amendment of the Senate was then con- |
curred in.
steam vessel contracts.
Mr. WELLS. I understand that objection
has beQti withdrawn to the passage of the joint
resolution of the Senate No. 92, for the relief
of certain contractors for the construction of
vessels of war and steam machinery.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 renew the objection.
kentucky university.
Mr. STOKES. I understand that objection
has been withdrawn to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 818, for the relief of the Ken-
tucky University.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Treasurer of the United States to pay to the
treasurer of the Kentucky University the sum
of ยง25,000, in full compensation for all claim
which could be made by said university, or by
Transylvania University, to whose rights it has
succeeded, for the occupation of their buildings
at Lexington, Kentucky, as a general hospital
for United States soldiers, and for all damages
and injury caused to said buildings and the
grounds adjacent, and to the museums and
personal property of said university ; and pro-
vides that before said sum shall be paida re-
lease in full of all claims against the Crovern-
ment of all rents and damages that might or
could be claimed by said Kentucky University,
or by Transylvania University, shall be exe-
cuted in due form by the proper officers of said
university, and deposited with the Treasurer,
along with the receipt for the sum hereby
appropriated.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to the passage of
the bill at this time.
michigan land grant.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I understand that
objection has been withdrawn to the passage
of Senate bill No. 574, to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pfere, Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the time specified in the fourth section of
the act of Congress, approved June 3, 1856,
entitled "An act making a grant of alternate
sections of the public lands to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses," for the reversion to the United States
of the lands granted by said act to aid in the
construction of a railroad from P<5re Marquette
to Flint, and for the completion of said road,
shall be further extended for the period of five
years from and after the expiration of said act.
The second section provides that the State
of Michigan may authorize the sale of sixty
sections of the land granted to aid the con-
struction of said railroad from Pfere Marquette
to Flint whenever and as often as the Governor
of said State shall certify that ten additional
miles of said railroad is completed and in run-
ning orders as a first-class railroad; and that
in case said railroad shall not be fully com-
pleted from Flint to Lake Michigan within the
time as extended by this act all the lands in-
cluded in said grant to which the right to sell
shall not then have attached shall revert to
the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
I do not think one of these railroad bills should
be given a preference over all other bills of the
same character.
military road in oregon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ore-
gon [Mr. Smith] asks the attention of the
House to a bill to which he thinks the objec-
tion is withdrawn. It is a bill (S. No. 952) to
amend an act entitled " An act granting lands
to the State of Oregon to aid in the construc-
tion of a military wagon-road from Albany,
Oregon, to the eastern boundary of said State."
The objection was renewed.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to suspend
the rules in order to put the bill on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain thai motion during this call.
bankruptcy.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] desires the attention of
the House to a bill to which he thinks objec-
tion is withdrawn. It is the bill (S. No. 1021)
iu amendment of the act entitled "An act
establishing a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States."
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the provisions of the second
clause of the thirty-third section of said act, as
amended by the first section of an act in amend-
ment thereof, approved July 27, 1808, shall not
apply to those debts from which the bankrupt
seeks a discharge which were contracted prior
to the 1st day of January, 1869. The second
section provides that the clause in the thirty-
