512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
as being in hostility to the third clause of the
fourteenth amendment.
Then, sir, in regard to the next amendment,
I think it is important, and here is the place
especially, in view of this difficulty in the con-
stitution of Virginia, now to declare and let it
go as part of the Virginia bill, that any person
who shall take or hold office in violation of the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment shall
be guilty of misdemeanor, punishable accord-
ing tq the terms of the amendment.
With these two clauses in the bill there can
never be any difficulty in regard to this section
of the Virginia constitution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Indiana wlieyther he thinks
that that will bind a Legislature of Virginia
three or four years hence ? Would the simple
passage of a resolution that they shall not so
construe that section of the constitution of the
State prevent a subsequent Legislature from
construing it as they pleased ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; it would not, but
I think my friend from Vermont does not
clearly state the position. In the first place,
the second section here referred to will be abso-
lutely under the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, because it
is in conflict with it. It is void; and the clausc
I have suggested is really of no importance
except as indicating our intention that we say
a word about it to show that we do not intend
to accept that. I propose to make this declar-
ation in this bill so that there shall be no mis-
understanding in the State of Virginia upon
that subject; and then by making it a penal
offense to hold an office in violation of the third
clause of the fourteenth amendment we cover
the whole case. That law ought to have been
passed long ago, and we cannot make it an
offense too soon to hold office in violation of
that amendment. Men are holding office now
in Kentucky and in Maryland, and in almost
every southern State, in violation of the four-
teenth amendment, and there can be no better
time or place to make it a penal offense and to
provide the punishment than in this Virginia
bill. It will be applicable not only to Virginia,
but to all the States in the Union. Taking
these two amendments of mine together, there
can be no mistaking the purpose of Congress
on that subject in the admission of Virginia;
but in point of absolute law the second section
would be void, as being in conflict with the
fourteenth article.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the si-
lence of the Democratic members of this body
during this debate has on several occasions met
with animadversions on the other side. I for
myself, sir, am tired of it, or rather I should
say I am tired of some things which constantly,
notwithstanding our silence, have been said in
reference to the party to which I belong. There
has not been a single day since this debate com-
menced that some persons, very wise in their
own conceits, have not seen proper to speak in
very disparaging terms of the Democratic party.
We have heard to-day from one Senator that
ho has more confidence in the people of Vir-
ginia than he has in the Democratic party. I
do not know what his confidence in the people
of Virginia is, but his remark evidently was
intended to mean that there was not much con-
fidence to be reposed either in the people of
Virginia or in the Democratic party. I am
exceedingly sorry that that Senator made that
remark, showing his want of confidence in the
two million Democrats in the United States.
Sir, when those two million Democrats shall
hear it, when the telegraph shall flash that news
to them, I am afraid they will be terribly pained ;
I am afraid they will weep at the idea that con-
fidence from so distinguished a source cannot
be afforded them!
Sir, it is time that such remarks had ceased
to be made in the Senate of the United States,
especially when nothing is said on our part to
provoke them. Who cares for the lack of con-
fidence thus expressed? Whom does it hurt?
Mr. President, when the party to which these
Senators belong have done as much to exalt
the character of this nation, to build it up, to
make it respected at home and honored abroad
as the Democratic party have done for it, then
it will be time for them to insist upon a com-
parison between their party and the Demo-
cratic party.
Sir, the Democratic party took the manage-
ment of your country in hand when you num-
bered but fifteen States and some five or six
million people. Every foot of territory, that
has ever been added to the United -States has
been added by Democratic administrations;
every foreign war that has been fought, hero-
ically fought, every triumph over a foreign foe
that has ever been achieved has been achieved
under a Democratic administration.
What has the Republican party done that its
advocates should taunt Democrats on this floor
with a want of fidelity to the country, or that
it should set itself up as the great judge of the
Democratic party, its policy, and its adminis-
tration of the country ? A brief existence of
eight or nine years; a land deluged in blood;
almost every acre of your soil freshened with
graves: a debt amounting to billions of dollars;
a people crushed to earth by onerous taxation,
and every safeguard of civil and constitutional
liberty set at defiance, ignored, and trampled
upon—these are its achievements!
You cannot look at the history of the Demo-
cratic party and charge it with the violations
of the fundamental law of the land of which
your party has been guilty. During the period
of sixty years in which it almost unbrokenly
administered the affairs of this Government it
never arrested one, no, not even the humblest
American citizen, and tried him on a criminal
accusation except by due process of law. No
man's house was ever invaded except under
legal authority during the whole sixty years
that the Democratic party administered the
Government; not one public press was ever
suppressed. This party of yesterday when they
came into power found a Constitution under
which the people of this country had lived for
seventy-five or eighty years in the enjoyment
of all the blessings of civil and constitutional
liberty; they found this Constitution, made by
the great and wise men who laid the founda-
tions of your Government deep in the princi-
ples of constitutional liberty, and without any
experience in so great a work they set to work
patching it up, and patching it up, until now, if
the great men who rpado it could rise from the
dead or descend from heaven, they would
scarcely recognize the instrument which they
framed.
But, sir, I will not, unless further provoked,
indulge longer in this line of remark. It is
foreign, I admit, to the subject which ought to
bo the legitimate subject under discussion. I
have only made these remarks because day
after day we in the minority in this Chamber
have heard denunciations of the party to which
it is our pride and our honor to belong by ggn-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber. Sir,
if blows hereafter are given blows shall be re-
ceived.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay the joint
resolution now before the Senate on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to say that I have
agreed to pair off on this bill with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who is indis-
posed and not able to be in his seat. If he
were here he would vote "yea," and 1 should
vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton, MeCreery, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, W'arner, Willey, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Moasrs. Antliony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Drake, Edmunds, Benton, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Mains, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Bamsey, Rfce, Robert-
son, Schnrz, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, and Wil-
S°ABSBNT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cattfell, -Chandler,
Cragin, Gilbert, Uanjlin, Harlan, Kellogg, <Morn,
Pool, Pratt, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spragtte; Thur-
man, and Yates—17.
So the motion to lay the joint resolution on
the table was agreed to. 1 •
Mr, STEWART. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed "to the consideration of the House
Virginia bill.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada now moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 783) to -admit the State , of Virginia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States. •
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its further con-
sideration.
Mr. CONKLING. How caii that be? It
has not yet been read once to-day.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is within
the power of a majority of the Senate to take
up the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Of a majority of theSenate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to Rule No. 26 :
"26. Every "bill and joint resolution shall receive
three readings previous to its being passed, and the
Presiding Officer shall give notice at each whether
it be the first, second, or third ; which reading shall
be on three different days unless the Senate unani-
mously direct otherwise."
Mr. CONKLING. This bill has not been
read to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
on its second reading. It was read on Friday
for the first time. It is now on its second
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to any further
reading.
Mr. CONKLING. It has not been read
tlie second time yet. Let it be read a second
time.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair be good
enough to explain the precise position of the
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re-
quires that a bill shall be read three several
times on three different days, except by unani-
mous consent. This bill was read a first time
on Friday. It can now be read a second time
by the consent of the bodj*.
Mr. SUMNER. " By the -consent of the
body?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
read a third time to-day except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask a division on the
question of its second reading.
Mr. STEWART. The motion is to take up
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on proceeding to the
consideration of the bill. If the Senate shall
agree to take it up it will then be on its second
reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER/ The bill is
now on its second reading, and it will be read a
second time at length.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and have in all re-
spects conformed to the requirements of the act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing the submis-
sion of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to a vote of the people, and authorizing tho
election of State officers provided by the said consti-
tutions and members of Congress." approved April
10,1869: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresenfa-
°f the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Virginia is entitled
to representation in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by adding the proviso, in the form in which
the proviso stands, as agreed to by the Sen-
ate to the Senate bill, which the Clerk will
read.
