ISM
*tm ?60tfGIfcESSI0ffAL GLOBE.
March 10,
this ofy'ection to the araeridtttetrt haveitl their
minds * way to obviate the objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not mean repudia-
tion of the debt, bat forcing the banks to ex-
change six per cent, bonds for fbur per cent,
bonds is repudiation of the difference accord-
ing to some. That is what I meant to suggest.
Mr. CONKLING. It is in some sense very
like repudiation; but I wish the Senators who
object to this amendment would state the
alternative which they propose. Now, I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to insist that under section twenty-
six of the currency act this very proceeding
■would take place—an exchange of bonds. How
is it to be made then, aud what fs to become
of the overplus of value which the old bonds
have over the new?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law provided the way
for the banks to gfct rid of their bonds: they
may sell them in the market for what they will
bring, or they may exchange them or convert
them.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the honorable
Senator will be kind enough to explain; sup-
posathey exchange them under the twenty-
sixth section of the currency act, How is the
difference to be arranged then ?
- Mr. SHERMAN. They can exchange them
under the new act. They sell them uudet the
old.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator of course
perceives the point of my question. If he has
no objection to answering it I eboald like to
fcear his answer. Ho answers the Senator from
"Michigan that section twenty-six of the cur-
rency act gives banks now the right to exchange.
. Mr. SHERMAN. To sell.
Mr. CONKLING-, Oh, no; the Senator does
not  rgue that it is to sell, because it is not
necessary to argue tuat section twenty-six en-
ables banks to sell. This section enables them
to do that, and when the Senator from Michi-
gan makes the point that they cannot arrange
by exchange, that they cannot sell except by
foing into the market first and buying other
onds and then taking up their present bonds
andselliug them, the Senator from Ohio answers
by speaking of the operation under section
twenty-six of the banking act; and what is that?
.He says, they may buy the new bonds here and
sell the old ones by wliai he denominated a
simple operation of exchange, aud (hus their
old bonds will be disposed of and the new bonds
put in their place. Now, the .question which
I ask the Senator ia, how tlien is the differ-
ence between the old bonds and the.new to be
arranged?
Mr. SCOTT. As the S^pator from New
York first directed his question to the Senator
from Indiana and myself, I will answer. My
understanding from the beginning of the dis-
cussion of this bill is that its provisions will
bring the national banks to accent of the alter-
native either of-selling their bonds at t,heir
market value and taking the proceeds, or ex-
changing their bonds for the. new bonds and
preserving their franchise utuler ;tb.e banking
law. . . . , ,
Mr. CONKLING. That is what the Senator
from Ohip denies. It is that which thea^nator
from Michigan asserts. The Senator from
Michigan says that the bill as it stand's .now
reduces the banks to this extremity: to say on
the one hand, " We surrender our franchises;
we submit to annihilation as banks,1' or On the
otlierj " Weconsenttoaccept in lieu for exam-
ple of an 1881 bond, bearing a premium of ten
or twelve per cent., and bearing six per cent,
interest, a bond which bears four and a half
percent." In arithmetic we all see what thai
operation is. The bonds of 1881 having eleven
years to live in spite of the Government,
because there is no option anterior to that, and
bearing the premium they do and an interest
of six per cent., those bonds would be repudi-
ated and confiscated by a pir exchange for a
fbur and a half per cent, bond, to the extent of
thote thin twenty-five per cent. More thau
one fourth of the obligation would be absolutely
repudiated under that operation.
Now, the Senator from Michigan affirms that
the bill as it stands presents to these banks
two alternatives, one of which I have stated,
and the other of which ia to surrender their
franchise. So says the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. The Senator from Ohio says no.
"Why does he say no ? He says section twenty-
six of the currendy act permits the banks now
to cause their bonds to be brought to the
Treasury Department and there to be exchanged
for the bonds now held by the Comptroller of
the Currency. Then I ask how in that event
is the surplus of value to be arranged ? I take
it that I know how it is'to be arranged; and I
suppose the Senator if be would could tell me
very readily how it could be arranged; and if
I am right in my supposition, I return to the
inquiry why this amendment of the Senator
from Michigan cannot be so modified, if it
requires modification, as to provide for this
renditibn of balances so as to prevent any
increase of the volume of the funded debt. I
think that is a question fair to be put and fair
to be answered. I see no reason why it can-
not be done. I think I taight make a sugges-
tion myself, but I know other Senators can do
it better.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike above all things
to take time on a ismaH matter of this kind,
which appears to ma to be as pMn as any prop-
osition can be,' atid endeavor to demonstrate
questions in arithmetic that I think a boy at
school ought to answer at once. Under the
existing banking law amy bank holding 1881
bonds, the only bonds that sell at a premium
on a specie basis, may now go into the market
and sejl those bonds of 1881 and substitute for
them either1 fire-twenties or ten-forties, or any
bonds provided for in this act; and in this way,
if a bank s6lls bonds of 1881 at 106 or 107 it
puts the money in its pocket, paying ont, how-
ever, sufficient of it at par to buy the new bonds
and put thet&ih the place of the bonds 6f 1881,
and it saves a difference of about five per cent.
The only character of b6nds that are not sub-
ject to payment now in gold by the United
States held by the banks is $59,000,000 of the
bonds of 1881. Those $59,000,000 of the bonds
of 1881 -will be withdrawn under the operation
of this sectidft and under the operation of the
currfenCy act in the ordinary cdurse. They will
be gold at a premium as nowthey can be sold
*t a premnrm id gold, and in.their place will be 1
inserted the three classes of bonds provided for
by this act, and the banks g6t the difference in
"tilue. The whole thing is done by the simplest
operation of exchange at the Treasury- Depart-
ment." The-banks will sell the bonds of 1881, !
deliverable at" the Treasury Department, and
^they "will buy of thfr Treasurer himself under
this Wet the rie^f bonds, and the difference in
Value they vHllput into their pockets.
When that is 'provided for plainly, tie it is
by e*istifcg'!aws, when a mode of exchanging
their bbnds Which are it par, for par, is pro-
vided for bj> this bill', it seems to m«thatit is
scarcely Hefceskary to try to wake it clearer.
Perhaps I do not sfee this' a£f others do; bat I
inquired of thoa&oflteere who are daily trans-
acting this business; and they say there is no
trouble about it; it is an every-day transaction.
Any bank that has bonds which will sell in the
maftet for taorethan par ingoldmay sell them,
put the ptetftittm into its pocket, and substitute
m their "place, atthe same moment that they
withdraw tiifc other bonds, these new bonds,
for which they will have to pay par in gold.
They cata bay them of the Treasurer himself
directly. That is the operation. •
Mr. MORRILL, of vermbnt. This is not
so a to all a matter as seems to be represented
by the chairman of the Finanee Committee. I
greatly fear that as it has been developed it is
something that is to mar the character of- the
United States. The questioh presented here
has two aspects: one is that the parties own-
ing these banks may sell their bonds, or they
may exchange their bonds for the new bonds
that are offered. In the latter alternative, the
banks arfe required to shoulder the loss, if
there are $346,000,000 of bonds that are to be
sold, the bonds bearing now about twelve per
cent, or a little more premium, the banks are
to lose that prefnium entirely, and beyond
that they are also to shoulder the loss that may
arise from accepting a four per cent, bond, in
my judgment not less in amount than the
premium on these 1881 bonds.
That is the corner we propose to make for
these banks by the proposition now under con-
sideration, that they are to accept of the loss
in both instances, the loss on their present
bonds and the loss on those that they take.
The other alternative is that they are to go into
the market and offer these $346,000,000 in
competition with the Government at the same
time that we are proposing to offer bonds at a
very much lower rate of interest to the public.
Now, is it wise for us to present such a ques-
tion as that to the people of the United States?
Can we create public confidence in the legisla-
tion of the United States by a proposition which
proposes to sacrifice millions of already fixed
and accumulated capital ? I do not think we
can.
Then, can we protoote the object we have in
view at the present moment of disposing of a
bond at a much lower rate of interest by offer-
ing abroad these additional $346,000,000,
which bear fifty per cent, more interest than
we propose to pay on the new bonds? It
seems to me that this is not wise. If the prop-
osition which was almost universally rejected
yesterday by the Senate had been adopted we
should certainly have bridged over some of the
evils of our present position. If we had made
a bond which there was a fair prospect would
be worth par in gold at no remote period, then
the great injustice we are now to perpetrate
might have been avoided..
There is another difficulty in relation to this
matter. We have already passed a bill author-
izing gold and silver paying banks to be estab-
lished. We have authorized them to issue
eighty per cent, of circulation npou their secur-
ities. if we adopt this bill, of course those
specie-paying banks will have no other alter-
native but-to take these identical bonds that
we now propose to issue at four per cent, as
the security for their specie notes. Will that
be safe? I do not think it wllL
Mr. President, it does seera to me that this
section, if it is to pass at all, ought to be sub-
jected to some amendment. I think that is
lair. I think it would be discreditable to the
Senate of the United States not to da it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
say a word on this amendment, rather to ascer-
tain whether I understand it than for any other
purpose. If I comprehend what has been said,
this bill proposes to let the banks sell their
present bonds, which are on deposit with the
Treasurer,- in th« market, and with the pro-
ceeds to buy the new form of bonds which aire
provided for in the bill, and - deposit them in
lieu of those which are now on deposit and
which the banks may sell. If that is so, where
in the world is there any injustice to the banks?
None, unless compelling them to throw outhe
market at once so many bonds which they will
retire in order to sell them may have the effect
to depreciate those bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it exactly. :
Mr. THURMAN. That is all that can pos-
sibly be said, aq far as I see.
Mr. POMEROY. That is one half of the
case. The other half is that yoa compel them
to sell when, they have the right to hold. They
have the right to hold the bonds of 1881 until
they mature. You have no right to take them
from them.
•. Mr. THURMAN. They have the right to
ho4d them. This bill, as I understand, does
