4656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
from the Government, and we ought to show
in the bill our determination that the reform
shall be positive and effectual. If we are allowed
stamps there will be no reform in it. If we bur-
den the Treasury hereafter with our postage we
shall do no good now by passing this measure.
Let us show in our places here that it is our
desire to carry out what we suppose to be the
wishes of the people.
1 am not so sure that this reform is going
to do any good. I rather incline to the belief
that the Postmaster General has done no good
to himself, no good to the country, but great
harm to the Republican party, by,getting up
this excitement in the country on the subject
of the franking privilege, as it is called. But
believing it to be the duty of every represent-
ative of the people to give way to public opin-
ion, whether that public opinion be real or
manufactured at the moment, I shall vote
steadily and throughout to abolish this system
entirely.
Entertaining these views, I cannot vote to
allow members of Congress to receive pay in
litu of the privilege they now enjoy of sending
matter free through the mails by signing their
names upon it. 1 have no doubt it is the inten-
tion of many to allow, in lieu of that, a certain
amount in addition to the yearly pay of mem-
bers. For one, I shall agree to no such prop-
osition. ]f that is done, there will be no
reformation. I desire that every department
of this Government, shall be responsible for
every dollar that it expends for postage as well
as for everything else ; and 1 desire that mem-
beis of Congress, in giving their votes oil this
measuie, shall show, as I wish to do, to the
people of the country that we are determined
to avoid that expenditure which the Postmaster
General so much deprecates. He says, J believe,
that the use of the franking privilege by mem-
bers of Congress is equivalent to an expend-
iture of $5,000,000. i desire to see whether
he has estimated correctly. I trust that that
55,000,000 will be saved, and that there shall
be no excuse hereafter for charging members
of Congress with adding to the expenses of the
Goveramont improperly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [.Mr. AIouiuuJ to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames,llue!:ini*liani.Onmfii'on, Car-
pentei, Cattell, Chandler, Conkhng, Corbett, Cragin,
Davi«, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Marylnml, Ham-
lin, Haikui, Harris, Howell. MeCreory, McDonald,
AioruJl ot Vermont, .Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
J'i ait, llice, llobertson, Rows, Sawyer, Schiu'2. J3pen-
,',T, Sumner. Thayer, Tiimibull, Vickers, Wit ley,
"Williams, \Vi 1 'or). and Yates—39.
AYtj—Messrs. Baravd, Boremati, Brownlow,
Cole, Drake, l.'crry, Morton, llamsey, Scott, and
Sprn ?u(s—30.
ABriEXT—-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Casserlv,
Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Howe, JuhiitLon, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Mamo, Norton, Patterson, Itevels, Saulsbury.
Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and
Warner—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota, as amended, 011 which the
yeas andtinys have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNKR. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Aw/ be it further eiwctnl. That all laws and parts
ol laws giving the right to any officer or Department
of the Government, or other person, to cither send
or receive through tile United States mails, free of
charge, any letter, document, or other mailable mat-
ter,are herebyrepoulcii. And this section shall take
eih'ct 011 and after the i^t day ot October, 1870; but
shall not, fe construed as repealing the provisions in
tavor ot puolisheis ol newspapers and periodicals
c-nit,lined in the .second section of the act ot August
30 18.r2. entitled "An act to amend an act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes," passed March 3,1831: Pro-
vided, That there shall Hereafter be no allowance
made of stamps or of increased pay to Senators or
Representatives in Congress in consequence of the
abrogation of the rightof franking letters and docu-
ments.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron,
Casserly, Cattoll, Chandler,Conklmg, Cragin, Davis,
Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilowe, Howell, MeCreery,
Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, BrownloW, Car-
penter, Cole. Corbett, Drake, Fowler, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harris, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Ostern, Pomeroy, Pool, Baee, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Vickers, Warner, and Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott, Anthony, Edmunds,
Fen ton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Patterson, Revels, Saulsoury, Stockton, Thurman,
and Tipton—18.
So the amendment, asamended, was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read the third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FfiOil THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represenla- j
tives, by Mr. Isaac Stbohm, one of its clerks, j
announced that the House had passed, without i
amendment, the following Senate bills and joint 1
resolution: j
A bill (S. No. 327) for the relief of William 1
II. Murphy, of Farrnington, Missouri; I
A bill (S. No. 513) remitting tax erroneously ;
assessed upon one hundred and fifty gallons of 1
whisky belonging to J. P. F. Camp, of Spat'- 1
tanburg, South Carolina; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) confer-
ring upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to
hear and determine the claim of William B.
Campbell.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (8. No. 99) to pay loyal
citizens in States lately in rebellion for services
in taking the United States census of 1860,
with au amendment, in which it requested the
concuirence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested :
A bill (H. R. No. 1C68) for the relief of
James Weeks, jr., of Pennsylvania;
A bill (II. R. No. 2283) for the relief of
George J. Langwoithy, of Alfred Center, New
York;
A'bill (H. R. No. 2282) for the relief of
Isaac Blochcr ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 312) donating
condemned cannon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2277) supplementary to an
act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to
disabled soldiers ;
A bill(H. R. No. 20(32) to require national
batiks going into liquidation to retire their
circulating notes;
A bill (II. R. No. 2281) for the relief of Mrs.
Jane A. Green, of Anrora, Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer;
A bill (H. It. No. 2082) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 80, 1871, and for other purposes ;
and
A bill (H. It. No. 1883) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Poetei. his Secretary,
announced that the President lrad this day
approved and signed t'ue following acts and
joint resolution:
A bill (S, No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bonds;
A bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of act ap-
proved February 5, 1867, and joint resolution
approved March 29, 18G7, relative to judges
and commissioners of election in the cities
c£ Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 927) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city of Washington ;
A bill (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, res-
trict of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 537) for the relief of James
A. Bunce;
A bill (S. No. 846) for the relief of Mary A.
Coolidge;
A bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Captain
John A. Wilcox;
A bill (S. No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary A. Filler ;
A bill (S. No. 665) for the relief of William
II. Harman ;
A bill (S. No. 8G8) for the relief of Reuben
Grindle;
A bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoolo-
gical society in the oity of Washington, District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled
''An act fixing the compensation for the bailiffs
and criers of the courts of the United States,"
approved February 22, 18G7 ;
A bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an asso-
ciation for the prevention of crufelty to animals
in the District of Columbia ; and
A joint resolution (-3. R. No. 77) authorizing
a distribution of the copies remaining in the
Depaitment of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
AJIEKD51KNTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. DRAKE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R, No.
1533) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2005) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
HOUSE IJILL3 REFEillUiD.
The following bills and joint resolution re-
ceived from the House of Representatives were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1668) for the relief of
James Weeks, jr., of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 2283) for the relief of
George J. Langworthy, of Alfred Center, New
York;
A bill (II. R. No. 2283) for the relief of
Isaac Biocher; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 342) donating
condemned cannon.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations:
jj A bill (H. R. No. 2082) making appropri-
;i ations for the support of the Army for the year
!j ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
<i and
jj A bill (II. R. No. 1883) making appropri-
!j ations for the construction, preservation, and
'j repairs of certain fortifications and other works
1: of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
jj 1871.
j! The following bills were severally road twice
I1 by their titles, and referred to the Committee
!; on Finance:
jj A bill (H. R. No. 2002) to require national
,, banks going into liquidation to retire their cir-
" culating notes;
