5600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
ninth section of said act which now reads "or
who, being a banker, merchant, or trader, has
fraudulently stopped or_ suspended and not
resumed payment of his commercial paper
within a period of fourteen days," shall be
amended so as to read as follows: "or who,
being afcanker, broker, merchant, trader, man-
ufacturer, or miner, has fraudulently stopped
payment, or who has stopped or suspended and
not resumed payment of his commercial paper
within a period of fourteen days."
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
PBNSACOLA AND BARRAMCAS RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Flor-
ida [Mr. Hamilton] thinks that objection is
withdrawn to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
246) granting the right of way to the Pensa-
cola and Barrancas Railroad Company through
the naval and military reservations near Pen-
sacola, Florida.
Mr. WARD. I object.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Objection is understood
to be withdrawn to Senate bill No. 533  
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this going back to bills which have once
been objected to is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent. Does the gentleman
object?
Air. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. A great number of gen-
tlemen having intimated to the Chair their wish
to bring matters of business before the House,
the Chair ventures to make a suggestion. In
his judgment there is time for every gentle-
man to test the sense of the House upon the
proposition in which he is interested, provided
that a viva voce vote or a count by tellers be
accepted as deciding the question, without a
call of the yeas and nays, except where the
minority opposed to a measure desire the vote
to be recorded in that way. If gentlemen who
wish to bring measures before the House in-
sist upon the yeas and nays when a proposition
lias been negatived upon the count by division
or by tellers, the rights of other gentlemen
desiring the attention of the House to their
measures will be obstructed.
tax on sales.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. II. No. 373) repealing the
tax on sales; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
m o. boiler.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to a question of order.
When the bill to remove the disabilities of M.
C. Butler, of South Carolina, was before the
House, subject to objection, I objected, speak-
ing with all the voice which I could command ;
bat it seems I was unable to make myself
heard by the Speaker. I have since that time
tried three times to get the floor to cs.ll atten-
tion to the fact that my objection was not
heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair accepts the
statement of the gentleman ; and the bill hav-
ing been objected to, it will be recalled from
the Clerk's office and returned to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of
order. My question is, whether the Speaker
can at this late hour, after a bill has been passed
removing disabilities, decide that the bill has
not been passed?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
Chair to decide. If the Chair made a mis-
take in supposing there was no objection to
the bill when in fact there was objection the
bill did not pass.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am making this point
of order to test the sense of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will test the
sense of the House on a suspension of the
rules. He will ask when it comes back whether
on a suspension of the rules the House will
pass the bill.
GEORGE CHORPENNINO.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing and passing a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) authorizing
the Postmaster General to adjust the accounts
of George Chorpenuing.
Mr. WARD. I object to any debate.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to suspend the rules.
_ The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Postmaster General be author-
ized and directed to investigate and adjust the
claims of George Chorpenning, under the first
section of an act for his relief, approved March
3, 1857, on the basis of compensation allowed,
by said act for the regular service, and the claim
growing out of the curtailment and annulment
of his contract on route No. 12801, on the basis
of his agreement with the Postmaster General
for the service; to be settled as provided for
the services named in said act of March 3,
1857, and the right of appeal from the find-
ings of the Postmaster General to the Court of
Claims is reserved and allowed to said claim-
ant, and in case of such appeal the papers pre-
sented to the Postmaster General in the case
shall be forwarded to the said court and received
in evidence therein.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
76, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Cessna and Mr.
Ward.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 28.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time; ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
m. c. butler, of south cauolfsa.
The SPEAKER. A little while ago the
Chair pronounced the bill (S. No. 1057) to
remove the legal and political disabilities of
M. C. Butler, of South Carolina, to be passed,
not hearing the objection of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SCOFlELD. I move the rules be sus-
pended and that bill passed.
The rules were suspended.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
anthracite railroad company.
Mr. CAKE. I move to suspend the rules,
and discharge the Committee on Railways and
Canals from the farther consideration of the
bill to incorporate the Government Anthracite
Railroad Company, and that the same be post-
poned to the second Thursday of December
next, and made the special order for that day.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to its being made
the special order for that day.
The SPEAKER. The suspension'of the
rules overrides the gentleman's objection, if
the House chooses so to do.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand
the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to demand the reading of the bill under
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If we are
called to act on a bill which we cannot have
read I move that the House do now adjourn. |
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it proposed to dis- i
pose of this bill to-day ? J
Mr. CAKE. No, sir; all I ask is to have
it postponed till the second Thursday of De-
cember next, and to have it made the special
order for that dav.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 98.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 move that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet to-morrow at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can entertain
but one motion to adjourn pending a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals were discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
it was made the special order for the second
Thursday in December next.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the motion to suspend
the rules was not the motion which was put to
the House; that the questions put were on a
motion to adjourn and on a motion to adjourn
over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not entertain
the motion to adjourn over. The motion to
adjourn was lost by an overwhelming vote. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the
chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means,
is recognized by the Chair.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I have no objection to the bill of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, or to make it a special
order ; but I submit that the vote on that ques-
tion was not taken. The division was on the
question of taking the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states
that the question was not understood by the
House, the Chair will again put it. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] to suspend the rules
for the purpose of discharging the Committee
on Railways and Canals from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 341, to incorpor-
ate the Government Anthracite Railroad Com-
pany, and to make it the special order for the
second Thursday of December next, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the bill be
read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend tha
rules waives the reading of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The House
has never been refused the reading of a bill
when a motion of this kind was made.
The SPEAKER. It is for the Chair to sub-
mit questions. It is for the House to decide
upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the Chair will
allow me for one moment, I think I can sug-
gest a way of solving this riddle. The assign-
ment of a bill to a special committee is, to a
certain extent, the consideration of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to con-
clude what he was saying before the gentleman
proceeds. The question before the House is
one entirely for the House to decide. The
question whether the bill shall be read is not
one upon which the Chair can rule. The Chair
is utterly careless whether the House votes
two thirds one way or two thirds the other
way. But it is the duty of the Chair to submit
a motion as lie understands a member to make
it, and it is for the House to decide whether it
will agree to that motion or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the point is
this: whether the House will decide that it will
make a special order of this bill before it hears
it read.
The SPEAKER. It is quite common for
the House to dispense with the reading of a
long bill. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faiixswoiitii] has himself lodged with the
