1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3713
Let this pass now, and if th§ other bill passes,
this officer can be provided for in that bill. I
therefore move that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives, reducing the appropriation
from $13,700 to $7,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
DIVORCES IN T1IE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 7G) concerning divorces in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to con-
cur in that amendment. This is a Senate bill
which the House has amended. The amend-
ment consists of but a few lines, and can be
read in a moment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That in addition to the causes for which the su-
premo court of tlio District of Columbia may now
grant divorces from the bonds of matrimony such
divorces may bo granted for—
First. Habitual drunkennessforthe period ofthrce
years on th&part of the party complained against.
Second. Cruelty of treatment, endangering the life
and health of tho party complaining.
Third. Willful desertion and abandonment by tho
party complained against of tho party complaining
for tho lull and uninterrupted space of two years.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that one of
the causes for divorce specified in that amend-
ment is habitual drunkenness for three years.
Has a person got to stay drunk for three years
before he can be divorced? [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It must be habitual
drunkenness. I think the Senator will not
object that it does not require enough. The
Senate bill went a little further than the House
bill, but this is substantially the Senate bill
which was recommended by the committee and
passed by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the Senator
that drunkenness is a good cause for divorce ;
but to require that the party should remain
three years drunk seems to me to be pretty
. steep. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator had
better not object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 86.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine demands the regular order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want an understanding
as to what the regular order is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will hear the Chair, and
then I will state what I think it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill, in the opinion of the Chair, is before
the Senate. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] doubts it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to suggest that the
order for evening sessions was introduced for
the sole purpose of holding night sessions with
aviewof considering the Calendar, and thereby
repeals the rule which says that the unfinished
business shall be first in order at the next ses-
sion, which is later. Every Senator knew what
the order was. That was the specific object of
the resolution, and being the specific object,
it ought not to be ruled out upon a mere spe-
cial point of order. Now, I wish to suggest to
my colleague that that is the fair construction
of it; but I will not vote against postponing it
for this evening if my colleague desires to go on
with the appropriation bill; but that he has the
right to go on by virtue of the appropriation
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 283.
bill being the unfinished business at the recess,
I insist is not what was the understanding of
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a suggestion to my colleague before the Chair
rules upon that point of order. It will be
remembered that when the Senate was about
to pass upon this order I rose in my place and
inquired whether it would supersede the appro-
priation bill in any contingency, and especially
referring to precisely such a case as is raised
now, and put the supposition to the Chair
whether if the regular order was an appro-
priation bill, as now, it would interrupt it.
Thereupon the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] said, by no means; that the appro-
priation bill would be the order, and would
continue to be the order; and thereupon I
acquiesced, saying that if that was so of course
I had no reason to complain. It was upon that
supposition that before the recess I gave the
intimation to the Senate of my desire to go on
this evening.
Mr. POMEROY. The objectof the evening
session, I think, has been truthfully stated by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] I
remember remarking wlieu I introduced the
resolution that many Senators, perhaps all
Senators, wanted some sessions when we could
go on with the Calendar; that our day sessions
would probably bo occupied with the appro-
priation bills, and that I did not see any chance
of reaching the Calendar unless we had at least
three night sessions in a week.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. Does not the
Senator remember that I made this observa- |
tion: that at this period of the session it was
not worth while, as I thought, to set aside so i
large a portion of the time of the Senate for }
the consideration of the Calendar, to the ex- \
elusion of the consideration of appropriation
bills in the evening ?
Mr. POMEROY. I remember the remark ;
and I replied to it that if the Senator from
Maine had all the days, that was all the session
we usually have, and that this night work was
to be extra to our usual labors; but I said at
the same time that if the Senator had an appro-
priation bill under consideration, and we could
finish it by spending an evening upon it, it was
always within the power of the Senate to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This bill has
been dragging so long, and as I understand my
colleague not to object, if the Senator from
Kansas will allow me, I should like to go on
with it.
Mr. HAMLIN. If my colleague will allow
me, I want to go on with his appropriation bill
to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. And so do I for to-night.
Mr. HAMLIN. But I do not want it to go
on as a matter of right; because if we agree
to that what will we do, or what may we do?
Just before the Senate adjourns every day
somebody will get up some question, or ordi-
narilv there will be some question up, and that
will be the unfinished business every day, and
we thereby avoid the whole scope and absolute
intention of that resolution.
I did not hear the remarks which my col-
league made at the time he states. They are
certainly an ample justification for him in his
conclusion ; but they are no justification to me.
I did not have any such idea of it. Now, sir,
I think, as a matter of fairness, all of us will
votp for it if my colleague will move to post-
pone this order for the purpose of continuing
the appropriation bill; so that we shall not have
trouble hereafter. That is all I want. I do
want to carry out this order, just what was the
scope and meaning of it, and it has no meaning
on earth if the other construction is to be given
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has a
very clear opinion on this subject, and differs,
lie regrets to say, with the distinguished Sen-
ator from Maine in front of the Chair, [Mr.
Hamlin.] The Senate have made their rules
themselves, and they have guarded their rules
so specifically that they state in the fifty-third
rule that—
"No motion to suspend, modify, or amend tho
rules, or any thereof, shall bo in order except on
ono day's notice in writing, specifying the rule to be
suspended" 
Mr. HAMLIN. Two days' notice was given
in this case, if the Chair plea'se.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will suspend for a moment and allow
the Chair to finish the quotation :
"specifying the rule to be suspended, modified, or
amended, and the purpose thereof."
If that language means anything it means
that if the fifteenth rule is to be suspended it
can only be by a Senator proposing an amend-
ment, to the rules that the fifteenth rule shall
be suspended. The language of the fifty-third
rule is "specifying the rule to be suspended,
modified, or amended;" and if that is not
done the rule is not suspended, modified, or
amended, and cannot be.
In the second place, the Chair will state that
while he occupies the chair, unless the Senate
make a rule specifically on that subject, lie will
not involve them in the dilemma of having on
one day at one o'clock two bills coming over
from the previous day as unfinished business,
one at half past four o'clock and one at the
end of the evening session. He would not
then know which one to call up; nor would
, the Senate, probably. The fifteenth rule con-
i templates that there shall be one bill the un-
finished business, if it has not been disposed
of at the session of the day previous, and that
that shall have priority over all other business.
This rule goes to this extent; and it has been
the every-day usage of the Senate that_ even
where a vote of two thirds—not a bare majority,
as in the case of the adoption of this resolution
of the Senator from Kansas—has made a bill
a special order, the bill that the Senate ad-
journed upon the previousevening has priority
of the bill which had been made a special order
by a two-thirds vote; and this is historical in
the Senate, that it has been the intention to
make the unfinished business have priority of
everything else the next day.
When this resolution was pending the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] when the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] was about to
speak upon it, said :
"I hope the Chair will decide that question first."
That is, what construction would be given to
this resolution, he having stated that his vote
upon the resolution would depend upon that
construction:
" Mr. Pomekoy. I may be mistaken about it. I
only want the opinion of the Chair. ,
" The Vice President. The Chair will state that
this is a resolution offered in accordance with tho
twenty-fourth and twenty-sixth rules, by which alt
resolutions lying over one day can be adopted on
any subsequent day by a majority vote of the Sen-
ate. It is not offered under the fifty-third rule,
which authorizes the amendment of tho standing
rules by propositions specifically stating tho rule to
bo amended."
Then the Chair instanced a case, which
occurs at this very time, as suggested by the
Senator from Ohio :
"If the Senate at half past four or five o'clock take
a recess, being then engaged in the consideration ot
an appropriation bill, the appropriation bill would
come up that evening after the recess, unquestion-
ably ; but a majority of the Senate could pass it oyer
without debate, leaving it in its place on the Calen-
dar, and then this resolution would become operative
for that evening's session. The Chair will state to
the Seaator from Ohio and the Senator from Kansas
that if he ruled tho other waj;, that is, that tiio
appropriation bill should remain as the unlinisheu
business at half past four o'clock lor the nextupy,
then the fifteenth rule would require whatever tho
Senate adjourned upon at ten o clock or twelve
o'clock at night, at the close of tho evening session,
also to be the unfinished business, and the benate
would have the anomaly of two bills remaining as
! unfinished business of tho day and the night session
for the next day's action, with a contest as to wine 1
one should be allowed priority. The new rule, whic h
allows any bill to be passed over without debate,
leaving it in its place on the Calendar, obviates tnw
