1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$18
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing proviso;
Provided, That before any memberof the Legisla-
ture of tai'i Suite shall take or resume his seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon the duties of his
ofiiee, he shall take, subscribe, and file intheofficoof
the secretary of State of Virginia lor permanent pres-
ervation an oathinthe tormfollowing: " I, — ,
do solemnly swear that I have never taken an oath
asamember of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof; so help me God;" ur buch person shall in
like manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath: "I, , do solemnly swear that I have,
by actof CongrcssoftheUnited States, beenrelieved
from the disabilities imposed upon me by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; so help me God;" which oathsshall be taken
before and certified by any officer lawfully author-
ized to administer oaths. And any person who shall
knowingly swear falsely in taking either of such
oaths shall be deemed guilty ot perjury, and shall bo
punished therefor by imprisonmentnot Jess than one
year and not more than ten years, and shall be fined
hot less than $1,000 and not more than 810,000. And in
all trials for any violation of this resolution the certi-
ficate of the taking of* either of said oaths, with proof
of the signature of the party accused, shall be taken
and held as conclusive evidence that sueh oath
was regularly and lawfully administered by com-
petent authority: And provided further, That ever,y
person who shall neglect for the period of thirty days
next after the passage of this resolution to take, sub-
scribe, and file such oath as aforesaid shall be deemed
andtaken, to all intents and purposes,to have vacatod
his office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is exactly the amend-
ment adopted by the Senate to the other bill,
and needs no explanation, as I suppose.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I understand this amend-
ment is as it was adopted on the motion of the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,]
in its amended form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BO EE MAN. Mr. President, while I
have very great respect for the members of the
Democratic party, I cannot say that I have so
much admiration for the history of that party.
The culmination of its history, following in its
train, brought upon the country the conse-
quences to which the Senator from Delaware
has alluded, according to my judgment. There-
fore, whatever those consequences may, be the
responsibility for them does not lie at the door
of the Republican party of the United States.
Bat, sir, I did not rise to enter inlo any dis-
cussion of the merits of the Democracy, nor
of their party organization, nor to enter into
any extended discussion of the subject under
consideration ; but in view of the relations
which I have heretofore occupied to the people
of Virginia, my acquaintance with them, my
familiarity with them, and the circumstances
which surround me, I deem it proper that I
should say something in regard to the votes
which I have already given and the votes which
I propose to give upon this bill.
I am not opposed to the admission of Vir-
ginia. On the contrary, every impulse of my
heart throbs toward that State, and I wish, at
the earliest practicable moment, to have her
represented in the Halls of Congress.^ But,
sir, the discussion of this subject during its
pendency before Congress has provoked much
feeling, which has led to the impugning of the
motives of some of the members who have seen
fit to vote to impose upon her restrictions and
precautionary provisions in her readmission
into the Union.
Now, sir, let us take it for granted that Vir-
ginia has done, in the language of the Presi-
dent, all that the reconstruction acts required
of her, and, in the language of the commanding
general in that district, that the late election
was fair and full, and that on that account
there should be no objection. In order to give
those who are opposing the position which those
with whom I associate occupy, I propose to
read what the President said, and also to have
read what the commanding general says on the
subject. The President, in his late annual
message, says:
"In Virginia the election took place on the 6th of
41st Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 33.
July',-1869. The Governor and Lieutenant Governor
elected have been installed. The Legislature met
and did all required by this resolution"—
Referring to the act of April 10, 1859—■
"and by all the reconstruction acts of Congress, and
abstained from all doubtful authority. X recom-
mend that her Senators and Representatives and the
State be tally restored to her place in the family of
States."
The commanding general, after giving in his
report of July 22,1869, the votes upon the con-
stitution and for and against some of its pro-
visions, and for the various officers whose elec-
tion took place at that time, and after stating
that the registered vote in the State was 269,518,
and that the votes cast upon the constitution
were 219,713, showing about four fifths of the
votes cast at that election of those registered in
the State, proceeds with his report as follows.
I ask the Clerk to read what I have marked.
The Secretary read as follows:
" The above results are given from the registration
and canvass returns, and a comparison of these indi-
cates that the numbers not voting were very evenly
in the ratio ol'white and colored voters; but the exact
proportion can only be determined by a elose exam-
ination of the poll-lists, and will be given hereafter.
In some of the counties, where the registration was
nearly equal, the falling off in the vote is compara,-
tively small, and not greater than is usual in other
States. The converse of this appears to be true with
regard to a number of counties where the preponder-
ance of one or the other class of voters was so largo
as to leave no doubt of the result, and thus divest
the election of the interest that usually attaches to
a close contest. The greatest falling off was in coun-
ties where the majority of white registered voters
was great est; but in tbese(mountain) counties theun-
finished harvest work no doubt had its influence in
reducing the vote. Insomo of the counties the voto
appears to have been greatly influenced, both as to
numbers and direction, bythe personal influenceand
exertions of the local candidates. Ill two counties,
whore considerable majorities wore given for Gov-
ernor Wells, but two votes in each were cast in favor
of the test-oath and disfranchising clauses.
"There are a number of complaints of fraudulent
voting, but the registration and election records fur-
nish the means ot determining, within very narrow
limits, the extent of such frauds, and are now being
examined for that purpose. The military commis-
sioners or superintendents of election for eighiy-six
counties reportthat the election was impartially and
fairly conducted in the countics under their super-
vision. In five counties they report that the vote
was influenced by intimidation and fraud, and are
now engaged in the investigation of the subject, and
eleven have not yet reported. The most numerous
complaints and most difficult of investigation are
those which relate to intimidation and fraud in keep-
ing voters away from the polls or in constraining
them to vote otherwise than as they wished. These
complaints come from both parties, and in many
instances are no doubt well founded: but the evidence
is not such as to induco the belief that they have
influenced the result, except possibly in a few cases
where the local voto was very close.
"The charges of misconduct against the election
officers are very few; remarkably so, when it is con-
sidered that the ballot is a novelty in this State, and
that the great majority of the election officers were
entirely without experience. The number of in-
formal or rejected ballots, when considered in the
same light, is also very small."
Mr. BOREMAN. In addition to what has
been read with regard to this election, I wish
to give the State of Virginia the benefit of
another fact or two in connection with that
election. I am well acquainted with the gen-
tleman who was elected Lieutenant. Governor at
that election. He is a native of Virginia, has
resided there all his life and during the late
rebellion, yet he never yielded to secession or
rebellion, butstood firm during the whole time,
and he is to-day, as I understand, in perfect
accord with the Republican party of this coun-
try on the main issues, and in him I have the
utmost confidence.
I am also acquainted, and have been for
years, with the gentleman who has been elected
speaker of the house of delegates of Virginia,
and of whom I speak in the highest regard.
He is a gentleman of integrity and respect-
ability, and in whom I have confidence. He
was a Union man also in the beginning of the
war, but may have been compromised to some
extent toward the latter part of the rebellion.
Upon this state of facts we are asked to ad-
mit Virginia unconditionally, without qualifi-
cation, without any of the safeguards which
we have deemed necessary in order to preserve
the security of the citizens of Virginia and the
peace of our country. It is alleged that it is
unjust to Virginia that she should be knocking
at the door of the Halls of Congress for admis-
sion and be kept away so long; that this'sub-
ject should be held under discussion for days
and weeks, and Virginia, after she has complied
with all these laws,, should not. be admitted at
once and promptly. It might be answered
that Virginia-was .not-expelled from these
Halls by any act of the Congress or of the peo-
ple of the United.States; that her Represent-
atives at her bidding of of their own volition
left the Congress of the United States and the
Capitol, shook the dust off their feet, and went
off and affiliated with an alien organization,
took refuge under a hostile flag, and made
war against the Government and the loyal peo-
ple of the United States, and that there is no
injustice in requiring her to wait .until the peo-
ple of the United States find their own good
time when she shall be admitted into their
councils to assist in making their laws.
It is also said that it ia invidious in the case
of Virginia to impose upon, her these restric-
tions when we have not done so in regard to
the other seceded States. The gentlemen who
make this objection seem to have forgotten
that the fourteenth amendment was not in ex-
istence when the act of June 25, 1868, was
passed ; at all events, it was not authoritatively
announced-, and Congress did not therefore in-
corporate any provision in regard to the third
section of the fourteenth amendment in the bill
of the 25th of June, 1868. - .
But since the admission of those States we
ought to have, if we have not, learned wisdom.
Since June, 1868, we have had much expe-
rience. We have seen much of what has tran-
spired in the southern country under the State
governments which haye been already organ-
ized. It became necessary for us only the
other day, in the month of December, to take
action in regard to the State of .Georgia. Al-
though Georgia had been incorporated in the
act of 1868, and had ejected her Governor and
Legislature, yet in consequence of her recu-
sancy, of her hostility to the laws and the Con-
stitution ; of the unsettled affairs in that State,
and of a determined purpose to set at defiance
the Constitution of the United States, it be-
came necessary, in the opinion of Congress,
to take action in regard-to that State; and
some of the gentlemen who are now opposing
the action which we propose by this amend-
ment to take in regard to Virginia, I appre-
hend if the record be searched, voted for that
bill in regard to Georgia in which was incor-
porated an oath, not simply in the words which
are incorporated in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, but a broader, wider, and
more extended oath, more comprehensive than
that which we propose now to incorporate in
this bill.
But, sir, as another reason, I may say, for
the introduction of this amendment, we have
had called to our attention by a decision of the
Chief Justice of the United States a fact to
which the attention of most members probably
had not been called before, the fact that the
Constitution of the United States does not
execute itself; that this fourteenth amendment
will not execute its own provisions, which pro-
hibit certain persons from holding office in the
country. In the opinion of Chief Justice Chase
in the ease of Caasar Griffin, decided May 10,
18C9, at Richmond, we find this clause:
"The object of the amendment [the third section
of the fourteenth article] is to exclude from certain
offices aeertain class of persons. Now, it is obviously
impossible to do this by a simple declaration, whether
in the Constitution or in an act of Congress, that all
persons included within a particular description shall
not hold office. For, in the very nature of-things, it
must be ascertained what particular individuals are
embraced by the definition before any sentence ox
exclusion can be made to operate. To accomplish
this ascertainment and insure effective results pro-
ceedings, evidence, decisions, and enforcement ol
decisions, more or less formal, are indispensable;
and these can only be provided' for by aot ot Con-
gress."
I understand that this decision of the Chief
Justice of the United States has called the atten-
