3714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
OO
trouble, enabling tho majority to determino whether j
to (jo on with the afternoon business or to pass it
over and devoto tho evening session to tho business
contemplated ! • tlio pending resolution.
"Mr. I'omerov. I am satisfied with tho interpret-
ation of the Cliuir.
"The Vick l'likiipkxr. The question is on agree-
ing to tho resolution, as amended.
"The resolution, as amended, was adopted."
Tho Chair gave notice at tho time to the
Somite that it was his opinion, and it Still
remains liia opitiiou, that it cannot, except the
Senate declare so by a specitic rule, be
intended that there should be two bills going
over as the unfinished business for the next
duy. The Chair will add, furthermore, that he
is informed that by the usage of the Senate
previous to his appearing in this body as its
Presiding Officer, when a day was assigned
for the business of a particular committee it
has always been held to be subject to the un-
finished business of the preceding evening, and
that had to be disposed of first before that
assignment would operate. The Chair is so
informed on that subject; he has not been
here in the discussion of these rules. The
Senator from Maine demands the regular order,
and the Chair regards the appropriation bill
as the unfinished business, unless some Sen-
ator moves to pass it over.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Maine to allow me to pass a little bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
that my friend from Nevada can ask me to do
that at the present moment.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
matter proposed to be taken up ?
Mr. STEWART. House resolution No. 86.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am apprised
that that will give rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine declines to yield.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 200) for the relief of Captain
John Faunce and other officers of the revenue-
cutter Harriet Lane; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
1 Affairs instructed me to offer an amendment
to this bill, containing the substance of what
is known here as the Osage bill. Before offer-
ing it I will inquire of the honorable Senator
from Maine, to whose committee a copy of the
bill was referred, whether that committee has
prepared any amendment, which he intends to
offer to this bill, carrying out his views on that
subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
has not been in session since that was pre-
sented ; and somehow I had got an impression
that the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs intended to offer that on another bill,
and had no purpose to offer it on this bill, but
probably on the Indian appropriation bill. I
do not know how I got that impression.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 gave notice, in pursuance
of the instructions of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, that I would offer it as an amendment
to this bill. I had two objects in view. I de-
sired to submit a few remarks on the subject,
and I also desired an early vote of the Senate
on the subject-matter of the Osago bill. The
Senator from Maine differing somewhat in j
opinion from the Committeeon Indian Affairs, |
1 thought it proper to have the matter referred j
to his committee in ample time for that com- i
mittee to act on the subject. In the event that
that committee should bring in an amendment
carrying out tho views of the honorable chair-
man of the committee, probably I would not '
offer this amendment now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was my indi-
vidual purpose if that measure should come up
to offer in the shape of an amendment such a
proposition as was submitted at the close of
my remarks, in the way of a resolution recom-
mitting the bill to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; and if such a proposition as that were
made satisfactorily to the chairman of the In-
dian Committee, I would at the earliest possi-
ble moment prepare such a proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well that the
Senator from Iowa was broken off in the midst
of some remarks he desired to submit to the
Senate on this question by points of order and
by some Senators claiming that he could not
discuss the merits of the question on a propo-
sition to take it up. I would inquire of the
Senator whether he would notpreferto submit
his bill immediately after the appropriation bill
is disposed of as a separate measure, and let it
come before the Senate upon its own merits as
a distinct proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. If I were to consult my
personal convenience I would answer the hon-
orable Senator' s interrogatory in the affirmative;
and if I were to consult my ideas of legislative
fitness I must also coincide with him in opin-
ion ; but I suppose the Senate will be pressed
for time now in order to dispose of all the busi-
ness that it may be necessary to acton between
this and the 15th of July. I therefore feel
disposed to conform to the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I will say that the next appro-
priation bill which I propose to bring before
the Senate will be the Indian appropriation bill,
and to follow this as soon as it suits the con-
venience of the Senate to give me an oppor-
tunity. I suggest to the Senator that if it
would suit his convenience as well I should
prefer that he would move his amendment on
that bill; and in the mean time I will submit
the proposition distinctly to the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator from
Iowa if he will delay for a few moments until
I offer two amendments that will lead to no
discussion ?
Mr. HARLAN. I would prefer to have this
matter disposed of in some way. I will there-
fore content myself for the present with saying
to the Senate that if it should be agreeable to
them I will move to take up what is known as
the Osage bill to-morrow morning during the
morning hour, as soon as the morning busi-
ness is disposed of, with a view of submitting
a few remarks; and also with a hope that the
bill may be disposed of by a vote of the Senate
at that time.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of my friend
whether he supposes the appropriation bill will
be out of the way to-morrow V
Mr. HARLAN. It will not come up until
one o'clock.
Mr. PATTERSON. On page 21, line four
hundred and ninety-four, I move to strike out
from the word "assistant" to the word "dol-
lars" in line four hundred and ninety-five, in-
| elusive. This simply abolishes the office of
assistant register of the Treasury. I under-
stand that this office was created at the time
, Mr. Chittenden was Register of th« Treasury,
at a time when he broke down in health; and
I although he had but little, almost nothing to
do, he has stuck ever since, and his services
are not very much needed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to strike out
"assistant register, $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. On page 32 I inove to
strike out all from line seven hundred and oixty-
four down to line seven hundred and seventy-
two, inclusive.
Mr. POMEROY. What is that?
Mr. PATTERSON. It is the branch mint at
Carson City. I move to strike out the entire
appropriation for that. mint. I know this will
be somewhat offensive to my friend from Ne-
vada, [Mr. Nye,] and I regret that 1 feel obliged
to move it. I will simply make the motion and
state the reasons for doing this, and then leave
it to the Senate. I do not care to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to strike out the
entire appropriation for the branch mint at
Carson City.
Mr. PATTERSON. During the time that
the Committee on Retrenchment were in Cali-
fornia we took some testimony on this subject.
The substance of it was that the mint was not
needed, that it was of no service to the Gov-
ernment, and not required by the interests of
the Pacific coast. 1 do not propose to discuss
this matter, but simply to read a few passages
\ from that testimony, and leave the matter
entirely to the Senate.
I will say, however, that the parties who
were before the committee, so far as I could
learn, were entirely reliable men, men who
were familiar with the work of assaying and
of refining both gold and silver, and some of
them were interested in that work in San
Francisco. That may have tinged somewhat
their testimony, or it may not. It will be for
my honorable friend from Nevada to say how
that is. One of the parties before tho com-
mittee was a Mr. It. B. Swain. This question
was asked by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman :]
" State whether, in your opinion, a branch mint at
Carson City is of any advantage to the Government
or the public?"
Then comes the answer, "In my opinion it
is not." The testimony proceeds:
"Question. State the reasons for that opinion.
" Answer. There are many reasons why, in my
opinion, a branch mint is quite useless thero. In the
first place, the production of Nevada is silver chiefly,
and there is very little coinage of silver. Wo do not -
ot>in in the mint here in Sail Francisco'all the silver
that is taken out of the gold. Gold always has silver
in it when it is found, probably one eighth is silver,
and we do not coin all that. The circulation does
not require that. Consequently it cannot be used
for coinage there for the purpose of converting the
precious metals into the coin of tho country. In my
opinion it would not be used as an assay office be-
causo it has no market for the sale of tho precious
metals, and all the mining companies have their
own assayers; what they produce they assay, ascer-
tain the value of, and send down here to San Fran-
cisco, or send East, where there is a market for it.
" Question. The silver that oomes from Nevada
simply comes in the shape of bars that have been
assayed but not refined?
"Answer. Not refined.
"Question. Do you think tbe existenceof abranch
mint there would have the effect of causing refining
to be done there ?
"Answer. No, I do not think any refining would
be done there at all. .
"Question. Thenyoucanseenousewhateverforit?
"Answer. Ishouldthinktherewasnottheslightest
use for it, even as an assay office. It might, perhaps,
be advisable for the public convenience to keep it
open as an assay office simply, inasmuch as the build-
ing is there. If there were no building there! would
i not even recommcnd the establishment of an assay
office. Merchants here do that business well them-
selves.
"Question, You see no profit to the Government
I and no particular advantage to tho public by that
h branch mint? , , _ -
! M Answer. No. They cannot possibly do any refcn-
ing there, because it is so much more expensive than
I; it would be here; and the precious metals would
I; naturally comohere for that purpose."
I will also send to the Clerk to be read a
passage on this subject.
Mr. NYE. Who is that from ?
Mr. PATTERSON. The Clerk will state
the name of the witness.
The Chief Clerk. Louis A. Garnett testi-
fied :
i "Question. State your opinion, if you have one,
i whether the public interest is likely to be promoted
! by the existence of a branch mint at Carson city,
| Novada; and if you liavo an opinion on that subject,
I state the reasons for it.
