4658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
shall say no more, having called attention to
the matter. I have no interest in it at all; but
unless there is some reason that the Senators
from Massachusetts and Maine know of which
is not apparent to me, I think the control of
this expenditure should be with the depart-
ment of justice. I have looked at the papers
casually, and I see no reason in them why the
department of justice should not have control
of this as well as the control of the prosecution
or defense of any suit in which the Government
is interested. 1 have said now all I desire to
say. I should for my own part prefer to have
this matter placed under the direction of the
Attorney General; and unless the Senator from
Massachusetts or the Senator from Maine has
some reason to give against it I think that had
better be done in order to preserve the con-
sistency of our action at the present sessions.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no personal desires
in this matter whatever, and, in the same spirit
the Senator from Illinois has adopted, I would
suggest that the change he proposes cannot be
made without departing from the previous usage
of the Government. Prom time immemorial
commissions under treaties have been consid-
ered as belonging to the Department of State.
Now, I am not prepared to say that the Sen-
ator from Illinois is not right in suggesting
that hereafter this business should be trans-
ferred to the department of justice; but I
am not aware that in the law creating that de-
partment there is any provision to that end.
1 submit, therefore, that under the circum-
stances this appropriation had better take the
ordinary course and be put in charge of the
Department of State. I do not see how you can
mako a change there without departing from the
old-time usage on the subject without any special
requirement of the new statute. If there were
such a requirement, that, of course, would set-
tle the question; but in the absence of such
requirement, it seems to me that this, accord-
ing to usage, belongs to the Department of
Slate.
I submit what I have said to the judgment
of the Senate. I do not wish to press it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Illinois is most
appropriate; and listening carefully to what
has been stated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I still think it is appropriate and ought
to be done now. It is very true as to all com-
missions arising under treaties with foreign
Governments that their execution has been
confided to the State Department. 1 under-
stand that precisely as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does. There can be no doubt about
it. But now we have established a bureau of
justice, and we have an Attorney General;
we have a Solicitor General; we have certain
assistants; and we were told, when that bill was
passed, that it was to concentrate the law busi-
ness of the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment in the department of justice. Here
comes the first case.
That the State Department should originally
have done precisely what it has was most just
and appropriate. But now it does seem to me
that that business should be transferred to the
department of justice as much as legal business
from the Navy Department, the War Depart-
ment, or the Treasury Department. There was
no solicitor in the State Department. Had
there been a solicitor of that Department we
may presume that the language in the law cre-
ating the department of justice would have had
a clause placing that solicitor under the depart-
ment of justice precisely as it did place under
it the solicitors of the various other Depart-
ments.
What were the objects of establishing the
department of justice? The Senator from
Oregon, I think—certainly some Senator—un-
dertook to demonstrate to us that there was
an economy in doing the thing, thatyou brought
the several law officers together under one head,
and there would be a saving of money. I sup-
posed the object would be to have in the de-
partment of justice a sufficient law force to do
the very duties that will in this case be done
by this special officer; and if this special officer
had not been appointed, I take it this is one
of the very cases where economy would require
that the Attorney General, or the Solicitor
General, or one of his assistants, should „be the
law officer of the Government before this very
commission.
It seems to me that if there be any economy
in establishing this law department, we had bet-
ter begin right here. Next year comes another
treaty, and the next year comes another com-
mission ; and my word for it, you will cite this
as a precedent why that should not go to the
law department, and thus incur another ex-
pense by appointing another law officer then, as
you have appointed a law officer now.
The Senator says we have never done it
before. True; but wo never had a law de-
partment through which we could do it before;
and if you omit to do it now, I suggest will .you
not omit it under the next commission which
arises, and will you not thereby be pretty cer-
tain to relinquish that economy which might
be attained by letting the officer at the head
of the law department do that which is espe-
cially required of him ? It seems to me, so and
therefore I think it is economical and just and
appropriate to do what the Senator from Illi-
nois suggests.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When this com-
munication was received the department of
justice had not been established, or if it had
it did not occur to me. It may be that the
motion made by the Senator from Illinois is
entitled to all the consideration which he thinks
it is; I do not know that it is not; nor do I
know that it will embarrass the proposition at
all to accept the amendment proposed by that
Senator. Therefore, to avoid any controversy
on this subject, I hope the Senate will con-
cur in the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois, which is, if I understand it, to strike out
the words "Secretary of State" and insert
"Attorney General."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; that is my
suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, so far as
I am concerned, from the considerations that
have been suggested, I make no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not differ from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, though I confess my inclination is in
favor of keeping the language as it is. The
Senator from Illinois will bear in mind that
the very paper which I think he has read, a
confidential communication relating to this
appropriation is addressed to the Secretary of
State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ That is. true, and that
would be so at that time. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts allow me to read a sen-
tence from the act creating the department of
justice?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The seventeenth sec-
tion declares that—■
" It shall not be lawful for the Secretary of either
of the Executive Departments to employ attorneys
or counsel at the expense of tho United States; but
such Departments when in need of counsel or advice
shall call on the department of justico, the officers of
which shall attend to the same; and no counsel or
attorney fees shall hereafter be allowed to any per-
son," &c.
That shows that it was the intention of the
act that when the Department of State or any
other Department found itself in need of coun-
sel it should call upon the department of jus-
tice ; and that would apply in this case. It
will be seen that the act seemed to contemplate
just sueh a case.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit to the Senator
that the passage he has read hardly does con-
template the present case, for, as I have already
explained, this case grows up under a treaty,
and then an act of Congress passed in pursu-
ance of the treaty. It is by virtue of that act
of Congress that this prosecuting officer is ap-
pointed, and I take it he stands on just as solid
a foundation as the Attorney General himself
or any of the functionaries mentioned in that
act. A proceeding by commission under a
treaty is peculiar. It is more or less under the
law of nations; the law of nations, the prin-
ciples of justice, and the provisions of the
treaty are its guides; and thus far they have
always been under the direction of the Depart-
ment of State. But I shall make no objection,
as the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations seems disposed to sanction the change.
I shall have nothing further to say on the sub-
ject if the Senator from Illinois, after what I
have tried to present with regard to the pecu-
liarity of cases arising under a treaty, thinks
that this case ought to fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the department of justice.
Mr. CARPENTER. The theory of the bill
which has been passed establishing the de-
partment of justice is, that that branch of
occupation ought to be abstracted from the
Departments and centered in a Department by
itself. Consequently it takes away the Solicitor
from the Treasury, it takes away law officers
from every other Department of the Govern-
ment, and centers the whole legal force of the
Government in one Department. Undoubtedly
this case comes properly, that is, it comes in the
first instance, under the supervision of the State
Department. All the cases arising under our
internal revenue come properly in the first in-
stance under the supervision of the Commis-
siojjer of Internal Revenue or the Secretary of
the Treasury. So it is with every matter in
which the Government is concerned ; it be-
longs appropriately to some one Department;
but the theory and philosophy of that bill es-
tablishing a department of justice were that
that portion of the powers and duties of each
Department should be taken away from it and
centered in one law department. In my judg-
ment it is open to real doubt whether that bill
will be found to work well in practice to the
extent that it is drawn ; whether, for instance,
the Government will find it for its interest, in
all cases where it may have important litiga-
tion pending in Maine, in New Orleans, or in
Chicago, to send an officer from Washington,
who must go there temporarily to take charge
of the case, in preference to employing an at-
torney on the spot. While that is a question to
be settled by experience, we have at this ses-
sion settled it, so far as we are concerned, in
favor of having a department to take charge
of all that business; and now this case certainly
falls within the whole spirit and scope of that
act, and I would regret to see that act enacted
upon one day and substantially departed from
the next. Let us give that system a fair trial.
If it works right, very well; if it proves ta be a
failure, we can remedy that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
liinG in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois
moves to amend the amendment by striking out
"Secretary of State" and inserting "Attor-
ney General."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Chief Clerk continued and concluded
the reading of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and according to
notice which I have already given, I move, in
line twenty-six of the first section, to make a
provision for our minister resident and consul
general at Liberia. Such a provision was
omitted in the other House. By the existing
law on the subject his pay is $4,000. Iaccord-
ingly move to amend the clause in lines twenty-
. five and twenty-six by striking out the word
