5602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 375) for the relief
of Robert Moir & Co.; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
. i he joint resolution, which was read, author*
izes the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
inquire, into and .determine the amount, if any,
ot distilled spirits contained in the bonded
warehouse of Robert Moir & Co., in the fourth
district of Illinois, on June 30,1870, and which
on said day was struck by lightning, and with
its contents destroyed; and also authorizes the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to repay
and remit the tax and assessments due and un-
paid on any such distilled spirits so destroyed.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE STAMPS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill (H. R. No. 2411) supplementary to an
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
empowers the Secretary of the Treasury to
provide by contract or otherwise for the man-
ufacture of all stamps which are or may be
required under any provision of the laws relat-
ing to internal revenue, and to establish the
form, character', material, or device thereof,
and to make regulations for the safe-keeping
and transmission of the same, the said stamps
to be furnished to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue upon his requisition in such
numbers as he may require; and provides that
any person, being an officer of the United
States, who shall by virtue of his position
receive any such stamps, and shall in any way
.misuse or misappropriate the same or any part
thereof, shall be liable on his official bond in
the same manner and to punishment to the
same extent as if he had misused or misappro-
priated a sum of public money equal in amount
to the value of said stamps.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CANNED FIStI, FRUIT, ETC.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also re-
ported back, with amendments, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the bill (S. No.
296) to amend existing laws relating to inter-
nal revenue.
The bill, which was read, provides that on
and after February 1, 1870, canned and pre-
served fish shall be exempt from internal tax.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Strike out "February 1, 1870," and insert in lieu
thereof on and after the passage of this act."
Insert after the word "fish" the words "shell-fish
meats, fruits, and vegetables."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXATION ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also, from
ihe Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back a bill (H. B. No, 2164) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes 011 distilled
spirits ftfid tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1868.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tions fifty-four and fifty-five of an act erstitlsd
"An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes,approved
J tine 20, 1864, be so amended as to allow the
same rights of drawback of internal duties on
brandy and other distilled spirits exported to
foreign countries as are by those sections
allowed on rum and alcohol.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the' third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISABILITIES 01? W. C. WHILTII0RNE.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to remove the legal and polit-
ical disabilities of W. C. Whilthorne, of Maujy
cotintv, Tennessee.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
PAY OP HOUSE PAGES.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Unsolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay out of
the contingent fund of the House, to the pages upon
the floor,an additional sum of fifty cents per diem each
from the commencement of the present session of
Congress to the 30th of June last inclusive; the said
additional sum making, with what they have already
been paid, their presentrateof pay, namoly,$2.50.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to suspend the rules
to adopt this resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution ought to
> to the Committee on Accounts.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 41, noes 50.
80 (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion was not agreed to.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY AT GALVESTON.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, introj.
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) au-
thorizing the donation of certain property of
the United States, in the city of Galveston,
State of Texas, to said city; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the build-
ings, barracks, fences, sheds,cisterns, &c.,the
properly of the United States, in the city of
Galveston, State of Texas, now abandoned by
the United States troops, and ordered sold at
public auction, under the direction of the quar-
termaster's department, be hereby donated to
the city of Galveston, for the purpose of aiding
that city, in holding agricultural, mechanical,
and horticultural fairs, and in developing the
agricultural and mechanical resources of said
State. This resolution is not to be construed
to convey any title in the grounds whereon the
said buildings, barracks, fences, sheds, cis-
terns,. &c., are situated, or any authority to
diminish or destroy the same, but they to be
held to be. returned to the United States when-
ever required for any purpose by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I have a letter from the Sec-
retary of War and the Quartermaster General
in favor of this joint resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CEMETERIES.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, by unanipious consent, reported
back a joint resolution (S. B. No. 40) author-
izing the Secretary of War to take charge of
the Gettysburg and Antietam national ceme-
teries, with the recommendation that it do
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to accept and take charge of
the soldiers' national cemetery at Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania, and the Antietam national cem-
etery at Sharpsburg, Maryland, whenever the
commissioners and trustees having charge of
said cemeteries are ready to transfer their care
to the General Government. That when the
aforementioned cemeteries are placed under"
the control of the Secretary.of War, that they
be taken care of and maintained in accordance
with the provisions of the act of Congress
entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEVENTH REGIMENT MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, by
unanimous consent, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 377) granting condemned ordnance
to the Seventh Regiment Monument Associa-
tion, of Ohio, which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of War to deliver to the
Seventh Regiment Monument Association eight
pieces of condemned cannon, to be used in or-
namenting the grounds around the monument
now being erected at Cleveland, Ohio, in mem-
ory of the officers and soldiers of the seventh
regiment Ohio volunteerinfantry who lost their
lives in the late war.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN.moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTION OF AN ACT.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 379) to
construe an act approved March 3, 1867 ;
which was read a first and second time, and'
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
"VV, C. WHILTIIORNH, OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill (H. R. No. 2412) to remove the
legal and political disabilities of W. C. Whil-
thorne, of Maury county, Tennessee.
Mr, Hawkins, i object.
Mr. ARNELL moved to. suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
83, noes 24.
Mr. IIAWKTNS demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. AKiSELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tha
table. ^
The latter motion was agreed to.
SCHOONER h. S. DAVIS.
1 OLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speakers table House bill No.
-420J, to carry into effect the decree of'the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the southern
district of &ew York in the case of the schooner
tj. b. Davis and her cargo, returned from the
Senate with an amendment.
Ihe Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as louows;
" 19,396eil"t-" 21,371 20'"a,nd ia lieu thereof insert
