1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2771
deposits of the choicest ores, will remain un-
touched; and thousands of men who are now
earning a comfortable living and are prosperous
and happy will be thrown out of employment
or driven into agricultural or other pursuits.
The value, Mr. Chairman, of the raw mate-
rial used in the manufacture of pig iron, be-
fore it is mined or touched by man, is com-
paratively so small that it would be nearly
correct to say that almost its whole manufac-
tured value represents labor, and hence there
is, perhaps, no other item in the wholelist of
articles contained in this bill upon which the
price of labor has so large and controlling an
influence. The expense of its production and
the profits resulting therefrom, whatever they
may be, are divided equitably and almost fully
among the different classes of skilled and or-
dinary operatives, the capitalist, as a conse-
quence of the strong domestic competition,
receiving but a small portion of the net profits
as a compensation for his investment, and con-
sequently the protection of this industry is pre-
eminently the protection of American labor.
I am assured, by letters received within a
few days from gentlemen of the highest re-
spectability connected with one of the oldest
and most extensive rolling-mills in Pennsyl-
vania, who are purchasers and consumers, not
manufacturers of pig metal, "that the pro-
posed reduction of $2 per ton would be very
disastrous to the iron interest; that they know
that, even at present rates, nothing but the
most skillful and economical management
keeps the furnaces in blast, because of the
very slight margins, and that very many of
them would be compelled to stop should this
reduction be made."
In the early part of the session a memorial
was presented to this House, coming from
gentlemen of unquestioned integrity and of
tlie highest character, having charge of some
of the principal furnaces in my State, in which
they contradict, and, in my judgment, totally
overthrow, the statements made by Special
Commissioner Wells in relation to the average
cost of manufacturing pig iron in Pennsylva-
nia, which have been so frequently quoted and
confidently, I might almost say exclusively,
relied upon by gentlemen advocating a reduc-
tion of the tariff upon that article upon this
floor. They say:
"Your memorialists, representing thirty-seven fur-
naces in the Lehigh, Schuylkill, and Susquehanna
regions, producing; annually in the aggregate over
270,000 tons of pig iron, respectfully ox press their be-
lie!, based upon personal knowledge, that thoabovo
statement of the Commissioner will be found upon a
critical examination erroneous, and if accepted by
Congrorsamostdangorousguideto legislation. Upon
the authority of our personal knowledge wc beg leave
to state that the average cost per ton at the furnaces
we ropresent, exclusive of any interest on capital
and the expenses of moving product from the fur-
naces, in the vear 1868 was S'2916J,and in the fust six
months of 1869, ?29 63; ivhilc we believe the cost for
the last six months will not materially vary there-
from, these prices being the average cost of the
product, embracing tho three qualities of iron,
namely, Nos. 1, 2, and 3.
" We respectfully express the conviction that the
foregoing average cost of tho productof the furnaces
we represent is below the average cost of tho product
of American furnaces collectively; it being our belief
that we represent interests having important eco-
nomic advantages."
But from this testimony, which would not
be questioned for a moment by any one having
an acquaintance with the gentlemen from
whom it comes, I turn for a moment to exam-
ine the evidence furnished us by our adver-
saries, and shall show, I think to the satisfac-
tion of any candid mind, that these figures so
often relied upon by the supporters of free-
trade, will, when properly examined, fully sup-
port the position we take. Upon the eighty-
first page of his last report Mr. Commissioner
Wells, in the first paragraph after that in which
he says "the average cost of manufacture of
pig iron in Pennsylvania is not in excess ol
$24 to $26 per ton, and in some instances
is much less," informs us that the average
market price of pig iron in Great Britain for
the year 1867-68, taking Welsh pig (the best
quality) as a standard, was £4 3s. 0d.; in our
currency $20 39, or with gold at 133, $27 12
per ton. Now, taking these figures of Mr.
Wells as a basis, let us see what that Welsh
pig iron would have cost if the British man-
ufacturer, instead of allowing his men and boys
and women such wages as' werp barely suffi-
cient to keep body and soul together, had paid
American wages, such daily wages as our
American workmen receive in Pennsylvania.
The market price, as stated by Mr. Wells,
although it is afterward assumed as the cost
price, is $27 12, from which deducting a liberal
allowance for commissions and other charges
and profits on sales of 10 per cent., $2 71,.
we have a net cost in Wales of $24 41. It is
generally conceded that 90 per cent, of the
whole value of a ton of pig iron consists of labor;
but to be entirely safe let us assume it, for the
purpose of this calculation, to be but 80 per
cent., and then wo have the value in our cur-
rency of the labor represented by a ton of this
Welsh pig iron as $19 52. The average wages
received by the workmen employed at and
about our furnaces are more than double the
wages paid in Wales; but assuming them to be
just twice as high with us, this iron would cost,
in additional price of wages, per ton, $19 52;
making the actual cost of the labor in this ton
of Welsh iron, if paid for at our rate of wages
and in our currency, $39 04. If to this he
added the 10 per cent, deducted above for
commission, &c., $2 71, we have the market
price of this sample ton of iron advanced,
solely by our increased wages, to $41 75.
The principle of protection to American in-
dustry, Mr. Chaiimiin, is familiar to the people
of Pennsylvania, and intelligent men of all
classes and of both political parlies adopt and
sustain it, not as a means of securing a sec-
tional advantage for any particular interest,
but from a well-eonsiderea conviction, which
has grown stronger with their larger expe-
rience, that the prosperity of this great nation,
t.he early development of our resources, our
future advancement, our financial and com-
mercial independence, depend mainly upon the
fostering care and judicious protection we may
extend to every branch ot trade, to all our
industrial pursuits, and to every mechanical,
manufacturing, and agricultural interest, in
which the labor and enterprise of our people
maybe brought in competition, either directly
or indirectly, with the cheaper labor and more
abundant canital of the nations of the Old
World.
Mr. ASPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. This question, it seems to me, is one
of vast importance. The question of fixing the
tariff upon an article of prime necessity which
enteis into all the manufactures of iron is one
of great interest, affecting materially the farm-
ing community of the great West. Is it neces-
sary that this duty should be fixed at $9 per
ton? Gentlemen say it is necessary in order
to afford protection to the manufacturing inter-
ests of Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. Of Missouri.
Mr. ASPER. I say it is not necessary for
the manufacturing interests of Missouri to
have a tariff of $5 per ton. Gentlemen say
it is necessary to the manufacturing interests
of Pennsylvania that this duty shall be fixed
at $9. I believe that this is not necessary.
Why? 1 have here a letter from the secretary
of the American Iron and Steel Association,
in which the product of the years I860, 1867,
1868, and 1869 is set forth as follows:
Tf>it*.
In 1866..  1,350,94-1
In 1867  1/161,62b
In 186S    1,003,000
In 1869  1,970,090
It is to be borne in mind that these are esti-
mates merely; that no such amount of iron
was manufactured in this country in those years.
But supposing it to be true that so much was
manufactured, then we pay as a bounty to this
manufacturing interest and the men who pro-
duced the pig iron of the country, which enters
into all our iron manufactures, a bonus of
from $15,000,000 to $16,000,000 "annually.
Who pays this bonus? The farming interests
of the country and all other interests using iron
in its Various forms of manufacture. In my
district, it requires us to pay at least $2' 50 for
each man, womap, and child, in order to afford
this bonus to & single manufacturing interest,
to the men who make f>ig iron. Now, I ask
the House whether this is just?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] says that by this meads we are pro-
tecting the farmer; and he claims to speak in
the interest of the farmers of the country. Sir,
the gentleman represents a district in the city
of Philadelphia which contains, perhaps, not
a single farm. The farmers of the West have
their Representatives here who can speak for
them, and who are speaking for them.
Mr. ICELLEY. I represent twenty square
miles of finely cultivated farms.
Mr. ASPER. 1 affirm, sir, that this system
benefits tho farmer in no instance. It injures
him by increasing the cost of transporting to
market his produce, his wheat, his corn, and
whatever else he produces. Everything that
raises the cost of tho rails and all the other
iron manufactures connected with railroads in-
creases the cost of transportation, and thereby
reduces the profits of the farmer. In addition
to that, the cost of every tool and implement
that he uses is increased by this duty ; and it
does not benefit him in any way. I would
like to know how the farming interests of the
country are benefited by such a duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment and upon the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. PACICE R. In order that the debate may
proceed 1 withdraw my amendment, though I
hope hereafter to have a vote upon it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
the amendment by making the duty $6.^ Mr.
Chairman, representing as 1 do a district of
Missouri in which the production of pig iron
is an important and growing industry, 1 have
every reason upon the o'ne hand to be just to
the iron producer, white upon the other hand
I would do nothing inconsistent with the views
which I have heretofore expressed upon the
subject of the tariff in general. 1 have labored
sincerely to ascertain the true condition of the
production of pig iron in t he United States. I
I have examined all the data within my reach,
have endeavored to ascertain the cost of pig
iron upon the one hand, and the probable dan-
ger of foreign competition' upon the other, hi
doing so I have met with much difficulty in the
outset, from the fact that the furnace-men of
the country have apparently made for different
purposes two different and conflicting series
of statements as to the cost of production.
A year or two ago Mr. Waterhouse, of my
city, and gentlemen of other States made in-
vestigation into the cost of production, with a
view of putting before the country statistics so
as to develop our mines—impartial statistics.
Then the furnace-men came forward from all
sections of the country and apparently tried to
rival each other, to see how low pig iron might
be produced in this country. I have examined
all those statistics carefully. I have them before
me now. I find the lowest $22 90 per ton, and
the highest $25 per ton, or an average of $23 70
per ton. But when the tariff controversy com-
menced these same furnace-men came forward
and said they were mistaken, and that, their
former figures were wrong. They comeforward
now and say the cost of production is higher. 1
have collected all the statements made lately.
1 find tho lowest $29 and the highest $32, or
an average of $30 50 per ton. Now, I will not
attempt to reconcile these conflicting state-
ments, because I could not it I would ; but as-
sumingiu this as in many other cases the truth
may be found half way between, I assume, for
the sake of argument, the cost of pig iron in t his
country averages at the present time §27 10.
