1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
ure of tha United States, except the bonds of
1881 and the ten-forty bonds, and now we pro-
pose either to let them sell their bonds in the
open money market of the world for what they
can fetch, pocket the premium they may get,
or to aid us in this great scheme to reduce
interest on the public debt by a sacrifice of one
half of one per cent. It seems to me that now
to defeat this bill, or to defeat this portion of it
which provides for the funding of $400,000,000
of the new loan, on a plea of injustice to the
national banks would endanger the whole bank-
ing system ; it would be an act of injustice to
the people of this country. And I have this
to say as to the bankers of my own State, that
to this hour, although they are affected by the
operations of this bill, and I would be the first
person above all others to whom they would
address their complaints, not one of them has
complained of the operation of this bill; but
so far as I know they have given it their hearty
assent.
Sir, the only objection made to this section
of the bill is that it is a hardship to the banks.
It is no hardship to the banks. It is a great
benefit to them. It secures the national bank-
ing system from ultimate overthrow, in my judg-
ment, and will give us a stable currency, bring
us back rapidly to specie payments, withdraw
from the currency of the world the now dis-
honored United States notes, fund them, and
retire them to give place to a circulation found ed
on Government securities. All the sacrifice
that is required of these banks is the possible
surrender on the average of one half of one
percent, of the interest upon their bonds. They
will enjoy on an average upon these bonds four
and a half per cent.; and the five per cent,
bonds themselves must by the very conditions
of this bill be worth par in gold ; and no one
can doubt that in three, or lour, or live, or six
years after this process of funding has been
completed, after the first class of bonds have
been sold at par in gold, after the batiks have
exchanged their bonds and funded them to the
amount of $345,000,000, the quantity now held
by them, the four and a half per cent, bonds,
will be at par in gold.
But there is another important thing to be
remembered, that the same provisions you are
now about to apply to the old banks are also
applicable to the new. You do by this bill sub-
stantially incorporate banks to the amount of
$356,000,000, if people desire to go into the
hanking business. You open the system, make
it free to the extent at least of the amount of
legal tenders, and there you furnish another
market for the bonds provided for in this bill,
taking the old banks and the new, and pro-
vided new banks are organized on your green-
backs now outstanding, you will have a bank-
ing basis of some $655,000,000, fiirnishing a
market for at least this amount of bonds.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that so
important a measure as this ought not to be
sacrificed merely on the plea of hardship to
the national banks, who of all other classes
have during the last six or seven years certainly
received a reasonable and fair profit on their
investments and on their enterprise. Ttiey
ought not to obstruct this measure. Their
interest is promoted by it. And I was a little
surprised at a remark made by my honorable
friend from Connecticut, who 1 know is as just
a man as lives. After declaiming against this
section because of the hardship to the national
banks, he said he could not vote for any propo-
sition that would make a national bank take a
bond bearing five, four and a half, or four per
cent, interest; and then, without reflecting upon
the position in which that placed him, he said
he would be very willing to see here the system
adopted in England, by which every trustee
would be required to invest his trust funds in
the Government securities, and in these very
Government securities. That is, he would
require trustees to invest the funds of the
widow and the orphan in these bonds bearing
a low rate ol interest; and yet he would not
compel the national banks to take this same
class of bonds.
Mr. President, it is my belief that the na-
tional banks ought to and will heartily assent
to this new arrangement. There is no hard-
ship involved in it. A defeat of this propo-
sition is the substantial defeat of the whole
funding scheme, because if we may not require
the banks which enjoy the favor and benefit of
a privilege granted by the Government, and
held at our pleasure, to take these bonds within
one year, with what face can we go into the
money markets of the world and ask the people
of the world to give us gold at par for them ?
But, sir, I do not wish to prolong this discus-
sion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it be agreeable to
the Senator to answer one question before he
sits down ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says that
all the bonds now lodged by the banks are
redeemable this year save only the ten-forties
and the 1881s. In order to test the import-
ance of this provision as a part of the funding
scheme I ask the Senator to state what the
objection, then, is as to all these bonds now
redeemable to Government going into the
market with the proposed issues and realiz-
ing funds upon them, and then paying, as
the Government would have a right to do,
the bonds thus redeemable? In that con-
nection I ask him to consider whether it is
worth while to introduce the element of
coercion for such a purpose. The theory
of the pending bill is that it will succeed ;
that the bonds can be floated at par. Very
well; then the Government is to be put in
possession of the avails of the bonds. Now,
all the bonds belonging to the banks being
redeemable, as the Senator says, except the
ten forties and the 1881s, why not take the
avails, exercise the privilege of redeeming, pay
and extinguish those bonds belonging to the
banks, and leave the banks, like individuals,
then free to pursue the business of banking or
not as they please ; and if they do pursue it, of
course the laws of trade as well as the laws of
Congress would require them to possess them-
selves of the only bonds then to be had for the
purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. My answer is very sim-
ple. So far as the five per cent, bonds are
concerned we do not thank the banks or any-
body else to take them. They will be taken
in any money market of the world. But we
do require them to take a portion of the four
and a half and a portion of the four per cent,
bonds which cannot now be sold at par in gold.
That is the onljf advantage and the only aid
they render to this whole funding scheme. We
compel them, as we have a right to do, to pur-
chase one third of these bonds at four per cent,
which we cannot now probably sell in the money
market of the world, and one third of the four
and a half per cents., and in that way we do
ask them substantially to sacrifice one half of
one per cent, on the amount of bonds they
purchase, the average rate being four and a
half per cent.; and in this way, being the hold-
ers of these three classes of bonds, we give
them circulation, give them a credit they would
not otherwise have. What is the cost of that?
What do we give them in return for this? The
right of issuing all the paper money of the
United States; the right to draw interest, not
only upon the bonds deposited withus belong-
ing to them, but the right to draw interest on
four fifths on that amount in paper money.
And the honorable Senator who now occupies
the chair complained that this enormous priv-
ilege was given to them too cheaply. He pro-
posed to make all their bonds lour per cent,
bonds; in other words, to require them to sur-
render one per cent, interest instead of one
half of one per cent, all around. There is the
question.
Mr. President, under these circumstances I
do think this bill is as favorable to the banking
system as it could possibly be. We require the
banks to surrender nothing but the small mar-
gin of one half of one per cent, on the amount
of the bonds held by them. The taking by
them of these new three classes of bonds will
tend vastly to promote the credit and the value
of these bonds. It will furnish a market for
them, and in return for that they enjoy the
privilege of furnishing paper money printed at
the expense of the United States, issued at our
cost, printed by us, guarantied by us, and use
and circulate this paper money and loan it to
their customers all over the country. It seems
to me, therefore, that any opposition to this
section ought not to come from those who rep-
resent the national banks; but if there is any
objection to it it ought to be that this privilege
ought not to be given to them so readily, but
that they ought to surrender a little more
when they are about to have so valuable a
fl'jul ch 1sg
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, since the
pending bill came in I have followed, as I mean
still to do, the committee by which it was re-
ported. My only deviation, if deviation it be,
was in case of an amendment on which the com-
mittee itself divided. I refer to the motion to
strike out the provision authorizing bonds pay-
able abroad in foreign currencies. I need not,
therefore, say that I am in favor of a funding
bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that the
committee were divided on the question to
which the Senator refers.
Mr. CONKLING. I remind the Senator
that my colleague, who is a member of the
committee, and he not alone of the committee,
voted with the majority of the Senate to elim-
inate that provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only state that they
all voted for it in committee.
Mr. CONKLING. They probably voted in
committee to allow the bill to be reported, and
they reserved their ultimate judgment to be ex-
pressed in the Senate. However that maybe,
I say it is unnecessary for me at this late stage
of the consideration, to give assurance of ray
support of a funding bill, and of this funding
bill. I expect to vote for it; but I think judi-
cious support of a measure is not illustrated
by refusing to improve it. I therefore seek
improvements, and after listening to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio I cannot see that
the present provision is just or fair; but on
! the contrary, I listened with instruction to the
honorable Senator from Maine, and I am im-
pressed with the views he stated. Let us look
at this proposition. We cannot accept it with
two faces ; it must look one way or the other.
The Senator from Ohio cannot say in one
breath that there is no hardship or constraint
in it, that it is a mere option,- that it simply
submits to the banks tha Option of doing as
they please, and at the "same time plead in its
justification that it is an act of necessity, a
measure of dafess, without which the proposed
bonds cannot be negotiated, because, as he
says, nobody will buy the four per cents, at
par unless compelled to do so.
These positions are repugnant, and one of
them must be unreal. Which one is unreal
is obvious.
The national banks are, as the honorable
Senator said, creatures of Congress. The
other Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurmait] said
: that we gave them a free choice to come into
existence or not, and that they voluntarily chose
to organize. The Senator states it mildly. We
did something even more winning than that:
we "coaxed them with a pitchfork " to organ-
ize. The honorable Senator from Maine well
said we presented to the State banks no choice
excepting " do this or diewe avowed, iu the
language of a high official, that the policy was
I to tax the State banks out of existence—that
! Was the phrase—and Congress proceeded to
