1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5603
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
amendment be non-concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' monument, trenton.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent., intro-
duced a joint resolution (EL R. No. 380) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to furnish can-
non for the soldiers' plat in the Riverview
Cemetery at Trenton, New Jersey.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to furnish six pieces of condemned
camion for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
plat in the Riverview Cemetery, at Trenton,
New Jersey.
Mr. MAYNARD objected.
Mr. HILL moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was received, read a first
and second time, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
.Mr. HILL""moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed 1o.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED ORDNANCE.
Mr. POTTER, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the soldiers'
burial plat at White Plains, New York; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to donate four
condemned cannon and twenty-eight balls to
the White Plains (New York) Veteran Asso-
ciation, to decorate the soldiers' burial plat at
that place.
The joint resolution was ordered tobe en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING TO-JIORIIOW.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a privileged motion. I move that to-morrow
the House meet at nine o'clock a. m.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a short time. In the
course of an hour and a half I think we will be
in a better position to fix the hour.
Mr. CULLOM. I would suggest that_the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
might inform the House when he expects that
the reports of the committees of conference on
the appropriation bills will be ready.
Mr. DAWES. The conference report^ are
now, except one, all ready for action. They
have been sent to the other branch, that they
may be adopted there first before they are
brought here.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion for the present.
DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield further,
and now move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the consideration of the special order, the
internal revenue bill. If the House will allow
me I will again state my object in making this
motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been stated over and
over again. I object.
The question was put on suspending the
rules; and there were—ayes 6G, noes 04.
. So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
SKA ISLANDS LANDS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report. I desire to report
back from the Committee on Reconstruction,
which is privileged to report at any time, the
bill (H. R. No. 2289) to provide for the sale
of certain lots and lands of the sea islands
of Beaufort county, South Carolina, and for
other purposes, that it may be put upon its
passage.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer a word of
explanation, that the object of the bill may be
understood. It is a bill to settle the tax titles
to lands upon the sea islands, which have been
sold for non-payment of taxes. It passed the
House in the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
reporting the bill regularly from the committee.
Mr. STILES. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to
debate the bill after it is read.
The bill was read. It provides that all
descriptions of tracts of land upon the sea
islands in the former district, now county of
Beaufort, in the State o£ South Carolina, and
of lots and blocks of land within the limits of
any town upon the same, and designations of
said lots and blocks of land heretofore made
by the United States direct tax commissioners
for the district of South Carolina, in their
valuation roll of said tracts of land and town
lots and blocks of land, and in all the proceed-
ings connected therewith for the purpose of
direct taxation of the same by virtue of and
under the authority of t.he several acts of Con-
gress entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imports to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
Augusts, 1861, and an act entitled "An act
for the collection of direct taxes in the insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June 7,
1802, and the amendment thereto, approved
February C, 1803, entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'Au act for the collection of
direct taxes in the insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other pur-
poses,"' approved June 7, 1862; and also in
all notices and advertisements of the sale of
said tracts of land and town lots, and blocks
of land, which have heretofore been sold by
said commissioners for non-payment of the
direct tax authorized by said acts, and in the
certificates of sale of the same for said non-
payment of taxes issued by said commissioners,
or any two of them, and in all proceedings
connected with said sales by virtue of and
under the authority of said acts, and also the
instructions of Abraham Lincoln, President of
the United States, dated September 10, 1863,
to said commissioners under said acts, and all
acts of said commissioners done in conformity
therewith, be, and they are hereby, legalized
and confirmed ; and that said designations of
said town lots and blocks shall be taken and
deemed in all courts and places to be descrip-
tions within the meaning of the — section
of the act approved June 7,1802; and that all
certificates of direct tax sales of said lauds,
town lots, and blocks heretofore executed by
any two of said commissioners, under the afore-
said acts of Congress, shall have the same force
and effect as those executed by the then com-
missioners under said acts.
The second section provides that all said
certificates of direct tax sales of the aforesaid
tracts of land and town lots and blocks of laud
at any time executed by virtue of atid under
the authority of the aforesaid acts, by the said
commissioners, or any two of them, shall be
evidence of title to said lands, town lots, and
blocks, in all courts and places and of the sale
thereof in manner and effect as is provided in
section seven of the act entitled "Ail act for
the collection of direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary districts within the United Stales, and
for other purposes," approved June 7, 1862 ;
and that said certificates of sale of said tracts
of land, and town lots and blocks of land, shall
only be affected as evidence of the regularity
and validity of:" title to said tracts of land, town
lots and blocks of land, by establishing the
fact that said lands, town lots, and blocks were
not subject to taxes, or that the tax had been
paid, or that the same had been redeemed
according to law.
The third section provides that all lands set
apart as school farms in St. Helena parish, in
South Carolina, under instructions from the
President, by the United States direct tax com-
missioners for South Carolina, which remain
unsold, and all lots in the city of Port Royal,
in South Carolina, subject by law to the dis-
posal of said tax commissioners, which remain
unsold, may be sold for cash at public sale by
the said commissioners, after three weeks'
notice published in not less than three news-
papers of general circulation in the cit.y of
Charleston, South Carolina: and the proceeds
of said sales shall be disposed of according to
the provisions of section eight of an act enti-
tled "Au act to continue in force and to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmeu and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses," attested July 16, 18G0.
The fourth section provides that the said tax
commissioners be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized to sell, in lots not exceeding twenty
acres each, to the freedmeu who now are, and
before the 1st day of January, 1862, were,
residents of the plantations on the sea islands
in St. Luke's parish, in South Carolina, at
SI 60 per acre, all the unredeemed lands of
said plantations.
The fifth section provides that all lands not
required to meet the provisions of the preced-
ing and following sections of this act shall be
sold by said tax commissioners to any freed-
inen who may be at the time heads of families,
or who may have honorably and faithfully
served in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps of
the United States, for not less than one dol-
lar per acre, and in parcels of not more than
forty acres to any one purchaser, except the
lands on Phillips, Capers, Fripps, Hunting, and
Harbor Islands, which may be sold at public
auction to the highest bidder therefor, and upon
the notice required by the third section of the
act, in parcels not exceeding three hundred
and twenty acres to any one purchaser.
The sixth section provides that the said tax
commissioners may sell for cash, for school
purposes, any suitable buildings, with grounds
uot exceeding twenty acres in extent, located
on any of the unredeemed lands at their dis-
posal, at prices to be fixed by said commis-
sioners.
The seventh section provides that all lands,
lots, and improvements which were sold under
section eleven of the act entitled "An act for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrection-
ary districts within the United States, and for
other purposes," approved June 7, 1802, by
said tax commissioners, to persons who had
served in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps of
the United States, upon which any deferred
installments of purchase-money shall be due
and unpaid, may be sold at public auction after
three weeks' notice in two or more newspapers
published in the said city of Charleston; but
such installments may be paid at any time
befoie such lands shall be resold.
The eighth section provides that all moneys
and bonds, or other evidences of debt, which
are or shall be held or controlled for the sup-
port or use of schools, or as the proceeds of
sales therein authorized on the sea islands,
in the parishes of St. Helena and St. Luke,
South Carolina, by the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedinen, and Aban-
doned Lands, and by the said United States
direct tax commissioners for South Carolina,
shall be invested in bouds of the United States,
which bonds shall be held in trust by the Sec-
retary of the 'Treasury, and the interest thereof
