4660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
committee, at the request also of the Depart-
ment of State, to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
twenty-three:
For expenses under the neutrality act, $20,000.
I have already given notice of this amend-
ment, and the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations is aware of its character.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. _ There is one other amend-
ment which I am directed to move, also at the
request of the Department of State. It is on
page 3, line forty-four, to insert the words
"one hundred and" before the word "fifty;1'
so that the clause will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, and all contingent expenses of all missions
abroad, $150,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire of the Senator whether that is not
$50,000 more than the estimates?
Mr. SUMNER. No; it is actually less than
the appropriations for last year. I have here
a memorandum from the Department of State
on the subject, by which it appears that in 1866
there was audited by the disbursing clerk on
account of foreign intercourse, $86,000, and
on account of missions, $66,000. In 1867
there was audited by the disbursing clerk
$98,000 on account of foreign intercourse, and
$69,000 on account of missions. In 1868 there
was audited by the same clerk $97,000 on ac-
count of foreign intercourse, and $53,000 on
account of missions; and then in 1869 $105,-
000 on account of foreign intercourse, and
$53,000 on account of missions. The Depart-
ment of State now asks that the sum shall be
fixed at $150,000 for the two items of contin-
gent expenses of foreign intercourse and all
contingent expenses of missions abroad, being
two different heads, it will be observed. I will
say to the chairman that I have the memoran-
dum here carefully made out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to call
the attention of the Senator to the estimates as
submitted this year:
" For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
as follows:
" Contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, $50,000.
"Contingent expenses of all missions abroad,
$50,000."
Making $100,000 for both ; and that is the
amount that was appropriated last year.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I have the memo-
randum here, the report I may call it, of what
was audited by the disbursing clerk for 1869,
which I can send to my friend, if he wishes to
see it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have it sent to the desk.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already given an
abstract of it. The figures are $105,000 on
account of foreign intercourse, and $53,000
on account of missions, and the letter of the
Department of State asks for an appropriation
now to the amount of $150,000; in other words
that we shall insert the words " one hundred
and" before the word "fifty;" and that is the
motion I make.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had seen that
communication. The only thing that troubled
me was that the estimates were as I have
stated.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator must
consider this last letter as in the nature of
estimates, founded as it is on these figures
which I have read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am inclined to
think they ought to be reduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third lime.
Thebill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE EROM THE HOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Isaac Strohm, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 198) for the relief of Tins-
ley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark,
and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louisiana and
Missouri ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting;
A bill (H. R. No. 1421)for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Paris L. Reed;
A bill (H. R. No. 2284) for the relief of Wil-
liam J. Clark, administrator of Gad E. Upson,
deceased *
A bill (H. R. No. 2285) for the relief of John
Milone, postmaster at Uhricksville, Ohio;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) for the
relief of Lucy A. Smith, widow and adminis-
tratrix of James Smith, deceased;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 344) for the
relief of Daniel M. Paige, first lieutenant of
the thirty-eighth United States infantry; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 345) for the
relief of George H. Bonebrake, of Indiana.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2090) granting a pension
to Mary Fryer, of Philadelphia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2101) granting a pension
to Dolly Brown;
A bill (H. R. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gates;
A bill (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension
to Betsey Arlin;
A bill (H. R. No. 1697) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association
of Washington, District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) granting
a pension to John Powers, late private in the
eleventh United States infantry in the war of
1812 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. G04) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the judges of the county court of
Greene county, State of Missouri, certain cap-
tured ordnance.
TAX BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move, in pursuance
of the understanding yesterday, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator desire to go on with that bill to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
taken up to-day. It will take probably half an
hour, or perhaps an hour to read it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Senator was content to go on to-morrow, and
I could very likely secure the passage of the
naval appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will allow
this bill to be taken up so that I need not look
after it, I will then give way informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; I
have no objection to its beingtaken up and laid
aside informally.
Mr. POMEROY. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill be
taken up by unanimous consent, and then I
will give way to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; I have
no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cojtk-
lixg.) The Senator from Ohio asks unani-
mous consent to take up the bill (H. R. No.
2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes. The Chair hears no objection, and
the bill is before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I move that
that bill be laid aside informally, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that the tax bill will
be the iinfinished business?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the tax bill will be laid
aside informally, with a view to taking up the
naval appropriation bill.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Rep-
resentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance:
A bill (H. R. No. 198) for the relief of Tins-
ley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark,
and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louisiana and
Missouri; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of
Hiram A. Cutting.
The following bill and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 2284) for the relief of Wil-
liam J. Clark, administrator of Gad E. Upson,
deceased;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 345) for the
relief of George H. Bonebrake, of Indiana ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 844) for the
relief of Daniel M. Paige, first lieutenant of
the thirty-eighth United States infantry.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2285) for the relief
of John Milone, postmaster at Uhricksville,
Ohio—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) for the
relief of Lucy A. Smith, widow and adminis-
tratrix of James Smith, deceased—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1421) for the relief of
Lieutenant Pans L. Reed—to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1533)
making appropriations for the naval servico for
tho year ending June 30, 1871.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
ling.) Tho Chair will suggest that unless
objection be made, the amendments reported
by the Committee on Appropriations be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading of the
bill. The Chair hears no objection, and that
course will be pursued.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was after line eleven,
in the clause making appropriations for the pay
of officersof the Navy, to strike out the follow-
ing words:
Four million dollars: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be paid to any officer in
the naval service of the United States for drawing
bills, for receiving or disbursing money, or transact-
ing any business for the Government of the United
States ; nor for servants or pay for servants, or cloth-
ing or rations for them, or pay for the same; nor for
rent of quarters, or to pay rent for furniture, or for
lights or fuel, or transporting baggage: Provided,
further, That hereafter the pay ofofficers of the Navy
shall be annually, in lieu of all other compensation,
as follows:
The pay of admirals, £12,000.
The pay of vice adiniru.ls, when at sea, $9,000; when
on shore duty, $7,200; when on leave of absence, or
waiting orders, $6,000.
Ihepayofrcaradmirals,whenatsea, $6,000; when
on shore duty, $4,800; when on leave of absence, or
waiting orders, $3,600; when retired, $2,400.
The pay of commodores, when at sea, £5,000; on
shore duty, $4,000; on leave of absence, or waiting
orders, S3,000; when retired, $2,250.
The pay of captains, when at sea, $4,200; on shore
duty, $3,360; on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
$2,520; when retired, $2,000.
