3710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
23,
the mint, but to enjoy the luxury of a visit to
the Senator himself.
.Mr. NYE. If my friend had gone there he
certainly could not help seeing the mint. The
committee went everywhere else but to the
mint; and not a witness from Nevada was
examined on that subject, I think, unless it was
a Mr. 
Mr. PATTERSON. I must correct the gen-
tleman. Mr. Thomas Sunderland was from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Thomas Sunderland does not
live in Nevada.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let us see. Here is
his testimony:
"Question. State your age, residonce, and occu-
pation.
"^lnsicpr. I am forty-eight years of ago; my resi-
dence is in the Stato ot' Nevada; my profession is
1 hat of the law though I have been engaged for the
last three or four years in mining.'*
Mr. NYE. The residence of Mr. Thomas
Sunderland was in California, and he was a
voter there. 1 know Mr. Sunderland well.
He did live a year or two at Virginia City;
but he had a princely residence in the San
Mateo valley. I was in California, and while
there I was at his residence. He lives there,
and his family are there now, and they never
have lived in Nevada ; for I know him better
than I do the Senator from New Hampshire.
I repeat, not a resident of the State of Nevada
was examined by that committee ; and I con-
fess I did not know that the examination was
going on.
Now, sir, I have said all I care to say. I
assert that this mint will pay, and the asser-
tion that it will not coin money is successfully
contradicted by the fact that it is coining now,
and has been coining since the 1st of January.
Only a few days ago the Senate confirmed a
gentleman as melter and refiner, and he is now
on his way there.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 have only a word to
add. This gentleman, Mr. Sunderland, who
was examined before the committee, stated
that he was a resident of Nevada.
Mr. NYE. He never had a residence there
except when he wanted to run for office.
Mr. PATTERSON. We had testimony to
the contrary.
Mr. NYE. His family lived in the San
Mateo valley in California ; I have been at his
house and know where it is. He has gone up
to White Pine now to take a chance again.
Mr. PATTERSON. Perhaps that will con-
stitute a residence in that country. I do not
know. He professed to be very familiar with
the mines of that country. I will read part
of bis testimony;
"Question. In your judgment is it necessary for the
Covernment to nave a mint at Carson City ?
"Answer. I do not think there is any necessity for
it. That has always been my opinion. X do not
think it is of any advantage to anybody. In the
western part of theState of Nevada, where thismint
is situated, there is but one principal lode, and that
is the Comstock. That is situated at an average of
fourteen miles north of Carson. The ore is sentfrom
this mine to mills in different directions, and is
brought back to Gold Hill and.Virginia City in the
thape of crude bullion, thereto be run into bars and
assayed. It is about as far from where these assay
offices are situated to Carson as it is to the nearest
point on the line of the Pacific railroad, and it costs
;is much for the transportation of the bullion from
Virginia to Carson as from Virginia to Elko, the
shipping point on the railroad."
We inquired, while in San Francisco, as to
the character of the parties who came before
us. We were told that they were perfectly
reliable men. We knew that they were familiar
with the work of assaying and of refining. They
may have been prejudiced somewhat from the
fact that they were interested in this work them-
selves in San Francisco; so that I give the
testimony just as it stands. Every man whom
we met and questioned on the subject in San
Francisco answered, without exception, that
there was no need, so far as the interests of
the Government were concerned, for this mint
in Carson City; and that it was of no advan-
tage to the miners of the Pacific coast. I believe
that that is the truth. I have no interest in
this matter any more than the Senate, and I
simply lay Ihe matter before the Senate, and
throw upon them the responsibility of voting
this $91,000 for no earthly object, in my judg-
ment, or not voting it, as they please.
Mr. NYE. Now, Mr. President, let me call
the attention of the Senate and of the chairman
of this committee to the changed condition of
things. What Mr. Sunderland said was true
before this mint was built.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was only last sum-
mer that he testified.
Mr. NYE. I understood that. The assay
department at the Carson mint was not at work
at all then. Now one of the largest mills of
the Comstock lode is within three miles of this
mint, and where they work more of this metal
than they work in any other mill in that coun-
try; and four or five of-the mills that work in
that Comstock lode are nearer now to the mint,
where the assaying can be done, than they are
to go up the mountain again to Virginia City.
Circumstances have changed, and there is
where the bullion now is and will be manipu-
lated. I have said all that I desire to say.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, having
been one of the committee who took that tes-
timony, and believing that I understand the
question, I feel it a duty I owe to the Senate
very briefly to state the impression made on
my mind.
The witnesses who were examined were
mostly, it is true, citizens of San Francisco,
but they were gentlemen of character, and bet-
ter informed, perhaps, on this subject than any
equal number of men to be found in the coun-
try. There was one, if not more than one, I
am quite sure, of the witnesses who was a citi-
zen of the State of Nevada, and his testimony
will be found, I think, to be quite as conclu-
sive, although not so voluminous, as that of the
other witnesses. The amount of the testi-
mony is that the mint at Carson cannot be
used for the purpose of making gold coin.
The ore of Nevada is mainly silver, but con-
taining, as the silver does there, some quantity
of gold. The quality of gold, however, is
insufficient to make that mintaprofitable insti-
tution for the coinage of gold. Besides, even
if gold could be coined there, the metal would
have to be taken from the Comstock lode,
fourteen miles, if I recollect aright, to Carson
City in a direction from the railroad, and then
brought back to the Comstock mine, and then
fourteen miles more to the railroad to be
shipped off. That would be just so much labor
lost, just so much expense for nothing; for
that same gold and silver got out of the Com-
stock lode could be taken with only about one
third of that transportation to the railroad and
sent to San Francisco, and that which was gold
coined into gold coin, and that which was sil-
ver run into silver bars, at less expense than
it could possibly be done at Carson City.
Besides that, you would have to take the
greater portion of the acids, if you are to make
gold coin at this Carson mint, from San Fran-
cisco by railway to the point—I forget where
it is—where they meet the railroad, and then
from there to this mint.
These facts seemed to show conclusively that
there could be no coinage at that mint of any
consequence, except silver coin, and the testi-
mony was overwhelming that the silver in bars
is worth more than the coin; so that there i3
an actual loss in coining the silver, because the
silver in bars is worth more than the silver
when coined. Under these circumstances, it
seems to me it is impossible for any one to
arrive at any other conclusion than that this
mint is simply a useless cost to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to inform him on that point?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; with great
pleasure.
Mr. NYE. All the acids that will be re-
quired for the supply of the mint have been
procured and are now on hand; and this appro-
priation is merely for the labor in the mint and
wood, <fcc. Now, if that is to be thrown out, L
want the Senate to say so.
Mr. THURMAN. That maybe. I do not
think they will be thrown away. They can be
sent to the mint at San Francisco.
Mr. NYE. But the honorable Senator stales
that it costs so much to get the acids there.
It will cost just as much to take them awny
from there.
Mr. THURMAN. When a business man
finds that he has embarked in a bad enter-
prise 
Mr. PATTERSON. If my friend will allow
me, in the seven hundred and seventy-lirst line
of the clause which I move to strike out, I find
this appropriation :
For chemicals—
That is, for sulphuric acid I take it—
charcoal and wood, incidental and miscellaneous
expenses, &17.6U7.
Mr. NYE. They use other chemieals more
expensive than sulphuric acid.
Mr. PATTERSON. Sulphuric acid is used
in the private refineries, but in the Government
establishments they use nitric acid, and they
use also zinc and certain salts. Those are the
chemicals that are used in refining, and called
for in this bill at the rate of $17,000.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to say in reply
to what my friend from Nevada said, that when
a business man embarks in a business and finds
that every year he carries it on lie is losing
money, he considers it the part of prudence to
stop the business even if he has to incur soma
los3 at the time ; in other words, it is better to
stop where you are and lose something, than
to go on losing all the time.
Mr. NYE." I will answer the Senator now.
If that mint does not give evidence this year
that it will pay, then I will move myself next
year to change it; but I protest against a judg-
ment before a hearing.
Mr. THURMAN. One word more and I
have done. I have only this to say about it:
the Senate has seen fit to constitute a Com-
mittee on Retrenchment; that committee, I
believe, has faithfully and earnestly sought to
discharge its duties ; it has taken a great deal
of testimony on a great many subjects, and I
do not think upon any subject the testimony it
has taken is so conclusive as it is upon this.
If the Senate thinks that its conclusions are of
no consequence whatsoever I do not see that
there is a great deal of use in having the com-
mittee. However, if the Senate think that
ihere ought to be another year's trial of this
mint, as the Senator from Nevada suggests, the
Senate can so decide. For myself I can only
say that I am perfectly satisfied that the longer
it is tried the more patent will become the fact
that the thing is wholly unnecessary.
Mr. STEWART. There has been no year's-
trial yet. This is only the commencement of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, give it a year's
trial if you choose.
Mr. CO-RBETT. It is very evident that tb&
mint in California as now constituted is not
able to coin the requisite amount of silver for
the use of this country. It is necessary now to-
commence coining silver for the use of the com-
munity. We know that silver has lately been
introduced into New York and put in circula-
tion there.
The committee say that silver in bars is-
worth more than it is in coin. That is the-
very reason why we should put it in coin, to
keep it from going out of the country. If you
want to return to specie payments, if you ever
want to use silver in this country again," you
have got to coin the silver here and keep it in
the country. If you are going to let it go out
of the country in bars, you never will have any
silver coin. My opinion is that this mint should
be kept coining silver so as to keep it in the
country and prevent it being shipped out ot
the country. The mint at San Francisco cer-
tainly cannot do any coining of silver of any
account. It seems to me that having expended
