516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January I 7>
would be ;the end of freegoyernment. Our
institutions cannot be sustained without yield-
ing to the Tule of the majority. That rale, to
be maintained, must be just and righteous in
its. execution; any departure, any wholesale
partiality among the body of the people would
terminate their power. • Some party must hold
the greatest amount of political power, and a
proper-regard for t,he laws qf the State will
render their execution generally just where all
are alike citizens. Each party has just the
same right to oppose the rule of the other. It
would be vain to attempt to restrain the State
from its just rights in the. Union to gratify the
wishes or even the fears of either of the polit-
ical parties that reside in it.
In restoring Virginia I should prefer first the
admission Qf her Senators and Representatives
as those of Massachusetts. If this cannot be
done, then adopt the bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives as the next best. If, however, the
humiliating process of sweating and sniveling
must go through, it cannot receive my approval.
"If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It were done quickly."
May it not return to plague the inventor ?
Sir, if there is any cause for the defense of
any portion of the population of Virginia; if it
be proved to me clearly that the people of
Virginia are cruel, unjust, partial to such an
extent that they will unjustly try the causes of
their Union neighbors and friends ; if they will
divest them of their property, deprive them of
their equal and just rights, refuse to render
them justice under any consideration, I would,
of course, regard it the duty of Congress to
legislate for the protection of the people, and
to that extent which is necessary to protect
each and every citizen of that State ana of the
United States. There is no reason why we
cannot enter the State in this way and protect
and defend the interests of the people'there.
But I deny that there has been presentedliere,
or in any State of this Union in the South, any
element of evidence to show that the people of
any particular party are not generally willing to
render full and ample justice to their neighbors.
Mr. President, how much better are you,
sir, hpw much better am I, than those we have
lived with all our lives? They may have gone
into the rebellion. Admit they did; have you
not received them here? Have you not re-
lieved them of their disabilities? Have you
not put into office yourselves the very men who
led the most ferocious of the rebel crews? It
has been done here again p.nd again. And are
the great majority of those people who were
dragged into an unholy rebellion, who went
into it with great reluctance, to be charged
here that they as a whole people are corrupt;
that they are debased traitors unworthy of
confidence? I am not prepared to believe it.
I know something of the people, North and
South; I have lived in both sections of the
country; and it has been my good pleasure
and my duty to repel these insults when lev-
eled against the northern people while I lived
South, and again, against the southern people
while I lived North. I tell you that the men
most responsible for all the blood that has been
shed in this war are men North who spent their
lives endeavoring to prejudice that section of
country against their southern brethren, and the
politicians South who spent their lives endeav-
oring to prejudice their ,section of country
againsttheir northern brethren. Those men are
in tjiis Hall who are as guilty traitors as ever
drew a sword in the war of the rebellion.
It has been my good or ill fortune to know
the truths that I utter, and I yent.ure the asser-
tion this day that this people of Virginia, this
party controlling that State, be it what it may—
I do not certainly know what it is, whether it is
Democraticor Republican—will treat the oppo-
site party with as much respect and as much j us-
tice as is possible under the circumstances for
any people to do under similar circumstances.
I know that is so with the people of my own
State who are daily and hourly traduced here
without any justifiable cause, without any facts
to sustain the charges. Nor do I believe the
assertions which have been made with refer-
ence to the people of Georgia, that they were
treacherous as a whole people. '
Who understood here or elsewhere that the
reconstruction bill which was passed on the 2d
of March, 1867, gave to the colored people the
right to hold office in the.southern States?
Who understood that the fourteenth amend-
ment gave to them that right? Who 'cinder-
stands that any act of Congress gave to them
that right ? If any law of CohgresS has given
that right it was very easily misinterpretedby
those who had not magnifying glasses which
enabled them to see that interpretation. If
they had that right it was from the constitution
and laws of the State of Georgia, and I have
no doubt myself that the constitution and laws
of the- State of Georgia did give it to them, and
it was so decided afterward by the supreme
court of that State ; and I have not a particle
of doubt that had the Governor of Georgia
called together that Legislature after that de-
cision the colored members would have been
placed in their positions again in obedience to
the decision of their own court.
I , say here that no Senator on this floor,
that no member of the House of Representa-
tives, that no patriot in thisland, can rise in
his seat and justly charge this people as treach-
erous. It is unworthy of him, it is unworthy
of the American nation, and I should regard
him who made such a charge as anything else
than a friend of republican institutions or a
friend of bis Government.
I know and have felt the charges made by
the men who were most violent in the southern
States, who aspersed every form of character,
both of men and women, in the northern States
for the mere purpose of gaining the approbation
of the idle throng that surrounded them. It is
an easy thing to do this. The people of the
United States are just as fond of prize fights
as the English,or as the Spaniards are of bull
fights; and if they can only hear an individual
who is willing to asperse his neighbor's charac-
ter, be he man or woman, the aspersions will
be received with;the applause of the mob. They
will receive their shouts of approbation to-day
and the very same men will conduct 'them to
the gallows to-morrow. I would not give a fig
for their approbation or disapprobation. I am
as fond as any one of the approbation of good
men ; but the applause of the mob, whether in
the North or in the South, have but little value
in my estimation.
Now, sir, as I say again, these conditions may
be imposed on Virginia, and what are they?
I have never knowingly in my life violated any
law which I regarded as law, or even the sem-
blance or shadow of law. I should not be
justified in doing it, nor should I advise any
of my fellow-citizens to do it; but these con-
ditions have not even the form or the sanction
or the respectability or the appearance of law;
they never can be enforced; they are worth-
less in every respect. If the Constitution is
not adequate for the protection of the general
interests of the country let us put it down and
make another. If the local Legislatures of
the different States, if those who compose them,
elected by the people interested in their acts,
do not understand their own interests and have
not honesty enough to protect them, then let
us dispose, once and for all, of 'this boasted
form of civil government under which we pro-
fess to act.
But if this Government be true, if it be that
thing which we have loved, let Virginia come
back to her place. Let those gentlemen who
have so many fears, who have fought her so
long and so hard, whose prejudices are aroused
and strengthened by so many long years of
conflict, consult the better angels of their na-
ture and drop a tear over the misconduct of
their erring brethren and admit them back to
their places with all their rights and all their
privileges. Will not the ancient glories of
that, old Commonwealth redeem: her from the
stain of rebellion? If not, I confess I have no-
hopes in the flimsy and miserable pretotvse of a
legislative condition appended to her coastafti-
tion 1 - - -• '•
I should like as much as any individual'in
the world to see the glorious principles that
the great-Virginians,' to wfapm we owe more
than to any other people upon this continent,
carried out. If the precepts Mr. Jefferson,
the political snn of the world, if his sacred pre-
cepts will Hot redeem Virginia and will -not
commend themselves to her good judgment,
be assured that they are wrong. ■
Sir, you cannot aehieve everything by a legis-
lative enactment. I have veiy little-confidence
in them. Four fifths of them have been inju-
rious, and the other one fifth has only been
beneficial because it has repealed the injurious
ones that were made by. former bodies. You
must leave something for the virtue and intel-
ligence and freedom of the people to accom-
plish. You must leave a little work for the
Almighty, also to do among the people, and
not take it all upon yourselves. The princi-
ples of freedom first taught-by the great
minds will soon be accepted by all. Justice
and its impartial administration will every-
where prevail. Confidence will give strength
and" vigor to them. They will recover their
love for the Union, arid when admitted to their
just participation.in it they will.value the insti-
tutions founded by their fathers and protected
by their best blood more than'before their sad
and mournful alienation.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
atorfrom West Virginia [Mr. Boreman] spoke
of California as a State justifying the proposed
penal legislation against Virginia under the
fourteenth amendment, because, as he said,
there were persons, several persons, holding
office in California who were disqualified under
the provisions of that amendment. The Sen-
ator gave no particulars. I must, therefore,
content myself with a general reply to his state-
ment. I never have heard of .any such casein
the State of California, Dot even- a suggestion
of such a thing. I believe no such case exists.
I am confident that the Senator is completely
mistaken in the assertion which he has made.
If no greater necessity exists in any other
State for the penal legislation now proposed
for enforcing the disqualifying clauses of the
fourteenth amendment than that which'exists
in the State of California, then there is no
n ecessity whatever for such legislation. Cal-
ifornia furnishes no argument for the policy
of proscription which finds so much favor here.
Another word, sir, on asubject more general
in its interest. I had designed to make a re-
mark or two concerningthe views interchanged
awhile ago so entirely to their own satisfaction
between the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] and the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] as to the entire want of confidence
felt by both of them in the Democratic party
of the country. It did not happen to" me to be
able to get the floor'at that momeht: Let me
say now what I should then have said had the
opportunity served.
As discreet and experienced men both those
Senators have heard doubtless of the mistake
which a man makes in not waiting to be asked
before he refuses. I am not aware that the
Democratic party or any portion of it has very
recently solicited the confidence of either of
those Senators. Whenever that party shall
solicit their confidence they will have full leave
to refuse it, and their refusal of it in so public
and pointed a manner as that to-day may be a
matter of Democratic disappointment. Until
that state of things shall take place I.think the
denial of their confidence will be a blow which
the Democratic paity will be abundantly able
to survive. It has seen darker hours than the
gloomy one to-day when the Senators from
Vermont and Nevada voted theirwant of con-
fidence.
I shall not now, even were it needed, for
