1870.
m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5605
these tax sales, but to deal with it fairly and
justly. It takes away no man's property and
it alters no man's rights.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassaehusetts. Certainly.
Mr. MAYHAM. If these tax commission-
ers have performed their duty according to law,
why is this bill necessary in order to quiet the
title to those lands?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
be very happy to answer the gentleman. The
commissioners uid perform their duty accord-
ing to the law j they did make sales according
to law, and the titles would now be perfect
but the certificates which are required as prima
facie evidence of title are signed by only two
commissioners instead of by three. The title
is perfectly good without those certificates;
the certificates are only a convenience. Other-
wise the titles must be proved by bringing all
the books infb court, which would be a great
trouble and bother. The titles are just as good
without the certificates as with them ; the cer-
tificates are only a convenient form of evidence.
If lhat. was all I never should have advocated
the passage of this bill. But there are certain
other things to be done. The title of the public
property mustbeconfirmedinthe UnitedStates,
because it was bid in by the United States, and
it may be a question of how the United States
have a title to it. Then there is a still further
difficulty to be remedied. I want" the money
from the sales of this land, now held by these
tax commissioners and by the Commissioner
of Refugees and Abandoned Lands, without
bonds, to be in the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. MAYHAM. One snore question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. MAYHAM. if the title of the United
States is not perfected by virtue of these sales,
can any act of Congress relate back to those
transactions so as to make the titles valid?
Mr. BUTLER, of .Massachusetts. That is
a question of law, to answer which, if asked
anywhere else, I should charge a large fee as
professional advice. I should say it would
not. But the action of this bill is to set apart
these lands for public purposes. Let me read:
That all lands lawfully set apart for military,
"Mavai, orrevenue use?, including the site designated
for a navy-yard on St. Helena Island, including,
also, Seabrook's Landing, on Hilton Head Island,
and the sites designated for light-houses oil Phil-
hps, Hilton Head, and Hunting Islands.be, and the
mine are hereby, excepted from the operations of
this acc.
This bill is meant to leave these lands in the
public, where they stood before. Will gentle-
men, before tliey object to this bill, have the
1 mdness to read it? It is House bill No.
2289; printer's No. 1001. A similar bill was
once before passed by this House, and failed
in the Senate only for want of time. This
bill has the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, at least so far as
the members on one side were concerned. It
has been thoroughly examined by that com-
mittee.
Nov/, why have I brought it forward at this
time? It proposes to put money into the
Treasury, and I thought that, while we were
waiting for reports of committees of confer-
ence, the time of the House could not be bet-
ter spent than in considering a measure which
proposes to put money into the Treasury
instead of taking any out.
ilr. ROGERS. Does this bill affect sales
in any other State than South Carolina?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itafl'ecis
no sales in any State except South Carolina.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman
allow me to say a single word in justice to the
commissioners? I know the gentlemau did
not intend to do any injustice to those officers ;
but one remark which he has made might be
misunderstood. He said the object of this bill
is to get rid of these commissioners for South
Carolina. That is true: but it should be stated.
in justice to the commissioners, that for the
last two years they have been asking for the
passage of such a bill as this; and its passage
is necessary in order that they may close up
their offices. They are not earning the money
they are drawing from the Treasury; and they
have been beseeching for two years that a bill
of this kind may be' passed. When two faith-
ful officers can be found who desire to give up
their offices because it is not to the interest of
the Government that they should be continued
the least Congress could do is to grant their
request.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentlemau from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bt/i'LEti] to yield to me for ten
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassaehusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, this bill was cer-
tainly agreed to be reported by the committee,
as I announced a few moments ago when called
upon by the gentleman from Massachusetts to
make a statement upon that point. But I am
surprised to see it presented at this session of
Congress. I had believed it was generally
understood that this bill was not to be pre-
sented for action until the next session. After
endeavoring in the committee to oppose the
measure as well as I could I carried a propo-
sition to request the Secretary of the Treasury
to give us such information as he might have
relative to the action of the commissioners in
the sale of these lands.
Judge Wording, one of the commissioners,
who seemed to be the only one knowing any-
thing about the matter, came that day to the
room of the Committee on Appropriations to
see me, in company with one of the Treasury
agents, and assured mo that it would take a
longer time than the Treasury Department
would have at command before-the expiration
of this session to give the required information;
whereupon I reported the tacts to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who at
that time had charge of the bill, and requested
him to see whether he could not get certain
necessary information as to who were the
owners of the land, the number of acres sold,
the prices at which the land had been sold, the
mode in which the sales were conducted, &c. ;
information which would enable this House to
act upon the question with some understand-
ing of its merits. He endeavored to do so ;
bat the result, as I suppose, was not satisfac-
tory to himself, for he made a report, which is
on our tables—report No. 108 of the present
session—in which none of this information is
given and no facts furnished except those em-
braced in an answer of the tax commissioners
to Air. Delano, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. But this information is not at all
sufficient to guide the House in determining
as to the propriety of passing a bill like this.
I do not now see the gentleman from Wis-
consin in his seat; but I know he will confirm
the statement which I make, that before Con-
gress acts*upon a question of this kind, involv-
ing hundreds of thousands of acres of land,
further information ought to be had. The gen-
tleman expressed to me regret that when tho
session of Congress had lasted seven months
and was about to close these commissioners
should have come here within the last few weeks
of the session urging the passage of a bill like
this. Although he did not say to me that he
would not attempt to secure the passage of the
bill at this session, yet he left on my mind the
impression that he was not at all satisfied with
the position of the question, and that he would
not urge the measure at the present time.
Hence, I did not expect it would be called up,
and had no intimation of such intention until
a few moments ago. Still, the committee have,
by their vote, authorized the reporting of the
bin.
There is not a particle of proof before us as
to the ownership of these lands, the amount
for which they were sold, the persons to whom
they were sold, or the legality or illegality of
the proceedings under which they were sold.
Neither Judge Wording n or the Treasury agent
to whom I have referred could give any inform-
ation on these points. Yet full information of
this kind this House ought to have before act-
ing upon the subject. Judge Wording could not
tell, nor has anybody ever told the committee,
so far as I know, Avhat became of the money.
No settlement has been made by these commis-
sioners with any agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, so far as 1 am advised. We are requested
now to intrust the sale of large amounts of
property yet unsold to these same persons, and
to confirm what they have already done, in total
ignorance of every fact necessary to a fair judg-
ment of the matter.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky a couple of ques-
tions.
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. GRISWOLD. How have the original
owners of these lands been notified of these
proceedings ?
Mr. BECK. There is no evidence that they
have been notified at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BECK. No, sir; the gentleman from
Massachusetts yielded to me for ten minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yielded
to the gentleman from Kentucky for ten min-
utes.
.The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
CC6(1.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether the original
owners of the lands had any notice of these
sales?
Mr. BECK. There is no evidence that they
ever had; and that was one of the facts we
tried to get from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; but I was told there was only one man
now retained in the Treasury Departmentwho
had any information, and he was so over-
crowded with congressional business that he
could not furnish us any.
Mr. GRISWOLD. We are legislating, then,
on the rights of these original owners without
their ever having had any notice about these
tax sales.
Mr. BECK. That is the fact. There was
nothing produced except an advertisement,
which the man I have referred to said he stuck
up at certain places on these lands, that he
intended to make these sales. That was the
one solitary paper offered to us.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Kentucky. I
have been informed this same subject-matter
was before the Committee on the Judiciary,
that is so far as legalizing these tax sales is
concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
agree to yield to .anybody but the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from Illinois
is asking me a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am informed that
the Committee on the Judiciary have had this
subject before them, and have agreed to report
against it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
going to yield to anybody else.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
it is very evident this is a matter which should
bo considered by the law committee cf this
House, and I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether he knows the fact that it has
been considered by the Judiciary Committee,
or is before that committee at this time?
Mr. BECK. I only know it indirectly from
a statement made to me that it was before that
jj committee. When the matter came before the
i Reconstruction Committee, one of the objec-
h tions I made to it was that it had nothing to
'i do with reconstruction, that it ought not to be
il before us, and I endeavored as well as I could
ij to prevent, its being considered. The gentle-
ij man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Pake,] however,
'j who had some knowlulgeof the subjectbefofe,
