1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
ing bill, the funding bill of the committee. If
it contains something the reason of which I
cannot see I shall be glad to follow the com-
mittee : and if the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends it, I shall be glad, in addition, to
follow him, confiding as I do in his good inten-
tions. But let us have a bill correctly de-
scribed by the title of a funding bill; and let
us leave such questions as these touching the
national banks to be considered by them-
selves, to the end that differences which may
exist in regard to them shall not hinder or
delay us in the prosecution of the main pur-
pose; and as to the banks, if they must be
considered here, if they must be brought within
the jurisdiction of the funding bill, let us steer
clear not only of everything which savors of
repudiation, but of everything that savors of
injustice and hardship; let us rely upon the
statement made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, and inasmuch as two thirds or one half
of the bonds now held by the banks are redeem-
able at once, trust to the execution of the bill,
to negotiating the bonds, to realizing the avails,
and with them redeem and extinguish the bonds
held by the banks which are redeemable.
Thus we shall make haste fast enough; and
thus we shall not give occasion for that protest
which the Senator from Ohio does not hear.
He says it does not come to him from the Stale
of Ohio.
I have in my hand a letter, one of a number
of such letters, written by a very clear-headed
and patriotic man who manages a large bank
in the State of New York as cashier ; a bank
in the country, not in a city, where circula-
tion is of little importance, but in the country,
where circulation is of the very essence of the
franchise enjoyed by banks. This is a long
letter, a clear letter, giving figures without heat,
without, note or comment, I might almost say,
and were it not long and dry in character I
should like to read it from beginning to end, iu
order that the Senate might see whether in
truth it be a hardship to strike off annually
one and a half per cent, from the assets of
national banks. Senators near me ask me to
read it; but it is a longer letter than they would
like to hear, made up very largely of figures,
and perhaps I shall do enough when I state
the result, which is that submission to the pro-
posed terms will not only destroy all induce- :
aient to continue country banks organized under
the national currency act, but will lead this
bank, for example, whose capital is $600,000
and its circulation $412,000, either to renounce
as a national bank and to reinstate itself under
the laws of the State of New York as a State
bank, or else to wind up and give up altogether
the banking business. Such is the testimony
which comes to me, not only in this case, but
in other cases. Perhaps it is mistaken. Per-
haps the picture is overdrawn ; nevertheless,
such is the picture; such is the apprehension;
such is the judgment of men intelligent on the
subject and patriotic, and as anxious as any
member of this body to cheapen the interest
and refund upon the most advantageous terms
the entire public debt.
I send the letter to the reporter :
"Senator Sherman's funding bill, I see by the
morning paper, is to be before youagain on Wednes-
day.
"As to the financial world's accepting our bonds
for a long time to come at a lower rate of interest
than five per cent., I believe opinion is pretty gen-
erally against it; but that the national banks may
be compelled to accept the loan, and thus become i
the pioneers in introducing it, seems by the press to
be regarded as an acceptcd fact; and it is on this
point alone I wish to submit some calculations made
with reference to ourselves, and I see no reason why
they will not apply with full force to all banks in
this State and in all other States where the rate of
interest is as high as seven per cent., and of course
with still greater force in those States permitting a
higher charge for interest. _ . !
" My review leads to the conclusion that it would
be our manifest interest to surrender our circulation
should the funding bill become a law and no com-
pensating relief be given in reduction of taxes. -
"This conclusion is reached even if we deemed it
advisable to continue ourorganization as a national
bank, and it is emphasized in this State by the free-
dom to reorganize under State laws, and relievo our- i
solves of the restraints imposed by the currency
act.
"My figures, however, aro basedl upon the theory
ol a continuance of our present national organiza-
tion, and, further, on the basis of specie values.
We at present have circulating notes $412,040 00
To retain that amount we must deposit under the
bill twenty percent, additional in ainountof bonds
n?*"??1? ••••.••"   $515,168 00
Ut which one third may be five, one third four and
a half, and ono third four per cent., or an average
of four and a half per cent $23,182 56
To which add relief from taxes of one half
percent, on that amount of capital in-
vested in United States bonds, namely,
the $515,168  2,575 84
Bills furnished us which wo may loan,
$412,040, less fifteen per cent, reserve,
namely, $07,896, $344,744, seven percent.
on which is  24,132 08
Three fifths of this reserve of $07,890 may
be deposited with our redeeming or re-
serve agents on interest if the law is not
changcd, as has been proposed, prohib-
iting payment of interest by national
banks, three per eont. may thus bo real-
ized on $41,264  1,237 92
Total  51,128 40
..$54,951 04
..515,168 00
Premiums,,
Principal...
  37,778 84
  515,103 00
Total  $552,946 84
Seven per cent, ou which is  $38,700 ii8
Previous income stated  47,002 00
Apparent advantage  $3,295 72; which, if
continued four and one half years would equal the
premiums paid to procure the five per cents, and
four and one half per cents.
This calculation is properly made on a specie
basis, as it is for a period of specie payments that we
must provide, and our election must be made within
a year. And as a further charge to be made us at
that time there will be the cost of redemptions as no
inconsiderable item, though not easy of estimation
with much accuracy, as we have not in this state had
experience in par redemptions.
With such a lean statement what inducement is
thero to continue to issue circulating notes ? The
freedom from liability on our notes and the elas-
ticity of our position resulting from such freedom,
would prove a considerable pecuniary advantage.
Should we surrender our national organization
we would gain a further advantage in exemptions
from all reserve requirements and be left to manage
our matters generally according to our own judg-
ment, freed from restrictions that might be useful to
that class of bankers who disregard them, but only
an annoyance and hinderance to well-man aged banks
and a serious detriment at times to their dealers.
These views are very likely entertained by the
larger portion of New York State bankers, and that
they will obtain generally, out of New England, I
can see no reason to doubt.
I shall be glad to have you review my estimate
of the probabilities of national banks accepting cir-
culation on the proposed terms unless some exemp-
tions from present burdens are granted; and if you
reach the same conclusion it seems to me some com-
pensatory concessions can be obtained on proper
exhibit of the case if it is a foregone conclusion to
push the present bill through.
In view of such apprehensions, in view of
the want of necessity, as it seems to me, for
Total receipts  51,128 40
Less one per cent tax on circulation  4,126 40
Total...    $47,002 00
lhe stocks to be deposited will cost us as
follows at present prices : say five twen-
ties to be surrendered for new five per
cents; one third, or $171,722, at say twelve
per cent, net $20,606 04
For ten-forties to exchange for
the second third, or $171,722,
at ten per cent  17,172 20
The last third I estimate tho
same, as it is the lowest bond
permissablo and most avail-
able for surrender, unless the
Secretary issues four per cent.
new stock in exchange for
greenbacks  17.172 20
Total premiums  
Principal 
Total investment of capital $570,119 04
Interest of seven per cent, on which is.... 39,908 33
Apparent advantage  $7,093 07
On this calculation it will require this advantage
continued over seven and a half years to pay the
premiums on bonds which at the end of that period
will not have, in my opinion, an average value above
par.
But that the calculation may be most favorable
to the Secretary's plan, let us strike out the premium
charge on the last third and assume he will give us
that third in'exchange for greenbacks, and we have
£aid for premiums  $54,951 04
ess  17,172 20
retaining these sections, I wish that we might
go right on to the main purpose of the bill, in
which all should agree, and adopt a measure
which shall enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to avail himself of every possibility of reducing
the interest upon the public debt, and leave
questions like these, if they must be consid-
ered at all, to separate consideration. It', on
the other hand, we are constrained to consider
them here, then I say let us so adjust the pro-
visions that there will be no room for that
alleged injustice which, without some atoning
measure by way of relief from taxation, large
bodies of intelligent men already characterize
as repudiation.
Mr. CASSERLY obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN". Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I will submit the usual motion, that at
half past four o'clock the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better not
have a recess. I think we had better sit on a
little later this afternoon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit it to the sense
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At what time
does the Senator desire the evening session to
commence?
Mr. SHERMAN. Half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
in order under the order adopted last week.
The Senator from Ohio moves that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Conk-
ling, Corbett. Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin, liar-
Ian, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Ramsey. Revels. Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Sprague, Thayer, Warner, Wiiley, Williams,
and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Came-
ron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Harris, Howard,
Howell, Johnston, McCreery, McDonald, Morton,
1'omeroy, Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner. Thurman, Tipton, and Vickers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter Oattell,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton,
Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Trumbull and
Y ates—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I am
prompted to say a few words upon the point
in debate before the Senate. I say them, not
so much to present any ideas of my own es-
pecially, as to recall a notable historical fact in
the dealings of another Government in another
, land with a great banking institution, having
| relations with that Government in substantial
j analogy to the relations of the national banks
j with our own Government. I speak of the
dealings of the British Government with the
Bank of England, so fttr as respects the circu-
lation of that bank, which she is allowed to
! issue upon the amount of £14,000,000 sterling
of securities of that Government held by her.
As those securities draw interest at three per
cent, in her hands, Senators will see that the
analogy is perfect.
I confess, sir, that I was not prepared for
the debate which has arisen on this section
eight of the bill. I regarded the section as
more than liberal toward the banks. I was
aware, and leading Senators of the Adminis-
tration party in this Chamber have stated,
especially the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] with great force and point, how
grievously the. people feel the burden of the
national banking system of the country. That
class of persons compelled to rely upon those
banks for business accommodation feel the
! burden perhaps more than any other. They
! more than any others are made to suffer from
those oppressive practices of the banks to which
the Senator from Indiana adverted with such
just criticism the other day. In the course of
