1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2773
seven years later, we' produced but 731,564
tons 
Mr. ALLISON. And imported less than in
1850.
Mr. KELLBY. Although the antteacite-
iron manufacture of Pennsylvania had ex-
panded, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] showed.to-day. And Pennsylvania
made a larger proportion of that small amount
than she does of' the great amount manufac-
tured to-day.
Strike down this duty on iron to $5 or $6
per ton and you strike at fifteen States in which
sixty-five new furnaces were built during the
last year. Reduce'this duty to $6 per ton and
you will diminish the amount of pig iron pro-
duced; you "will arrest the building of fur-
naces ; you will not diminish the profit of men
who have had the advantages of this business
during the war, and have got their plant clear
and their interest back upon it. You will
Affect the new men who are building fhrnaces
in Virginia, in West Virginia, in southern In-
diana, in Illinois, iii Tennessee, and in Mis-
souri. You will strike at the men who have
built the one first furnace on the banks of the
Willamette, in Oregon. It is hero your blow
will fall, and not upon the old and well-estab-
lished furnaces.
The three southern tiers of counties in Illi-
nois aro underlaid with limestone and with
iron. 1 Of that one State 35,000 square miles
are underlaid with coal, and they -are build-
ing furnaces in various parts of the State. At
Joliet, I think it is, the people have given them
a site for their furnace and rolling-mill, and
aro tempting them to work there. A,nd so it
is in other parts of the'State. Strike the duty
down to $0 per ton, arid you will make that
investment an unprofitable one, and will arrest
all such enterprises.
I am not pleading-for Pennsylvania. Thank
God, her resources are now so well developed
that she can live and'prosper under any tariff
law that the rest of the Union can live under.
1 am pleading-—-andibegentlemanfrom Illinois
[Mr. LoGAJ,-] sneered at it—that the farmers
of that State and. of Iowa and Minnesota and
of the land-locked Northwest may have a mar-
ket in which their grain can be,sold, that they
may have a market for their horses and mules
and steers in the great iron-works. They find
a larger market in the "haugiug-rook" region
of Ohio and Kentucky alone than they find' in
all -.Britain for their cereals and their jive,stock.
And 1 ask them not to strike down this market;
not to turn into agriculture- now over-don.c
hundreds and thousand of men witli their fami-
lies, who under "the homestead law will settle
and wait until,wiser legislation shall make a
market at home for the farmers of tlie country.
[Here the hammer fell.] ■
Mr. ALLISON. I v?ithdraw my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL", ' X move to amend the
amendment by striking out " $5," anu insert-
ing " $3 j" and whatever may be the opinion
of other, gentlemen, ,1 do lips .'in good faith.
From th§ investigation and a great deal of atten-
tion which I have given to, this subject I do
not believe that pig iron requires or ought to
liavo any,protection other than that which, is
given by transportation- We have a, greater
abundance of iron ore and coal and all the cither
materials that enter into, the production of pig
irpn than any other country on earth. The
cost of transportation affords a protection of
$5 per ton to the sea-coast, and an increased
protection' per mile for every mile you go into
the interior. I degire to^l^t the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mi'. Ke&let] know that
the people of lliiuo-ip and of the .West have
their own Representatives to represent them
here. They do not ask their assistance a.nd do
not require it, and they look upon this whole
thing as a robbery of the'people they .represent
iierc. There is no necessity for it, so far as
they aro concerned.-
We have the same cry here that'-we have at
all times had in this country and ievery other
country where monopolies of this kind have
been established, or where great bounties have
been granted by a Government to any interest.
In 1846 and in 1857, and on every other occa-,
sion when there has been an attempt to reduce
the tariff, the cry has gone forth that a change
in the tariff would destroy the existing indus-
tries; that the furnaces would be clpsed^'that
their fires would .die out; .that our manufac-
turing operations would cease. But experience
has each time given the lie to these predictions.,
Such were the prophecies in England when,
under the lead of Sir RobcH Peel, the reform
movement was com'mencod'in,lS-12. At each
step in the direction of reform and the removal
of burdensome 'duties, the protected classes
raised the alarm, claiming that such measures
would bring ruin to the country, that they would
destroy the existing industries. The result
falsified all those predictions, showing that they
were based upon false promises. The industry
of the country, instead of being stricken down,
started on a new career of prosperity. Such
was the case in our own country in 184G, in
1857, and at every other period when these
duties have been reduced,
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my friend allow me
to ask him how the pauper list of England
compares now with what it was at the period
to which lie refers, thirty years ago ?
Mr. MARSHALL. At this time, Mr. Chair-,
man, the prosperity of that country is tenfold-
greater than it was in 1842. When the reform
movement commenced starvation existed in
almost every portion of England. This is the
testimony of history; and if the gentleman
is acquainted with the history of the times he
knows that such is the ease. In many parts
of the manufacturing districts the laborers were
living upon one fourth the rations issued to the
paupers in the poor-houses. When the reform,
movement commenced distress prevailed all
over England. It was the taking off of the
oppressive duties tlial "revived manufactures
and other industries, brought prosperity to that
country, and gave it the control of the com-
merce of the seas. If did not bring about in
England a political millennium, and nothing of
that kind could reasonably have beeu expected.
England has not the same natural advantages
as our country. She has an overcrowded pop-
ulation. She has not free farms ; she has not
an almost boundless expanse of territory upon
which her people cau go and earn a livelihood
for themselves. Hence in that country, dis-
tress and pauperism must always prevail to a
great extent under auy system of government.
But the reduction of the tariff doubled, nay,
quadrupled the prosperity of England. It fur-
nished employment to those who had been
idle; it gave foojl to the starving; it built up
the country with more rapidity than had ever
been witnessed at any former time.
We now have the same cry that was raised
in England. Never yet since God placed man
upon the earth have the protected classes wilh
ingly released their grasp upon the throats of
the people. They never will do it. We shall
always hear this cry until Gabriel blows his
horn. So long as the protected classes have
the opportunify to take money from the pock-
ets of the pe,op!e they will avail themselve of
that opportunity. 1 have shown heretofore
that this high protective policy has robbed the
people of their markets. It did so in 1842; it
has (lone so since. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Iv-ellky] says that too many of.
the people of the West are engaged in wheat
growing.' Ho tells us this now, when we are
living under the highest tariff that has ever been
known ia any country. Give us back the mar-
kets which this system has taken away from us
and we shall not ask any further assistance.
The people of the West understand this system,
and they do not ask gentlemen on this floor to
assist them by such a tariff as this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] may as
well, perhaps, remember tha,t the farming in-
terests of the country are npt alone in the dis-
trict which he represents, or even, in the State
of Illinois. I happen to, represent aw agricul-
tural interest myself; a district which, accord:
in£ to the censps of 186Q, produced as large
amounts in value and quantity of agricultural
products as any .district in the United Statfes.;
a district that in .the.next census for eke area
of land cultivated will again show-as large an
amount of agricultural products, as .any.other
district; a district of farmers who do not find
any inconvenience and do not find any injury
in the fact that tlie'y hayo a home market.
I will say. a .word to the gentleman from
Iowa iu answer to his position fliat a low tariff
while it increases the production of iron also
diminishes the importation of iron. I will
remind that gentleman his argument proves
too much for his theory, and proves what the
friends of a protective policy have always con-
tended for, namely, that a low duty not only
diminishes the home production but the power
to consume. A country when stricken down
by free trade can neither produce ir'on nor con-
sume it, for the very reason that those who
have been engaged in the production of the
iron will then come into competition with those
engaged in agriculture. The gentleman's posi-
tion, therefore, proves too mucli.
Anothergentlemanfromlllinois, [Mr. Iuger-
soll, ] from that great farming country, has
stated that the consumption of agricultural pro-
ducts by those engaged in the iron manufacture
of this country produces no visible effect on
the agricultural products of the couutry. That
gentleman must remember there are 040,000
persons engaged in this country, engaged in
tho various branchos of the manufacture of
iron. Assume each one of those has five per-'
sons dependent for tlieir support upon 'him,
and it is not too great an estimate,' and 040,000
multiplied by 5 will bo 8,200,000 people who
are consuming tho agricultural products of
Illinois and of the various other Agricultural
States of the Union, Do I understand the
gentleman from Illinois to say if ho-st ops'the
mouths of theso 3,200,000 pfeeple who -are'
engaged iu the manufacture of iroiHlieir' "coin-
sumption of tho agricultural products of the
country will .produce no visible effect on:,the
agricultural products of the country," and that-
if we drive them to raise food for-themselves
it will produce no visible effect, on the agricul-
ture of the couutry ? 1 f that be tlic gentleman's
opinion it seems to me the result would show
hov^ much he is mistaken. . •- • ' ■ ••
Rut, sir, theso tariff doctors differ. The gen'
tl email representing the metropolitan districtof:
Now York, [Mr. Cox,] who feels a great inter-,
est in the farmers of the country, says tho duty'
on iron is 100 per cent., and he undertakes to
prove the value of iron in England is $0 a ton.
One hundred per ceut.,thodutybemg$9, would-
be ft't). Mr. Wells, the great authority, says tho
cost of the production of iron in Wales is, in
gold, from $80,to $39. Now, 100 per ccnt. on
that would.be a duty-of $20 18. Another gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] told us that
Mr. Wells had been employed by the Govern-1
men! to give us information and that we ought
to follow his advice. If so, then there is po
further use for Congress and no farther use for
the Committee of Ways and Means, if we are to
do only what Mr. Wells tells us on the. subject
of iron. It turns put, however, thatMr. Wells
got his information from Professor Waterhouse,
1 have no doubt an estimable gentleman; but
it turns out also that Professor Waterhouse
does not know anything about it, and gets his
information from a gentleman in St. Louis who
had just started in the iron business, and after
runuin" ten months found he was mistaken in
the cost of production precisely $7 a ton,
[Here the hammer fell.]
The Question recurred on Mr. Marshall's
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL* 1 "will withdraw my
amendment for the present.
