3718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. CAMERON. I now move the next
amendment, in line eleven hundred and twenty-
eight. to insert:
For paper, twine, gum, and necessary materials
f< r folding-room, $500.
There is nothing, as I understand, to pay
for these expenses in the Agricultural Depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed in.
Mr. CAMERON. I have another small
amendment to add to the amendment just
adopted :
That the sum of $250 bo appropriated to pay Mrs.
Margaret S. Morse, a balance due her for transla-
tions for the use of the Agricultural Bureau.
This lady translated some valuable works
from the French, which she was directed to
do partly by President Johnson and partly by
the Commissioner. She received $100, and
there is still $250 due her. I think it is a
worthy object, and trust the Senate will agree
to pay her.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must raise a
question of order on this proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations ob-
jects to this amendment as not being in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I mentioned this
matter to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations some time ago, and I hope he
will not object to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it alto-
gether likely ; but then the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has not, I think, given notice of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the committee raises the question that
this is a private claim, and not in order.
Mr. CAMERON. If the point is ruled
against me, I give notice now that I will offer
it to-morrow. So we might as well take it now.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the Senator from Penn-
sylvania through?
Mr. CAMERON. I am, if the chairman
rules against me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
propose from the Committee on Finance, upon
h matter thai was referred to the Committee on
Finance by the Committee on Appropriations.
The Committee on Finance direct me to report
the following amendment, to add as a new sec-
tion :
And be it furthir enacted. That the sum of $351 67
be paid to A. M. Gangewer. chief clerk in the office
of the Third Auditor, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for services as
Third Auditor.
I will state that Mr. Gangewer acted as Third
Auditor duringan actual vacancy that occurred",
and under the rule that has been established
in other cases he is entitled to pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Senator whether that is the rule ; whether it is
not an unusual practice?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not myself approve
the practice; but it has been the rule of the
Treasury Department, and in that vdry office.
Several precedents have been shown where,
when there was an actual vacancy in the office
and another officer fulfilled the duty during
that time, he was allowed the difference in pay
between his pay and the pay oF Third Auditor.
That is the precise thing here. Mr. Gangewer
is the present chief clerk. The former Third
Auditor, Mr. Wilson, I think, resigned or was
removed, and during three or four months Mr.
Gangewer acted as Auditor. It was not a mere
absence of the Auditor. In'such cases prece-
dents show that allowances have been made
for the difference between the pay of chief
clerk and the pay of Auditor. My friend from
Vermont [Mr. Mobkill] reported a case ad-
versely the other day, where it was merely for
acting during a temporary absence ; but this is
in accordance with precedents. 1 think Mr.
Gangewer ought to have the difference in pay.
It is a very small sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In pursuance of a notice
that I gave some days ago, I now offer this
amendment to carry out an estimate made in
the regular estimates:
And be it further enacted, That there be appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of 8450,000 to complete
the enlargement of tho ship canal around the falls
of tho Ohio river.
I will state the reasons why I offer this
amendment to this bill for a work which usu-
ally does not belong to this bill. It is because
the work is now going forward rapidly, and
the money is needed at this season of the year
as soon as possible to complete the work. It
would, more properly, come in as an amend-
ment to another bill, but I trust the Senate
will allow it to be put on this bill, for there is
a pressing necessity for the appropriation at
as early a day as possible. I gave notice of it
some days ago ; it is in the regular estimates
sent to ns by the Department. I will state
also, that it comes within the precise reason
of the case of the appropriation made for the
canal around the Mississippi rapids, for which
there was a special appropriation made, per-
haps a month or two ago, in order that the
work might be done at the low stage of water
in the river.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope this amendment
will be agreed to for the reason stated by my
colleague, and also because the work belongs
to the Government, and since the building of
the railroad bridge there, which makes it almost
impossible to pass over the falls even at high
water as was formerly done, all navigation by
large boats must be through the canal. It is a
"most serious obstacle to navigation, and most
injurious to the whole country above the falls
especially. Large boats are now stopped, and
have been for a long time, for want of the en-
largement of this canal, and 1 believe this appro-
priation would about finish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This will finish it.
Mr. THURMAN. So that nothing more will
be asked.
• Mr. SHERMAN. According to the estimate
of the engineer in charge, General Weitzel,
$450,000 will complete it, and then the whol§
work is transferred to the Govnrnment.
Mr. THURMAN. I think there was laul
before the Senate a petition from the Chamber
of Commerce of Cincinnati on this very sub-
ject, which was, I think, presented by my col-
league—I know I received a copy of it—in
Which the reasons were very forcibly set forth
and the facts stated why this appropriation
should be made. It is a matter of very great
interest, especially to Cincinnati, Pittsburg,
and in fact to all the country above Louisville.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know where
this proposition came from. It has not been
before the Committee on Commerce. Cer-
tainly that committee has this very appropri-
ation in charge in connection with the river
and harbor bill. If this is to be put on I de-
sire to put on the whole river and harbor
bill, which will contain somewhere between
three and a half and four million dollars.
I likewise have an appropriation for the Sault
Ste. Marie canal, which last year did some-
thing more than double the business of the
Louisville canal. I have the figures at home.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me appeal to-my
friend from Michigan. I have always, as he
knows very well, favored appropiations for the
Sault Ste. Marie canal and for the St. Clair
flats, and improvements of that sort. Those
lake improvements and the improvement of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers are the great
western improvements which are more im-
portant than all others. Now, for the special
reason I have given, I trust this item will be
put upon this bill. I know it is more appro-
priate to the other bill. I stated that; but it
will not impair or affect the passage of the
other bill, while there is a necessity for this
appropriation to be used early in the season
during the low water, so that the work may
progress and contracts may be made for the
conclusion of this very important canal. My
colleague said this was petitioned for" by Him.
Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati; it has
been also petitioned for by the Legi-slatm-i's of
Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana, all of wiiuii
States are greatly interested in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no very great,
haste in thismatter. The river and harbor bill
will pass within six weeks, and not one sini^lu
dollar of this money will be expended beloie
that bill passes. I do not know how tl/ss
got here. What committee did it come from ?
Whose business is it? How did iiget in here?
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated already, if the
Senator had chosen to listen to me, that two
weeks ago I gave notice of this amendment,
and the item is regularly laid on our tables in
the estimates of the Department reported
from the engineers. It is true the estimates
have been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, but there are special reasons why this
item should be put on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is in the regular bill
with all the other river and harbor appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be stricken out of
that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Maine, as chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, will accept the engineer's esti-
mates for the river and harbor appropriations,
I am willing to move them. They amount to
about twelve million dollars, and every item has
just as much business here as this has. The
Committees on Commerce have had the subject
underconsideration in both Houses nowfor lour
mouths, and have agreed to make an appropria-
tion for this identical work; but I object in
toto to bringing in this Louisville canal and
ignoring all the rest. Either put on the whole
or let this go with the rest. I object in toto to
this proceeding. It does not belong to the
committee from which it came; it belongs to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator ap-
peals to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. He will observe that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
and the committee itself had nothing to do
•with this amendment more than that they re-
ceived notice of it, as I understand, from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; not the Committee
on Finance; but this is regularly estimated for
in the annual estimates and comes within the
rule. Notice of it was given to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then it came from no
committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. None.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then it would be per-
fectly competent for any Senator hereto move
the entire estimates of the engineers and offer
the whole. If this is to be put on, I give
notice that I shall offer the whole estimates
from the board of engineers for this year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has notgiven
the requisite notice.
Mr. CHANDLER. We shall adjourn after
you put this on, and I will give the notice
to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from ;
Michigan will not be unreasonable about this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not unreasonable,
but I object in toto to taking out one work of
this kind and ignoring the rest.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriation for ,
the Mississippi river was passed here by com-
mon consent for the very same reason, and .
perhaps we ought in justice to our constituents
to have taken the same course, and introduced j
a separate bill; but I did not desire to do that. ,,
This is a work of absolute public necessity, (,
affecting a commerce I think as large as the ,
commerce of the lakes. ,>]
Mr. CHANDLER. Not one half the ton- *
nage passed through the Louisville canal that ;
