2774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to add 50 cents
to the duty on pig iron. Mr. Chairman, I have
sought the floor principally for the purpose of
correcting some of the figures of my friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] in regard to the
number of persons engaged in the United
States in the manufacture of iron. I have
before me a statement, which I suppose is reli-
able, prepared by a gentleman of character
andstanding,from which it appears:
"The number of hands employed in the primary
production ot iron is thus estimated at 140,000 in all,
divided as follows:
At blast furnaces      12.500
Preparing ore and fuel  42,000
At forgeries and bloomeries    2,500
In rolling-mills  58,000
Preparing fuel tor rolling-mills  25,000
"Add to these an estimated population of 800,000
engaged in the progress of iron manufacture to its
finished state, and we have a total of 940,000 pro-
ducers, a population equal to that of our largest
cities, and exceeding that of some of our new States."
Now, Mr. Chairman, in regard to this state-
ment, I would observe that if the item put down
here, " preparing fuel for rolling-mills and fur-
naces," includes the mining of coals, it is a
statement very much under the fact. If it
means what I suppose it does, the preparation
of fuel after it is in the ground in the manufac-
ture of iron, it may be correct. It cannot in-
clude both those laborers and those engaged
in mining coal. If it is meant to do this, I
repeat that the statement is greatly under
the truth; for in my own county we have
30,000 men and boys engaged in mining coal,
a very large proportion of which goes directly
into the manufacture of iron ; that is, prepar-
ing fuel for the manufacture of iron. And I
believe that if the statistics of this class of labor
were collected together lor the whole country,
it would be found that the number greatly
exceeded 42,000. It is a great array of men.
I do not think I would be beyond the truth in
saying that engaged in the manufacture of
iron in one form and another, and in mining
and transporting coals for the furnaces, not
less than 1,000,000 of our fellow-citizens are
directly interested to-day, which, according to
the largest estimate of the population of the
United States, is at least one fortieth of the
population of the whole country.
When, therefore, my friend on my left [Mr.
Cox] sneers at this coal and iron interest, and
calls it small and petty, and treats it as un-
worthy our consideration, he shows much less
good taste than he does with reference to many
other matters. The truth is there has not been
so great a subject before us during this session
of Congress, nor will there be. And when we
press the importance of this iron interest upon
the Consideration of gentlemen from other
parts of the country, it is no answer to say
that we are selfish, sectional, and clannish.
The truth is that this iron interest lies at the
foundation of all our prosperity. No branch
of industry can be prosecuted without the.use
of iron, and that legislation which tends to the
prosperity of this iron business is legislation
for the benefit of the whole country. It is like
legislation on. behalf of a fountain which irri-
gates a whole town and neighborhood. It is
like that protection which we give to the mem-
bers of our body by protecting the heart, the
source of life ; for this interest is the fountain
ol lil'e, and industry, .and prosperity to the
entire co.untry.
When, therefore, we insist upon a reason-
able amount of protection for this iron interest
against foreign competition, I say it is not in
good taste to sneer at Pennsylvania. I declare
that I feel more sorrow for the sneered than 1
do for Pennsylvania. You may sneer at her
Representatives here, you may say that she has
not sear, so. wise men here as other States have
done; but the more you know of her the more
ym will be satisfied that her prosperity is
intimately interwoven with that of the United
States, and that the more she takes the lead
in respect of her iron interest the more will
she be a great' fountain, of prosperity and
wealth to the industry of every portion of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I have not said much
on this subject of the tariff, and I ask to be
allowed five minutes more.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman is allowed to
proceed I shall expect to have the privilege of
responding.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania being
extended for five minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODWARD. I thank the committee
for this indulgence. In reply to the remark
of my friend from New York, [Mr, Cox,] I
would say that 1 shall be happy to receive all
manner of answers. Any gentleman who pleases
may answer me on any point.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will the gen
tleman tell us what he conscientiously believes
should be the tariff on pig iron?
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 think there should
be a duty on it of $7 a ton, and I would rather
increase it above that point than diminish it.
Now, what I wish to say is especially for the
benefit of my Democratic friends by whom I
am surrounded, and who insist on having cheap
iron. They cannot live without cheap iron. I
remember that soon after the revolutionary war
an English statesman said that we ought not to
make a hob-nail in this country, that we should
have all our work-shops in Great Britain, a
sentiment which I am shocked to hear advo-
cated by Democrats on this floor. For the
tendency of the arguments of my friend from
New York, and of some others of my friends
near me, the tendency of their arguments
is to place our entire iron-shops in Great
Britain, France, Belgium, and other countries,
so as to cheapcn the iron which the farmer
needs.
Well, now, I will tell these gentlemen how
we can get cheap iron in this country. Put
your laborers on the same level with the laborers
of England and France and Belgium and you
will have cheap iron. When in this country
men have to starve or work for low wages they
will work for low wages rather than starve.
If you will reduce our laborers to the necessity
of living in a mud hovel with a ground floor
and a thatch roof and a pig at the door, and
meat to eat but once a week, deny their chil-
dren the privilege of attending a school, and
their wives the privilege of entering a church
or having a change of dress; if you insist on
putting the Democratic people of this country
down on such a level as that, we can have
cheap iron after the fashion of these European
countries; and then when this population be-
comes discontented and rebellious, why, apart
of this arrangement for cheap iron will be a
standing army to keep them in order, and an
armed police at all the cross-roads to keep the
people down. That is the English fashion and
the French fashion and the Belgian fashion of
making cheap iron. We can make cheap iron
in this country, but we must employ the same
means that are employed there.
Now, if my Democratic friends would go
home to their constituents and tell them they
propose to reduce the voting population of this
country to that condition, if they ever get back
here to clamor for.cheap iron I will agree to
be shot. [Laughter.] If you will put iron
into railroads, and carry population and civil-
ization to the remotest parts of the land, you
will cheapen iron and all other necessaries of
life. By affording reasonable protection to
iron we enable enterprising men to build rail-
roads in the country. Railroads are the great
civilizing agency and power of our age and
country, and it is our policy to extend and to
multiply them. If we have to pay a tax on
iron in order to build railroads that tax will be
returned to us in another form, in the blessings
which railroads will bring-to the country. The
very increase in the value of the farmer's land
will a thousandfold return tp-iiim the tax he
has to pay by reason of this protective duty
upon our iron.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I acknowl-
edge the magnificence and grandeur of the
State in part represented by the able gentleman
who has just addressed this committee, but,
sir, I am mortifiedat the plea which he has put
in on account of that State. If she is possessed
of all these resources, boundless, magnificent,,
andgrandashehasdescribedthem,itdoesseem
to me that the people of Pennsylvania ought
to be able to live upon the resources of their
State without taxing the farmers, the produ-
cers, the agriculturists of the West. The gen-
tleman tells us that we cad have cheap iron if
their laborers live in mud hovels, with little fur-
niture, and a pig at the door. Why,'we can
give him a pig almost for nothing if he will
come out to us in the West. We can .'scarcely
raise a pig there because of the expense, that
it is to us on account of the high taxation that,
we have to pay in order to keep the State of
Pennsylvania in good humor, in order to de-
velop the resources of that grand old State.
One would almost suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that the people of the West'were entirely rep-
resented by the manufacturers and the Repre-
sentatives from Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, from the Philadel-
phia district, [MrJ Kelley,] tells us that he
pleads in behalf of the farmers. Sir, the farm-
ers whom I represent ask no such Represent-
ative and no such plea from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. We ask to have cheap
iron. We ask to have the opportunity of liv-
ing without having to pay taxes all the time
for what we need. The gentleman tells us
that they furnish a market for us. This cry
has been made for forty years, and for forty
years we have been told that manufactures
were in their infancy.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Sixty years.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend here says for
"sixty years" we have been told that manu-
factures were in their infancy. I ask, in God's
name, when will they ever attain their major-
ity ? This has bfeen the longest an infant of any
child I ever knew or healfd of. " We have been
nursing it'with our life-blood until 6ur people
are borne down to the very dust by paying
tribute to the "great, grand old State of Penn-
sylvania."
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask-him a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose I must, as' I
spoke so much upon this subject, and he has
spoken so little.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask, what is the age
of the infant represented by the furnaces and
rolling-mills of Bay'View, and the iron mines
and the furnaces 'of Marquette ? ; -'
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Just about as old as
the infant from Pennsylvania" who is crying so
loudly to be nursed." [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. They are in the young
State of Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The one is just about as
much entitled as the other to be nursed longer.
Sir, if the people in Pennsylvania cannot pro-
duce iron without the people of the West being
taxed to aid them, then let them turn their
attention to agriculture ; let them go Wfest and
dig with ns. If they cannot produce iron,
with all the opportunities and advantages just
described by'my friend on my right here, [Mr.
Woodward,] then let them go West If the'
State of Pennsylvania is so great and grand,
and her resources are such as he has just de-
scribed, why do they come here and beg so
constantly and persistently that we of the West
shall be taxed to assist them ? Why should
we not be permitted to raise wheat at 50 cents,
per bushel, without paying tribute to them 1
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. What I shall' say will be inf
response  - ; 
I he CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment has been exhausted." '' ~
