1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
time to time to require of the Government
bank as a concession to the country and as a
relief to the burdens imposed upon the masses.
It has felt that it could not justify itself to the
people if Unpermitted the great national bank
to have an immense franchise, as valuable as
immeuse, not more valuable and not more a
monopoly than the franchise created by this bill
is about to become to our national banks, with-
out compelling the bank to pay roundly in
the way of compensation for a privilege so
extremely lucrative.
The Senator from New York says the case
before us must be treated as though it were a
case between the Government and a private
individual. That illustration must, I think,
have struck the Senator since he took his seat
as erroneous : an illustration made in the heat
of debate, and not tenable upon any sound
judgment. It is precisely because it is not a
case between an individual private holder of a
bond and the Government that the rule pro-
posed in this bill may well apply and ought to
apply. Is it possible that gentlemen forget
that what we have here is the case of an insti-
tution created by Congress for banking pur-
poses, invested by Congress with a franchise of
enormous profit? Can gentlemen see no dif-
ference between such a case as that and the
instance put of dealings between the Govern-
ment and private citizens holding our bonds?
The difference is so wide that it is impossible
to imagine any relation of analogy between the
tiro cases.
The real difficulty about the provision is that
it is not sweeping enough. If we were to app ly
here_ the rule which the British Government
applies to the Bank of England we should
compel these banks to pay over to the Govern-
ment a very large proportion of the enormous,
unheard-of profits which they have made up
to this time out of the public grant and credit.
It is true that those profits were doubtless
larger than any one expected; and nobody
blames the banks that they have been so. That
was their good fortune ; but they will be much
to blame, and the political party which under-
takes to sustain them will find the task one of
extreme difficulty, if after all that has taken
place, after the extraordinary, enormous, com-
pounded profits which these banks have made
at every step and at every turn of their deal- 1
ings with the Government and the people—com- J
mencing from the time when they bought bonds
for fifty cents on the dollar, and upon the '
interest which they received in gold, got a pre-
mium of fifty, sixty, or seventy per cent, in
paper—if after such a history as that they
shall attempt a refusal to abate their unwar- [
ranted claims upon the Government, or to
remit somewhat of their enormous gains, and
bear their full part of the great financial obli-
gations of the country.
In the report of the Comptroller, lying on our
tables, I find that on October 9, of last year, the
capital stock of these banks was a little over i
four hundred and twenty-five million dollars. I j
find also that their "surplus fund" at that
date was over eighty-six million dollars; that
what were called their "undivided profits"
at that date were over forty million dollars.
The amount of the net profits which they
divided does not appear in this report; but I j;
have seen them stated in an authentic shape in
a public print at nearly eleven per cent, on
the average on their capital. This is admitted
hy the banks themselves. To that admitted
sum add the ordinary addition to be made to
a bank's statement of its own profits, say
forty or fifty per cent., and I think it will not
he extravagant to say that the divided net
profits of these banks during last year were
fully fifteen per cent, on their capital. Surely
this is not an improbable estimate if you con-
sider that they had six per cent, in gold upon
their bonds, worth in paper seven to eight per
cent., and upon those bonds the right to issue
ninety dollars in notes on every $100, for
which they must have received, I should say,
at the lowest an average interest of seven
per cent.
If Senators think that they can sustain before
the country the position of resisting in the inter-
est of the banks a provision which requires them
to substitute in lieu of the bonds now held as
security the bonds provided by this bill, and
bearing a lower interest, they are welcome, so
far as 1 am concerned, to pursue that course.
But if I know any thingof the temper ofthe coun-
try, if I have learned anything of the history of
the struggles which have been from time to time
between the money power wielded by one bank
or many banks and the people, I think if Sen-
ators on the other side can afford to take such
a position we of the Opposition can afford to
let them.
I shall vote against any modification of this
section on account of the principle involved
rather than the pecuniary amount. I shall be
much gratified if some one of the Administra-
tion Senators—for I presume it would be quite
futile for any member of the Opposition to do
so—will offer an amendment which shall turn
into the Treasury of the country a portion of
the profits of these banks at least as large as
that given by the Bank of England out of a
much smaller percentage of profits. A larger
portion would be more fair, more considerate
of the people and their great btfrdens of taxa-
tion and of interest. We see what has been
done elsewhere. Can we not imitate if we will
not equal it? Surely it ought not to be said
that in this great Republic, with our popular
democratic representative forms, the Congress
of the Union is more tender of the banks and
less considerate of the people than the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to move an amend-
ment that takes precedence of the pending
amendment. The pending amendment being
to strike out the whole of the eighth section, I
move to strike out so much of the eighth sec-
; tjon as there is after " 1864," in the eleventh
line. T want to retain in the eighth section the
right of the present existing banks when their
bonds mature, as they will this fall, to exchange !
them for new bonds issued under the provis-
ions of this act if they choose to do it. By i
striking out the residue of that section it will i
allow the national banks whose bonds have not !
matured to bold on to them till they do mature, !
which is right. You cannot compel them mor- j
ally if you can legally. They have got bonds !
which do not mature until 1881, and they have
the right to hold them. Perhaps the Senator ;
from Connecticut will accept my suggestion, to |
strike out all after " 1864," in line eleven, and \
leave the present organized banks just as they |
are until their bonds mature. I wish to insert J
two words to make it harmonize, and they are j
" hereafter organized" after the word "asso-
ciations," in the seventh line ; but that can be
done subsequently. J
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Connecticut accept that in lieu of
his own proposition ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I accept it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Con-
necticut accepts ray amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will not interrupt
the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I am through.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I cheerfully accept
the amendment suggested bythe Senator from
Kansas. I have no desire to interfere with a
proper funding bill; nor have I any objections
to the enactment of a law by which banks that
may hereafter be organized shall be required to
deposit as security for their notesbonds bearing
a less interest than six per cent, or five per
cent. I have no objection to requiring banks
to deposit bonds which shall bear an interest
which shall meet the general wishes of the
public, which shall aid the Government, if you
please. What I object to is any measures that
will force them into that position ; any meas-
ures that will appear to be unjust toward them
or rob them of those privileges to which they
have a right under the contract and agree-
ments entered into between them and the Gov-
ernment. Those that are hereafter organized
upon a new basis will not for awhile stand in
as favorable a position to make money as those
which are now organized, as they will be receiv-
ing for their bonds a less rate of interest; but
if this Government can make its loans upon new
bonds as has been proposed, with the money
received it can redeem or pay about one huu-
dred and seventy million dollars of bonds now
deposited by the banks, and as they pay or re-
deem those bonds the banks will be required
to deposit new bonds bearing a lower rate of
interest. This difference in the position of the
two will become narrower and narrower, and
in avery Bhort time they will be on the same
footing.
The Senator from Ohio alluded to a remark
which I made in favor of compelling the invest-
ment of trust funds in United States bonds. For
the same reason I would be in favor of requir-
ing banks that may hereafter be organized to
deposit bonds bearing a less interest than those
which banks have now deposited. If Congress
should authorize the building of a railroad, and
in order to aid the enterprise make a grant of
1 lands, and if it should require the railroad com-
' pany to mortgage its property to secure its
bonds, and if there should be a sale of the
lands, it would be right and proper to require
that the net receipts for those lands should be
invested in United States securities. The rail-
road company would then act with their eyes
wide open, and the Government would act
toward them in good faith ; and I would be very
glad to have this Government adopt a policy
that would require the investment of all trust
funds which may be created by authority of
Congress in United States bonds. It seems to
me that is not improper.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut accepts the suggestion of the Sen-
: ator from Kansas, which is to strike out all of
i the eighth section after "1864,'' in the eleventh
line.
i Mr. SUMNER. There is a word which has
been introduced into this debate with which
we were all very familiar in another relation
some years ago. It is the word "coercion."
A President of the United States announced
in most formal phrase that we could not coerce
a State; and now, borrowing a phrase from
Mr. Buchanan, we are told we cannot coerce
a national bank. Well, sir, is the phrase ap-
plicable? If it be applicable, then I insist that
we can coerce a national bank; but I do not
admit its applicability. What I insist on has
already been so ably and clearly stated by the
chairman of the committee that perhaps I need
not add another word. I do not like to occupy
your time ; yet I cannot forbear reminding you,
sir, of the plenary power which Coagress has
reserved over the banking system in that very
act by which it was established.
The Senator from Grififornia has read to you
the clause. We Have been reminded to-day
by a Senator On this floor that these are formal
words, words that often appear in statutes.
But are they not significant words? Have
they not a meaning? Why are they there?
Because they have a meaning; because they
reserve to Congress what I call plenary power
over the whole system. That system may be
readjusted, modified, shaped anew, and the
banks cannot complain. They began their
existence under that law. They knew the con-
ditions of their being, and they cannot now
murmur if Congress chooses to exercise the
prerogative which it reserved at the very incep-
tion of the whole system.
Sir, I approach this question, therefore, with
the conviction that the whole matter is open
to our discretion. Nobody can say safely that
what is now proposed is not within the power
of Congress. Congress may do it if the occa-
sion justifies, if in its discretion it thinks best
to do it. It may do it if it thinks that the
financial policy of this country will be thereby
