1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5607
gated to pay, and thus preventing any further
trouble. If this bill passes the House it will go
to the Senate, and the Senate will have three
propositions before them on which they must
decide: either to adjourn without making any
provision for the Indians, and thereby to in-
volve the country in a bloody and expensive
tvAr with those people ; to adopt the position
which the House has taken in reference to these
new treaties made with roving and scattered
bands of Indians; or to take this bill which I
now offer, and which enables the President of
the United States to preserve the peace among
those Indians and make such payments as are
required by the old treaties that have been
sanctioned by both Houses of Congress. If
the bill should not be accepted by the Senate,
the responsibility will not rest with the House
of Representatives ; but I have no doubt it will
be accepted by the other branch, and that peace
will be preserved.
This bill appropriates §5,000,000, whereas
the bill no^' between the two Houses appro-
priates about seven million dollars. With that
difference it enables the President of the Uni-
ted States to do what we enabled him to do last
year under similar circumstances, and what
the Committee on Appropriations deemed it
better for us to do, year after year, than to
adopt and entail upon the country for thirty
years provisions of treaties—some of which it
is impossible to carry out according to their
terms—in regard to some of which it is very
difficult, and almost impossible, to find the par-
ties with whom they purport to be contracted,
and all of them of such a character, Mr.
Speaker, that the House of Representatives
are, in my opinion, justified in saying that
almost any alternative should be accepted
rather than we should ratify those treaties, and
entail upon the country for the coming year
the consequences of doing so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question and make
a remark?
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions whether the President is, by the bill h 
now proposes, empowered to distribute the
§5,000,000 in such a way as he may choose ;
and whether, under the bill, it is possible for
him so to distribute the amount as to^ make,
according to the terms of these treaties, the
payments they provide for, and thus to recog-
nize them?
Mr. WELKER. Before the debate proceeds,
let. the bill be read.
The bill making appropriations to enable the
President to pay certain annuities to and for
preserving the peace with the various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 80, 1871, and
for other purposes, was then read. It appro-
priates the sum of $5,000,000, or so much
thereof as may he necessary, to enable the Pres-
ident to maintain the peace among the several
tribes, bands, and parties of Indians, to pay
the annuities of some, and to promote civiliza-
tion among said Indians, and bring them where
practicable upon reservations, relieve their
necessities, and encourage their efforts at self-
support; and a detailed report of all expend-
itures up to that date under this appropriation
is to be made to Congress in December next.
Mr. DAWES. I will state, as the gentle-
man will observe from hearing the bill read,
that it puts the power entirely in the hands
of the President, and requires him to report
at the next session of Congress all he does.
Under this bill I understand that he can dis-
tribute this money if he chooses precisely as
is provided by these treaties, or otherwise, it
be deems it wise. The responsibility to pre-
serve the peace among the India.ns rests on
him. It, is a kind of legislation that should be
resorted to only in the last extremity, lhe
question is between that and war, and the
adoption and ratification oi these treaties. I
would put no such power in the hands of the
President of the United States did I not be-
lieve that it is now the only practical way of
preserving the peace among these tribes. I
apprehend that with this money he will take
these old treaties of thirty years' standing,
and fulfill their requirements, and as to the
requirements of these other tfeaties he will
take the suggestions of those treaties; he will
follow them so far as they commend them-
selves to his judgment, but he will not thereby
involve us in any manner in a sanction of
those treaties.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I want to know
if I am to understand by this bill that power
is given to the President- to use the money
or a portion of this money to concentrate the
Indians upon reservations?
Mr. DAWES. There is a provision of that
kind. It adopts the language of the last bill
to that extent.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Am I correct,
then, in understanding that it is within the
power of the President to use any portion of
this money to concentrate the Indians upon
reservations?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, if he deems it best.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Take, for_ in-
stance, the ease of the Osage Indians of Kan-
sas, with which the gentleman is familiar.
Would the President have power to remove
those Indians?
Mr. DAWES. I suppose he would have
power, with their consent, to do it, provided he
thought it necessary in carrying out the gen-
eral policy of preserving peace. Of course, he
would not have authority to extinguish any
title they may have.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I do not refer
to that; I allude simply to the removal of the
Indians.
Mr. DAWES. It puts the entire control of
the Indians into the hands of the President, so
far as it would not violate existing laws and
treaties.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Then I hope the
bill will pass.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Sir. Dawes] that
he add an amendment prohibiting the payment
of old claims. It seems to me $4,000,000 are
enough to appropriate.
The appropriations for several years have
been as follows:
Statement of appropriations made on account of the
Indian service for the eleven fiscal yearn ending June
For fiscal year ending June 30,1860,say...£2 593,207 70
For fiscal year ending June 30,1861, say... 1,999,873 23
For fiscal year ending .Tune 30,1862, say... 2,788,373 S3
For fiscal year ending June 30,1803, say.. 2,130,065 18
For fiscal year ending J une 30,1864, say... 3,6!)l,8i!() 94
For fiscal year ending J une 30,1865, say... 2,511.928 63
For fiscal year ending J une 30,1866. say... 3.209,257 01
For fiscal year ending June 30,1867, say... 4,601,401 34
For fiscal year endiug J une 30,1S68, say... 3,703,844 57
For fiscal year ending J une 30,1869, say... 4,045,210 69
For fiscal year ending June 30,1870, say... 6,201,707 10
The amendment I suggest is as follows :
Butno moneyherein apprqpriatedshalibcapplied
in payment of claims for services heretofore rendered
or supplies heretofore furnished without a uthority
of law.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed a
bill (II. R. No. 2201) to amend the natural-
ization laws and to punish crimes against the
same, and for other purposes ; and a joint reso-
lution (II. 11. No. 154) for the relief of Jane
Dean Bishop.
indian appropriations.
The House resumed the consideration of the
proposition of Mr. Dawes, to introduce a bill
making an appropriation of S5,000,000 to
euable°tlie President to preserve peace with
the Indians, &c.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gauvsv:u>] is entitled to Uit; tloov.
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 re.id some
davs since with considerable care a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior addressed to the
President, and printed as a document, either
by the Senate or the House, I now forget
which. In that letter one thought was very
prominent, to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman who has charge of (his
matter, [Mr. Dawes.] If I understood the
reading of that letter the chief point of dangi-r
in Our present Indian relations was tins: the
Indians were anxious to know whether we in-
tended to keep our treaty relations with them
or not. It was not so much a matter of how
much money we should pay them, or whether
we should pay the money in accordance with
fhe provisions of the treaties or not, whether
they were to understand that we were willing
to keep those treaties.
Now, if I understand these treaties of 1' ■>!
and 1868, while there is much in them tin. t
in common with my friends on this floor dis-
agreed with; while, as may be remembered, I
at one time, some two years ago, refused to
vote for any Indian appropriation bill until the
Indian Bureau was cleaned of its corruptions;
it seems to me that we are now brought face to
face with this proposition: will we keep a set
of treaties not made without our authority, but
made specifically under our direction and by
the direct order of Congress? The commis-
sioners to make these treaties were appointed
by order of Congress, and some of them were
actually named by Congress. They were di-
rected to visit the Indians and make treaties
with them. And now it is proposed that the
Congress of the United States shall turn around
and refuse to carry out the treaties made by
its own order and by commissioners named by
Congress.
My belief is, from all I am able to learn on
this subject, that $5,000,000 if paid without
recognizing these treaties will not save us from
an Indian war; while $4,000,000 with a recog-
nition of the treaties probably will save us
from an Indian war. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] says thatthere are three
alternatives presented to the Senate; either to
have no appropriation bill and an Indian war,
or to take the new bill which he proposes, or
to consent to the House appropriation bill
which we sent them. 1 think there is still
another proposition; that is, that the House
should make some concession for the purpose
of saving the country from an Indian war, that
the House itself should do something to ratify
its own treaties and to carry out the work of
its own hands.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman say
whether he recommends the recognition of
these treaties as treaties with foreign nations?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would not as
an original question do anything of the sort.
But I mean to say that we are involved in treaty
stipulations with Indians, and have always
recognized treaties with the Indians.
Mr. DAWES. What would the gentleman
say should the British Government undertake
to-day to make a treaty with an Indian tribe
on our soil on the plea that that tribe was to
us a foreign nation ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Our Constitu-
tion specifically declares that we shall have
power to make treaties with the Indian tribes
and to regulate commerce with the Indian
tribes.
Mr. DAWES. Does it say so ?
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Certainly itdoes.
Mr. DAWES. To make treaties with the
Indian tribes ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And to regulate
commerce with theip.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman read
that portion of the Constitution about making
treaties with the Indian tribes?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The. gentleman
wilt recognize the tact that the Constitution
does specifically declare that we may regulate
commerce with the Indian tribes.
