1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
promoted. The banks are all parties to that
policy. May not the country turn around and
ask the banks to do their part in this great
work of renovation? To a certain extent the
banks are in partnership with the Government.
May not the Government insist that they shall
do their part on this great occasion? Shall
this effort of ours to readjust our finances and
to save this large interest to our country be
thwarted by a pretension on the part of the
banks that we have not the power to interfere?
But we are reminded that there is a differ-
ence between power and right. How often,
sir, on other occasions have I so insisted in
this Chamber? A great, broad, vital distinc-
tion there always is between power and right.
A nation or an individual may have a power
without right. Now, is there not here aright
as well as a power? I cannot doubt it. I
cannot doubt that Congress may rightfully
exercise what I cannot doubt is an existing
power. Why should it not? It could exer-
cise it, who can doubt? with reference to the
public interests, to promote the national credit.
It will not exercise it in any spirit of wanton-
ness, in any spirit of injustice ; but to promote
the national credit. Is not that a rightful
object? No one will say the contrary. Why,
then, shall we hesitate?
We are reminded that these banks have
secured certain privileges; and it is said often
that those are vested, and the old phrase,
"vested rights," has been repeated. But how
can they have vested rights under a statute
which contained the provision already read to
us, securing to Congress full power to change
it in every respect? What, then, is the simple
aspect of this question? It is that certain secur-
ities have been lodged with the Government by
these banks on which they transact their busi-
ness, and now in readjusting the national debt
it is deemed advisable and for the public inter-
ests that the securities should be at a lower
rate of interest than when they were originally
deposited. Is it not right for Congress to re-
quire that? I cannot see the wrong in it. I
cannot see any doubt on the question. To my
mind it is clear; it is absolutely within the
province of Congress in the exercise of the
discretion which it originally retained over
this whole subject.
I hope, therefore, that in this debate we shall
not be pressed too much with the suggestion
that we cannot coerce these banks. If the
occasion requires, «nd if the term.be applica-
ble, then do I say we may coerce these banks
to the extent of obliging them, to take these
securities At a reduced rate of interest. I find
no repudiation in that. I find nothing wrong in
that. I find nothing in it but a simple measure
in harmony with this great process of finanoial
reconstruction in which;we are now engaged.
I cfiU.it financial reconstruction; and in this
work oi|gbt not the banks take their place and
perform their ?
Now, sir, J h%y« aipriticism on this section.
It does not go7farapouah. The committee
propose that the banlu shf Uptake one third of
the three different kinda of bonds*.the five,
the four and a half, and the four per, cents.
I think they ought to be required to take all in
fours, and I propose to give the $enate an
opportunity of expressing its judgment on that
proposition. I may be voted down; perhaps
1 shall be; but I shall make a motion, in the
honest, endeavor to make this bill a practical
measure, which can best succeed. I wish to
mature it; I wish to put it in the best shape pos-
sible ; and for the sake of the banks, and in the
interest of the banks, I wish such a measure
as shalt have a reasonable chance of stability
hi the future. If you allow the banks gains
that are too large there will necessarily be a
constant opposition growing and developing as
their gains become more conspicuous. Why
expose the system to any such criticism? Let
us now revise it carefully; place it on sure
but moderate foundations, so that it will have
iu itself the elements of future stability.
To my mind that is the more politic course,
and I am sure it is not unjust. You and I,
Mr. President, remember very well what was
done on another occasion. The State banks
were taxed out of existence. It was the cry,
" Tax them out of existence; do not let them
live; drive them from competition with these
new children of ours, the national banks.'' It
was done. Was not that coercion? If-the
phrase is to be employed, there was an occa-
sion for it. But I am not aware that it was
argued, certainly with no great confidence, that
to do that was unjust. It was a measure of
policy wisely adopted at the time, and which
we all now see has answered well. But, if we
could tax the State banks out of existence, can
we not, under the very specific terms of the act
of Congress to which these national banks owe
their existence, apply a rale not unlike to
them ? We do not propose to tax them out of
existence, but we propose to require that they
shall lodge with the Government securities at
a lower rate of interest.
There is but one other remark I will make,
and that is, we all know, unless I am much
deceived, that the banks have during these last
years made great profits. I am told that the
profits of the national banks are two or three
times greater than those of the old State banks,
which we did not hesitate to tax out of exist-
ence. Now, is not that a fact in this case?
Is it not an essential element? Should it not be
taken into consideration on this occasion ? If
these national banks are the recipients of such
large profits should we not exercise all the
power that belongs to ns to compel them to
their full contribution to this great measure
of financial reconstruction ? I cannot hesitate
in my conclusion.
Now, sir, in order to give expression, only
a partial expression, to my own sense of jus-
tice in this matter I move—and the motion I
shall now make will be in order—on line four-
teen of section eight, after the word "under,''
to insert "the third section of this actso
that the bonds the banks are to deposit will
be those issued under the third section of this
act, being the four per cents., not the four and
a half or the five per cents.
Mr. POMEROz. My amendment is an
amendment to an amendment. This whole bill
of the Finance Committee is an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that. But
then the Senator is aware that when a motion
is made to strike out any part of a bill or of
a section that of itself is open to amendment
before the question is put on striking out. It
is on that ground that I now interpose this
motign.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is correct and the Senator
from Kansas is correct. There cannot be so
many amendments pending; but a motion to
strike out is reserved by parliamentary practice
always until the part proposed to be stricken
out is perfected.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The Senator from Connecticut has
modified hispaotion, and it now stands to strike
out all of the eighth section after " 18b4" in
the eleventh line, pending which the Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the part
proposed to be stricken out after the fourteenth
line, so that the banks will be required to
deposit bonds issued under the third section
of this%ct.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not intend to say a
word more on this bill; but the apparent want
of knowledge on this subject shown by the
speech of the Senator from Massachusetts is
so unusual in his case that I cannot help say-
ing a few words in opposition to what he has
said. He seems to think that the Government
has been doing a favor all the time to these
banks. I differ from him very much. When
the country was in extremity and the Secretary
of the Treasury of that day pledged his whole
reputation for the new banking system which
he thought would enable him to have his bonds
taken, he appealed to the banks, he appealed
to me individually, as the owner at that time
of an interest in some banks, and begged me
for the sake of the country to assist him in get-
ting the country banks to take stock in his new
bank.
I look upon this amendment as in the inter-
est of the large banks in the cities, and I want
to attract the attention of the chairman of the
committee to this subject. I look on this as a
scheme of the banks in large cities to destroy
the country banks. The large banks can make
profit at any rate of interest on their bonds.
One bank in Philadelphia, for instance, with
$2,000,000 of capital, has a circulation of about
one million six hundred thousand dollars, and
receives interest upon all that, because it is now
to the advantage of the country banks to use
that circulation in their business. Before the
national banking system commenced the coun-
try banks had a large circulation, the city
banks had large deposits, and their interests
were different; but they made the system ser-
viceable all around by the country banks keep-
ing their deposits in the cities and enabling the
city banks to take advantage of that. Now the
city banks have the deposits as they had before,
and they have this immense circulation because
under the present system a bank note issued
never comes back. Take, for instance, the old
Bank of Pittsburg. It had a circulation of five
or six hundred thousand dollars, with a cap-
ital of perhaps two hundred thousand dollars.
That circulation passed as gold and silver in
the whole country in which it was known. Now,
if the capital was the same as it was then,
$200,000 at the time I refer to, it would have
now $160,000 in circulation. The Secretary
of the Treasury at that date allowed banks to
be established as small as $50,000 capital.
Take a bank of $60,000 capital with $40,000
in circulation, what profit can it make on the
circulation ? None at all, for the chairman of
this committee seems to have forgotten that
these banks pay very large taxes now. The
average tax upon the national banks through-
out the country the year before last was four
and a half per cent, upon all their capital.
I am told that last year, although 1 have not
seen the actual report, the taxes were about
eight per cent. The consequence is that a
country bank now does not loan money to the
people. In former times the bank notes were
money, and the banks lent them to their neigh-
bors all around in their business. This stimu-
lated and benefited the business of the country
in which they were located. Now, they do a
different business ; they buy bills, and charge
percentages so as to get large interest, so that
the country is not benefited. To-day a man
came to me from the lumber region of my
State and said, " I have property which has
cost me $50,000; I have worked there for
ten or twelve years and built up a large coal
and lumber interest; to-day I want $5,000,
and if I cannot get that the sheriff will sell me
out, and the labor of my ten years will be gone.''
I said to him, " Go to the banks." " Well,"
he replied to me, "the banks do not lend
money any more;" and I knew it was so.
They do not lend money; but if you have a
draft up on New Y ork, or if you have a bond to
sell, they will discount that draft or buy that
bond, and they will charge you discount and
interest and exchange until they get twelve or
fifteen per cent., but they will lend to no man
at long dates.
Now, one of the errors, it seems to me, of
trying to push this scheme forward is that you
?ut too many things together. Every Senator,
think, would be willing to pass a reasonable
funding bill enabling the Government, if it can
do so, to get its bonds taken at less interest.
But you have gone against the old adage that
it is unwise to do more than one thing at a
time. Do one thing well, and you will succeed
better. If we left this loan until the credit of
