2776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18s
during the period of time I have mentioned, we
may safely infer that it has been profitable to
all the parties interested. I desire to call at-
tention to another fact. The duty on pig iron
in 1840 amounted to an average duty of less
than $5 per ton. A. table accompanying the
report ol' Hon. Thomas Corwiu, Secretary of
the Treasury in 1830, shows the cost of im-
ported pig iron from 1843 to 1850, as follows:
Duty
Year. Cost. per ton.
1843 *12 46 $0 90
11844   13 42 9 00
Ibid 18 40 9 00
1JJ4G  20 24 9 00
iSJi)  38 40 <5 52
1*j7   20 11 6 06
1848.: 15 79 4 74
 13 13 3 91
ISM:  12 69 3 81
The duty continued at 30 per cent, ad valorem
until 1857, when the duty was reduced to 2i
per cent, ad valorem; and yet the production
of pig iron -with this low rate, scarcely $4 per
ton protection, largely increased.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I should like to have a vote on
ray amendment, to make the duty $8. I have
not withdrawn it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the informal
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentlemen from the prairie States are
continually charging Pennsylvania with impos-
ing a tax upon their agriculture and their agri-
cultural implements. I propose to show you
how she taxes them. In 180-4 every agricul-
tural implement warehouse in the great West
had to pay from $800 to $350 a ton on the
steel used in making these agricultural imple-
ments. Two years later Pennsylvania estab-
lished steel-works, and from that time to the
present she has been able to improve upon the
manufacture of that article, so that the article
of steel has been brought down until the men
of tbe prairie States to-day can buy the steel
that enters into their hoes and shovels, their
plows and harrows, at one third less, gold
value, than formerly, and steel rails have come
down from §135 to $75 per ton, gold value,
and American worts can supply the American
market. That is the way in which Pennsyl-
vania taxes the great West.
It has been said to you by one of the gentle-
men from Illinois [Mr. Ikgersoll] that the
whole amount of the population dependent
upon the iron business of the country was
about 115,000 people. The incorrectness of
this statement has been exposed by my col-
league from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] who
might have gone still further and showed you
that taking up the census report of 1860 it
appears that one third of the whole population
of the United States depended directly or in-
directly upon the manufacturing industry of
the country, which manufacturing industry was
protected by a protective tariff. And if we
carry out the calculation on the population
of to-day, and assume that the same proportion
of our people are engaged in or are dependent
upon manufactures, we will find that in the
broad extent of our land at the present time
some 14,000,000 people are now dependent
for their living, more or less, upon the man-
ufacturing industry of the land. Every indi-
vidual in this nation upon an average con-
sumes five bushels of wheat or a barrel of
flour per annum, so that the population de-
pendent- on our manufacturing industries will
consume 70,000,000 bushels of wheat. And I
want to know if it is an item of no consequence
to the West that there shall be a market for
70,000,000 bushels of wheat the product of our
own nation. ^
It has always appeared to me to be a little
inconsistent in the gentlemen from the com-
mercial cities that they should be in favor of a
iree-trade tariff: that they should favor free
trade and low duties when there is not one of
* Duty, 30 per oent.
them but is in favor of absolute prohibition in
the shape of prohibitory laws in favor of the
coasting trade. There is not a man from the
commercial cities of the country who would_ be
willing to-day to do away with the navigation
acts, and permit the coasting trade to be car-
ried on cheaper than we could do it in British
vessels—not one, because it would strike di-
rectly at the interests of the commercial cities!
There is another matter in connection with
his low tariff to which 1 wish to direct the
attention of the committee, and which has not
yet been mentioned; and that is to the fact
that by the tariff, as it stands to-day, we are
running into debt to England and other coun-
tries abroad at the rate of $200,000,000 per
annum. Mr. Wells, who is the great authority
with the free-trade gentlemen on the other side
of the House, tells you that in the last seven
years we have exported $1,405,000,000 of our
public securities ; and the tables from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury show that in addition
to those bonds we have sent abroad $450,000,-
000 in coin. That makes over $1,900,000,000,
which, during that period, has gone abroad to
pay for the imports we receive. And if the
tariff is to be made still lower than it is at
present, still heavier will be our indebtedness,
and the day when we will be able to resume
specie payments will be so far distant that it will
be impossible to make any calculation that will
approximate to the time, nor is the man living
who will be likely to see such resumption.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire now to make one
more effort to stop debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the debate is closed I should like to say some
words in reply on my amendment to make the
duty $o. I have not had an opportunity of
saying a word on it yet.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I ask unanimous consent
that debate be closed in fifteen minutes.
Objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee riso for the purpose of closing the debate.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
50, noes 7G.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
for a moment to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the amendment which I have offered,
and to which 1 have not thus far had an oppor-
tunity of saying a word. I have listened with
interest to the various arguments which have
been presented here.
The first argument was that Pennsylvania
should have some protection. Well, Pennsyl-
vania taxes for State purposes her iron interest
very largely. She? collects almost all her State
taxes out of the iron interest. If she wants to
protect her iron interest let her abolish her
State taxes on that industry, and thereby re-
lieve the interest, and not call upon the United
States to pay her taxes.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like to know the
gentleman's authority for such a statement as
that.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. It tells,
evidently I I come now to another proposition.
My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] who is a Democrat on every question
but the tariff, undertook to tell us of the great
benefits of railroads. 1 agree with him fully.
But if it were not for the tariff on iron, by the
Bessemer process of making steel we could
have steel rails here at $44 a ton, and so the
statistics wiil show you. Now, then, my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienok,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
tells us that if we do not bring this tariff up to
$7 a ton we shall stop the production of iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. Down, not up.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
down or up to $7 a ton, we shall stop the pro-
duction of iron, because he says all the iron
furnaces will stop. Now, let us apply a few
facts to the case. In the first place the con-
sumption of iron in this country is about
3,000,000 tons per year. Great Britain, which
is the only country which can supply us, makes
about 4,000,000 tons, of which she exports
only about 1,000,000 tons. Now, then, as we
must consume, will consume, do consume, and
shall consume about 2,000,000 tons more than
she can give us, what shall be done? Where
shall we get it? There is no danger of these
iron furnaces stopping any more than there is
of the production of bread stopping. Now, in
this country we consume 100 pounds of iron
per man, and the consumption of iron is a test
of civilization. In Belgium, England, and
France they consume 180 pounds per man.
Why do they consume that amount? Because
it is cheap. "Why do we consume less? Be-
cause it is dear. And we are here gravely
debating whether we shall not keep it dear!
Now, what I desire, as I have said, as to
Pennsylvania and to all other sections is to
give them, fair protection that shall allow them
to live on their manufactures, and, on the
other side, to give fair play to the great con-
suming interests. Divide it; do not put it all
on the one side or all on the_ other. I would
no more vote for free trade in iron than I would
vote for a duty of $10 a ton on pig iron. Either
the one or the other seems to me to be outside
of the right thing. I want a fair division. We
must pay about so much to keep up the iron
interest, and I am ready to do it. We must,
on the other side, pay no more in order to press
forward the march of civilization. I desire to
equalize matters. . -
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] also
says that our high tariff must be right, because
thousands of immigrants come here from the Old
World instead of staying at home. Let me tell
the gentleman that the great body of immi-
grants do not come here to make iron or to
engage in its manufacture. They come here,
thank God, to till the lfind, to redeem the wil-
derness ; and there is where weget our strength.
Mr. MY ERS. They come here because they
get better wages.
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. The bet-
ter wages they get is the privilege of breathing
God's free air under a free Government, ftnd
of obtaining a home upon a soil which God has
given to the people of this country. Now, a
single word further. I am told again by the
gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Kelley]
that we must keep up this iron interest in order
that there may be a market for the agricultural
products of this country. The idea on his part
seems to be that if a man does not work at
manufacturing iron he would not eat; rhat he
would not consumo his two and a half bushels
of wheat a year unless he worts at making
iron. Sir, if he worked at anything else he
would consume just as much as if he worked
at making iron. If he was engaged in raising
wheat and corn he would eat just as much;
there is no doubt about that. With our great
surplus of breadstuffs we have to compete with
the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]*
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Chairman, I do notnnder-
take to speak for the State of Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon the
pending amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. COX. I want a vote on my amendment,
but I will withdraw it if my friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Boyd] will renew it.
Mr. BOYD. I will renew it. I do not under-
take to answer for the State of Missouri; but I
will answer for the inhabitants of the fourth
congressional district of the State of Missouri,
the greatest iron district in the United States
except the third congressional district of Mis-
souri, a district that represents more iron ore
than the balance of the United States, includ-
ing Pennsylvania. You might bring from tbo
Asiatic countries their millions of celestials andE
let them work in my district for ten thousand*
years, and after they had done that, then have'
other millions work there for ten thousand years
more, and yon would not then have exhausted
the mineral ressyurces of my district.
