1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4665
ment at that place, four pieces of brass or iron
condemned cannon suitable for tliat purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has this proposition
been considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs?
Mr. UPSON. It has not been. It simply
proposes to donate, for the ornamentation of a
soldiers' monument, cannon which are useless
to the Government.
Mr. MA YNAPJ). Whenever any proposi-
tion of this kind has been brought up hereto-
fore T have objected unless the member intro-
ducing it could say that the measure had the
approval of the Committee on Military Affairs.
T do not mean to insist on a formal reference
lo that committee, but simply an examination
by thera ; for I think these propositions ought
not to go through without such examination.
Y/e have bad many such applications, and I
think that as a safeguard the gentleman intro-
ducing any such proposition ought to be able
to state that it has the approval of the Military
Committee. Hence I must object to the gen-
tleman's resolution.
mikanda clifford.
Mr. ELA,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2279) to place the name of
Miranda Clifford, mother of E. S. Clifford,
upon the pension-roll; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
funding bill.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
funding bill with one slight verbal amendment,
and to ask that it be made a special order for
Tuesday next after the morning hour, and be
considered at that time in the House under the
five-minutes rule.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Y/ays and Means [Mr. Schenck] can
report the bill for reference to the Committee
of the Whole. It can then be reached by a
majority vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to making the
bill a special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to have the bill
considered in the House and under a five-min-
utes debate. This subject has been so much
discussed in the House that the committee
thought, while they waive their own oppor-
tunity for extended debate, the House would
probably be willing to be restricted also to a
brief business debate. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will not
insist on his objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to making the
bill a special order.
The SPEAKER. Under the circumstances
it requirps unanimous consent to m&ketne bill
a special order m the House, but the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] can make it a special
order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I prefer to with-
draw the bill, and try on next Monday whether
the House will not agree to my proposition
under a suspension of the rules.
army of the cumberland.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at the pres-
ent time a bill to incorporate the Society oi the
Army of the Cumberland.
The bill, which was read,_ provides that any
twenty or more members ol the Society of t.ie
Army of the Cumberland may, at any annual
reunion of the society, form themselves into a
corporation, executing for iliatpurposejirtiCies
of association to be acknowledged before any
properly authorized officer of the United States
or of any State. The association is to 1}0 en-
dowed with ordinary corporate powers, includ-
ing the right to purchase, hold, and convey
property, real, personal, and mixed, not ex-
ceeding in value 8100,000. The object of the
corporation is declared to be to perpetuate the
history of the army of the Cumberland, and
generally to promote the interests and welfare
of the soldiers of that army and their families.
It is further provided that any corps or army
socicty composed of soldiers engaged in the
war for the suppression of the rebellion may
form themselves into a corporation in accord-
ance with the provisions stated, and when so
incorporated shall enjoy all the powers and
privileges contemplated by the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the consideration
of that bill at the present time. I think it
ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Very well; let it be so
referred.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
2280) was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
bridge across missouri river.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw my objection to
the reporting and consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1227) to authorize the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river.
Mr. PALMER. Before the Chair again asks
unanimous consent for the consideration of the
bill I trust I may be allowed to make a brief
statement.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] to
make a statement, the right to object to the
consideration of the bill being reserved?
There was no objection.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, by the legis-
lation of Congress a company was authorized
to be organized to build a bridge over the Mis-
souri river at the terminus of the Union Pa-
cific railroad. The company was organized,
the bridge commenced, and about three hun-
dred thousand dollars expended. It was then
found that the mortgages of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company would cover this bridge,
and therefore the railroad companies on the
east side of the river, who had furnished a por-
tion of the money to build the bridge, refused
to put any more money into it. The work is
stopped, and the people of that country are
suffering from the want of this bridge, and they
will continue to suffer. There are some six
hundred freight cars on the east side of the
river upon the side tracks, and it will so con-
tinue to be until that bridge is completed. All
these gentlemen want is a reorganization of
the company so that the companies on the
east side of the river may put money in with-
out its being covered by the mortgages of the
Union Pacific railroad.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad, of
which I am a member, have unanimously au-
thorized me to report this bill to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is the
bridge to be at the same placc?
Mr. PALMER. Yes, sir; above navigation.
It does not change any of the conditions of the
present bridge at all.
Mr. WELLS. I object, unless the span is
made three hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. PALMER. It is just what the present
bridge will bo when completed. _ It does not
change any of the present conditions at all.
All the parties interested are agreed to this.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. WELLS. I object, unless the span is
three hundred and fifty feet.
donation of condemned cannon.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 342) donat-
ing condemned cannon; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes ana directs
the Secretary of Y.'ar to deliver to the Soldiers
Monument Association at \Yilloughby,_ Olno,
for the ornamentation of the soldiers mon-
ument at that place, four pieces of condemned
bronze cannon suitable for that purpose.
Mr. UPSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which' the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. McKEE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories who may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts," approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend
the time to the State of Mississippi within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and said college established.
Mr. FITCH. I object, and demand the reg-
ular order of business.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour began at twenty-five minutes to twelve
o'clock, and the call of committees rested with
the Committee of Claims.
william b. campbell.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee of Claims,
reportedback a joint resolution (S. R. No. 157)
conferring upon the Court of Claims jurisdic-
tion to hear and determine the claim of Wil-
liam B. Campbell, with the recommendation
that it do pass. It proposes to give jurisdic-
tion to the Court of Claimsto hear anddeterm-
ine the claim of William B. Campbell for the
loss of an unfinished steamer, alleged to have
been seized in the fall of 1861 by order of Gen-
eral Grant, while in command at Cairo, to pre-
vent the same from falling into the hands of
the rebels and being used by them to cross the
river from the Kentucky to the Illinois shore,
and which vessel is alleged to have been lost
in consequence of that seizure. And the court
is authorized to hear and determine the validity
of the claim and the amount of Campbell's
loss.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear
some reason for giving the Court of Claims
jurisdiction in this case ?
Mr. ELA. The reason is this: this steamer
was in an unfinished condition. She bad just
taken on board her machinery, and it was
feared she would be used for the transporta-
tion of rebel forces across the river into Illi-
nois. It was therefore seized by the direction
of the general in command of the Army at
that place, was towed down the river, and was
sunk on account of the unfinished condition in
which she was. The claim seems to be a just
one in every particular, and it would be diffi-
cult for any member of the House to determine
what the value of the machinery was and what
was the amount of the loss sustained. The
Senate, therefore, by this resolution proposes
to confer upon the Court of Claims jurisdic-
tion to determine what was the damage sus-
tained. And upon the statement of facts which
I have submitted to the House, and which are
fully borne out, the Committee of Claims have
recommended the passage of the resolution
conferring that jurisdiction upon the court.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. Did I understand the
1 gentleman to say that the owners ot the vessel
| were to use her for the benefit of the rebels ?
I Mr. ELA. Not at all. It was feared that
the rebels would get possession of the steamer
and use it for the purpose 1 have stated, and
the Government, therefore, seized^ the vessel.
It was a vessel belonging to Union men of
unquestioned loyalty. _
A Member. Where was the vessel seized !
