1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
I stand here with these facts before mo, hay-
ing lived in that district all my life, and being
acquainted with my people, with th eir industries,
their wants, their necessities, and their ideas in
regard to this taxation that gentlemen intend or
expect to impose upon them by means of this
tariff law; and I deny for them and for myself
that they want; this exorbitant taxation of S3, or
$4, or $5, or $6, or $7 per ton for protecting
their industries and enabling their furnaces to
make iron. I know well, for I have the facts
in my possession, that Scotch or English pig
iron can be delivered at New Orleans, or per-
haps at the.port of New York, at a cost of
transportation of $5 per ton; but no iron from
an English port or from a foreign port can be
delivered at St. Louis for less than $13 50 per
ton transportation.
Then, while the Government receives only
$1,275,000 of revenue from the existing tarilf
of $9 per ton, and the people pay to these gen-
tlemen who have invested their capital in fur-
naces a bonus of over §12,000,000 for the pro-
tection of their manufacture of pig iron, it
would not be consistent for me, as the Repre-
sentative of my people—although my district
is composed at least to the extent of one third
of mineral deposits—to say that they should
be taxed for the purpose of protecting the
interests of other districts.
Sir, the doctrine of the American people is
this: that if a manufactory of any kind cannot
maintain itself by its own strength and vitality
it must not be maintained at the expense of
people who have no interest therein. The
people demand of us, they demand of the
Government, that they should be allowed to
buy their goods at any store they choose; that
they shall be allowed to obtain all the neces-
saries of life they need without any prohibitory
tariff, and without any direction on the part of
Congress at which particular shop they shall
make their purchases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CON GEE. Mr. Chairman, never having
been in Missouri, I am unable to say whether
the statement of my friend from that State
[Mr. Boxd] in regard to the vast iron region
there is exactly correct. I had supposed,
however, from information received from peo-
ple acquainted with the iron region of Mis-
souri, and who havp also seen towering up
toward the clouds the great iron mountains
of Michigan, that the iron mountains of Mis-
souri could be placed in one of our valleys,
and would scarcely act the part of a basement
on which to span the valley. [Laughter.]
Now, I want to say to these gentlemen from
Missouri and Iowa, especially to the great Iowa
advocate for free trade, [Mr. Allison,] rep-
resenting as he does a district far removed
from iron regions and from manufactories and
from a lumber country, that the wheat which
the farmers in his district raise brings from
38 to 42 cents a bushel, and there is a tarilf
of 20 cents per bushel on imported wheat, thus
preventing it from coming into competition
with the productions of the gentleman's region
when transported to the iron mines of Penn-
sylvania and Michigan, or used to feed the
vast crowds of lumber-men, with their cattle
and horses, all through Michigan and Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota. The gentleman knows
that the best market for the wheat raised in
his State is the pine region, seventy-five miles
north of him, in the State of Minnesota.
Now, sir, one of my Republican friends on
the other side oi the House I do not know
his name, for as I sit over here in " Egypt"
it is impossible for me to become acquainted
■vvitlx all the gentlemen on the other side of
the House, [laughter]—-undertook to tell this
committee about the iron of Michigan ; and he
said that we neededno protection ^because under
the low tariff in force from 18o6 to 18G0 the
iron product of Michigan increased. Does the
gentleman know that all he was speaking of
was the loose rocks that lay at the loot of our
iron mountains that do not even need powder
to blow them up and prepare them for shipment.
That was not a manufacture. But we have
built up in our State within the last thirteen
years a manufacture of iron aud a production
of iron ore that would astonish many gentlemen
of this House if they would turn their attention
to it. Our entire production when we started
it thirteen years ago was 7,000 tons. In 1869
the little State of Michigan, from its far off
northern _ wilderness ou Lake Superior, pro-
duced 095,500 tons of ore and pig iron and sold
it to Pennsylvania. Any gentleman traveling
through Pennsylvania from Pittsburg toward
the Alleghany mountains will see many a car-
load of Lake Superior iron ore drawn up the
mountains to the Cambria Iron Works, to mingle
with Pennsylvania ore and make it fit for mar-
ket. Some of our Michigan production is
needed to make Pennsylvania iron good for the
uses of the world.
Mr. KELLEY. That is true.
Mr. CONGEE. I know that it is true ; 1
know it as well as any gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can know it. Now, the iron produc-
tion of Michigan during the last thirteen years
has amounted in the aggregate to $23,097,000.
This amount of money has come into our State
from that source; and I will say to my agricul-
tural friends from Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota,
and Ohio that almost the whole of this amount
has gone to pay for the cereals of those agri-
cultural States; and an amount equal to
$34,000,000 has gone into the agricultural
States to pay for the cattle, the horses, the
corn, the oats, the flour, the pork, the beans,
the ham that have gone to the lumbering regions
of Michigan. That part of our State, saying
nothing about Wisconsin or Minnesota, con-
sumes more of the agricultural products of
Illinois and Iowa than have gone to all tho
foreign nations of the world, year by year, for
the last fifteen years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make one more
appeal to the committee to stop debate on this
subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have a vote.
Mx-. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee that all further debate be
closed in five minutes on the pending subject.
Mr. BOOTS. Say ten minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I shall be compelled
to move that the committee rise, so we may go
to the House and close the debate by order of
the House.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 02, noes 46.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Cessna having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeler, reported-that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to order of the House, had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1008) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving that the
House resolve itself again into the Committee
of the Whole I move that all further debate
on the pending paragraph and amendments
shall be closed in ten minutes after its consid-
eration shall be resumed.
Mr. BURR. Pending that motion, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
30, noes 87.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Schexck's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
Tho House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of {lie Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the.special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
the debate on the pending paragraph and
amendments has been ordered to bo closed in
ten minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The chairman of tho
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck}
complains that too few facts enter into the
arguments on this question. Very well; let
us see what the facts are. Let us see what he-
knows about this subject. [Laughter.] In the-
first place, I desire him to iuform the House
how much the ore costs at Iron Mountain
and at Pilot Knob, in Missouri. The gentle-
man does not answer; hence I infer that he
does not know. [Renewed laughter.] What
does it cost in Sussex county, New Jersey?
The gentleman does not answer. I desire,
then, to inform him that the price of ore at
Pilot Knob and at Iron Mountain and in New
Jersey is about S3 50 per ton.
ill-. McOORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
correct the gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no time to
yield. Why does it cost $3 50 a ton for ore at
those places? It is because your high tariff
on iron prevents the construction of com-
peting lines of railroads to go into these iron
regions aud especially into tho iron district of
my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Boyd.] the re-
sources of which he has told us 10,000,000
Chinese laborers could not exhaust in 10,000,-
000 years! But the resources of that great
mining country are now isolated by this exor-
bitant tarilf and prevented from coming into
competition with these other ores. Let us
build railroads down into that district and up
into t|ie iron region of Lake Superior and every-
where else where iron ore is to be found, so that
our people may have cheap iron ore and cheap
iron, so that instead of having iron ore as now,
at $3 50 per ton, we may have it at the mere
cost of mining. Before the war it only cost
$1 50 per ton in Now Jersey and in Missouri.
It has gone up because we have advanced the
tariff on pig iron,which has enabled the owners
to put it up to this enormous price.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. _ Will the
gentleman permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir, I cannot. Now,
let us understand this matter. There are two
very important reasons why we cannot pro-
duce pig iron here as cheaply as it can be in
Europe. First, it is because the policy of tho
money lords of this country is to keep money
scarce and the rate of interest high. It is well
known that there is a dearth of money in our
country, and consequently tho rate of interest
is from lOto 20 per cent., and we all knowthat
no man or set of men can successfully operate
an iron furnace upon borrowed capital under
such conditions. Now for the remedy. In-
crease the supply of the greenback legal-tender
money to such an extent that tho rato of inter-
est shallnotbcabove 3 ordper cent, per annum
on long loans. The second reason is your tariff
is so high that it prevents competition from
abroad, and therefore iron is kept at an exorbi-
tantly high price here. Dear iron and dear
money render it next to impossible to build the
railroads that are so much needed to develop
the great iron-ore regions of Missouri and
Michigan. Then, with money cheapened in
the manner and to the extent indicated, we will
build railroads into all these vast iron-ore sec-
tions of the country. Then, sir, you will see
iron furnaces and rolling-mills glowing red hot
along the banks of the xUississippi and along
the shores of the great lakes. Then we will
have cheap iron and an adequate supply. We
want more money and less tariff. Then we can
compete with Great Britain without compelling
our people to pay to the producers of iron a
tax of $9 per ton under the pretext of raising
revenue for the Government.
