1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were becoming the mere vehicle of sharpers
and land-thieves, at the time the House put
down its foot and said, "You have gone as far
as we will allow you to go." But, as I said a
few minutes ago, these treaties were not made
by the treaty-making power. They are excep-
tional. The treaty-making power consists of
the President and the Senate; but Congress
appointed the commission which negotiated
these treaties with the ragged bands of Indians,
entering into agreements with them, with the
view of preserving peace.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. X desire the gentleman to
state whether there was disagreement on this
bill upon any point except upon the simple
question as to the recognition of these treaties;
in other words, whether there is any question
as to the amount of money to be.paid, or any-
thing of that kind? If there is no other dis-
agreement, -I ask what would be the use of a
new conference committee being appointed?
Mr. SARGENT. I am not in favor of the
appointment of a new conference committee.
I intend at the close of my remarks to move
that the House insist on its disagreement to the
Senate amendments.
Mr. MAYN ARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sarc-ext] is very positive. His
convictions are very firmly fixed. I suggest
.whether,.perhaps, a new conference commit-
tee on the part of the Senate uniting with a new
conference committee 011 the part of the House
might not be able to compose the disagreement
in regard to this very important bill, if we can
pass this Indian appropriation bill it would be
infinitely better than making an appropriation
of $5,000,000 to be placed at the disposal of
the President. The experiment of a new con-
ference committee is certainly worth trying.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand from the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayxard] that this is a report frortua
committee of conference who cannot agree.
And I rise to a question of order. 1 submit
that there is nothing to debate about.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. Canlnotstatethegrounds
of disagreement?
The SPEAKER. If the committee report
a disagreement it would be in order to bring
up some mode of composing the difficulty.
Mr. SARGENT. X move that the House
adhere to its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That, of course,
would kill the bill. Let us vote that down.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, do I still
have the floor?
The SPEAKER'. Yes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] when addressing the House
a little while ago, said that if we persist in our
disagreement we will be responsible for an
Indian war. I deny it. We shall not be re-
sponsible for such a war. II either House is
it will be the Senate, which has refused to take
ample moneys to carry 011 the Indian service
and keep the peace. But we have a duty to
perform to the people, and will be held re-
sponsible if we do not maintain the rights of
the people. We are the guardians of the Treas-
ury, and cannot abdicate it at the dictation ot
the Senate. But we have had an Indian war
for some years past. The Indians themselves
repudiate these treaties. They say that they
were imposed upon them by fraud, that they
were wrongfully interpreted to them. An In-
dian War is already on our borders, although
we appropriated last year six millions of
money. It is not the want of money. It is
the want of good faith with the Indians. It is
because treaties are imposed on them that
they repudiate. That was the burden of their
complaint when here the other day. They
complain more Bitterly of the treaties than
does this House.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my colleague to state
that there is a provison in the bill which waives
this question, saying it shall notaffect oneway
or another the question of those treaties, and
that the Senate declined to .accept of that.
The bill merely postpones till next session the
question of the validity of these treaties. It
does not ask the Senate to give up the power
which they claim, but only postpones a deliv-
erance on the question until next session. It.
proposes to make this appropriation without
settlingthat question, and the Senate conferees
decline that. The House has no other course
than to acknowledge those treaties or to pass
the bill which I have lepoited.
Mr. SARGENT. The very power under
which the United States 'peace commission
was authorized required that the treaties should
bo submitted to the House. They never have
been submitted; but the Senate come here
and say that these treaties having been nego-
tiated by the treaty-making power, we are re-
quired to appropriate $2,500,000, and that we
have no discretion in the matter. 1 f the treaties
had required a payment of $100,000,000 a year
how could we resist it on the same piinoiple ?
Are we not responsible for these expenditures ?
Are we not sent here by t.hp constituencies
representing the different districts to guard the
Tieasury? Here is a proposition to authorize
this large expenditure for the benefit of Indians
and Indian speculators ; and if we object to it
the gentleman from Ohio rises and says, ':0h.
then you will be responsible for Indian wars."
I want to know if the House of Representa-
tives admits that any amount of money can be
taken from the Treasury, from the taxes of the
people, without the consent of the House of
Representatives. It'the Senate in secret ses-
sion can arrange treaties with these Indian
tribes, and vote away millions, and feel insulted
if we demur, why cannot they do the same
thing in regard to Alaska or San Domingo?
Where is the need of any bill for us to act on ?
Why not let the Senate pass its own Indian
appropriation bills, and dispense wi'b any
actiou'by us? Why may the Senate not cede
the State of Maine or California under this
very treaty-making power? By these treaties
they give away a large part of the State of
Nebraska and of the Territory of Montana—
give it over to barbarism for thirty yeais!
Under these treaties the Indiana are now per-
mitted to roam down upon the Union Pacific
railroad as long as the buffalo reams there, in
contact with the tempting trains of wealth and
precious lives. These are facts, and yet, gen-
tlemen ri«e here and say that we are respons-
ible for an Indian war if we do no", £0 baek 1111
our own record and accede to the action of n.e
Senate. [Loud cries of "All right,!'' ''\i>;e!''
"Vote !''] 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion that the House adhere
to its disagreement to the amendments ui the
Senate was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House adhered to its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IX DIA N A I' P it 0t>!;! A T I O X S
Mr. DAWES. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to present a bill making appropriations to
enable the President to pay certain annuities
to and to preserve the peace with various Indian
tribes for theyear ending June 80, 1871, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read for information. It appro-
priates $5,000,000, or as mucb thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the President to main-
tain the peace among the various tribesrbands,
or parties of Indians, to pay annuities to the
same, and promote civilization among said
Indians ; to bring them where practicable on
said reservations, relieve their necessities, and
to encourage their efforts at self-support .aind
education. It also provides that a detailfed
report of all expenditures for the year ending
as before-mentioned shall be made to Congress,
with the proviso that none of the moneys
appropriated by this bill shall be applied to.the
payment of any claim for services heretofore
rendered or supplies heretofore furnished with-
out authority of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection to
the bill, I ask the previous question upon it.
Mr. ARCHER. I understand that this bill
is not the regular order; and I object to its
consideration.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill put on its passage; and I
want to say to gentlemen that "this is the only
alternative against a proclamation Calling us
together again before we can even reach the
depot.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Well, let us
stay here, if necessary.
Mr. ARCHER. We would rather be here
for months than to allow such a bill as this to
pat-i. I demand the yeas aud nays on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY. Before the vote is taken, I
would like to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. DaweS] one question.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objeetion.-
Mr. FERliY. I desire to know whether
tail bill authorizes the President to pay all
legal claims of peaceable Indians as well as
of hostile Indians. I desire that question an-
swered, with reference more particularly to the
Indians in my own State, as well as ia cthet
States sirnilarlj' situated.
Mr. DAWES. It gives the President full
power for that purpose.
The question was then taken; and there
were—jeas 123, nays 01, not voting 40; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amos, Armstrong,
AmoU, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Bennett, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley. Bufnnton, Bm-ehard, Bardett, Roderick K.
Butler, Cake, Ce-sna. Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Am-
:i-Cobb, Co'ourn, Conger. Cook, Cowies, Culfom,
Ilavis. 0,;v/C.-, Desencr. Dixon. Duval, Bla, Foiriss,
Ferry. Fmkelnburg, (Jiliiltan. Harris, H awley, Hefiin,
Hill, Hoar,Hooper. Ingersoli, Judd, Juiian, Kelley,
JCcIiopg. Kelsev, Ketcham, Knopf), Laflin, Lash,
Lawrence, Logun, Lousbridse, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy. MeQrary. McGrew. JlcKee, MeKeiizie,
?Jort-ur, iiiiiikiin II. .Moore. William Moore. Mor-
phis, Ihmiel J. Jlorreil, Myers. Negley, O'Jfeill, —
Drill, Packard, Pai-ker,Paine. Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Porter, Prosser, San-
ford. Sarcrcnt. Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
SselJmi, Porter Sheldon. John A. Smith, William
J. smith. V, illiam Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens.
Stevenson, Stokes, Stouditon, Strickland. Strong,
T.v.t'c, T.'nner, Taylor, Tillman, Towusend, 'fwichell,
aid Wuian?—l!
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams.
Archer. Axtell. Barnum,
ilafeht, iiambieton, Ilamill, Hamilton, tin!man,
Jeuekes, Johnson. Thomas h. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Mayham, AleCormick, .MoMeely, Miines, Morgan,
Munseu, Kiblac-k, Potter, Randall, Beeves. ltiee.
Hosiers, Sheirod, Slueum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles,
Same, Swnmi, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Voor'aocs, Wells, ivapteao M. Wilson, Winchester,
Witeher, Wood, and Woodward—61.
JNOr VO IIJS'G—Messis. B-.Uey, Barry, Beaman,
Booker, Bowen, Benjamin 1?. Batier, V/il-
Newshaiu, Pl.ut.Potoeroy.Kidgway, Roots, Schenck,
Schumaker, Sliobe:, "Woi tinnston C. fSnaith, Strader,
Van Trump, Wallr.ee, V','
So (two thirds voting in favor
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
2413) making appropriations to enable the Pres-
ident to pay certain annuities to preserve the
favor thereof)'the
