522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose "the House
wants information.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes'56, noes 13'.
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll and
Mr. Lynch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes one hundred and four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and un-
der the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
district 01' columbia.
_ Mr. COOK submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous
question :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a rule designating ono day in each month, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, for the consider-
ation of the business of the Distriot of Columbia.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The lattermotion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
harbors in massachusetts.
Mr. BUPFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report upon the necessity and expediency
of establishing a light to mark the pier at the harbors
of Plymouth, Duxbury, and Kingston, in the State
of Massachusetts, together with an estimate of the
cost thereof.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider b.e laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
credentials 01? a member.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I present the creden-
tials of Hon. Robert Ridgway, member-elect
from the fifth district of Virginia, and ask that
they be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. They will be referred
under an ordey of the House already made.
missouri, kansas, and texas railway.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. 11. No. 856) to incorporate
the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas Railway
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to say that I intro-
duce this bill by request, and not having had
an opportunity to read it I do not wish to be
held responsible for what it contains.
james m'mUIIRAY.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief
of James McMurray ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812.
sarah becker.
Mr. HALDEMAN also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduccdabill(H. R. No. 848) granting
a pension to Sarah Beeker, widow of Frederick
W. Beeker, of company E, third Pennsyl-
vania cavalry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
eight-hour law.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. Np. 849) constituting eight
hours a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics in the employ of the Govern-
ment of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether all these bills are introduced and
referred with the understanding that they shall
not be brought baek by motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. They will be entered on
the Journal as if presented under that rule.
The Chair declines to recognize any gentleman
during the morning hour for the purpose of
introducing bills who was not' in- his seat when
his State was called, but will recognize them
after the morning hour on the same condition.
defaulting naval paymasters.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved-, That the Seoretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish to this House the names of pay-
masterswho have been reported defaulters, with the
amount of their respective defalcations since March
4,1860.
heirs of pedro armendaris.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to inform this House by what authority the
heirs of Pedro Armendaris claim to recover from the
Government of the United States compensation for
the use and occupancy of J?ort Craig military reser-
vation, in theTerritory of Now Mexico; also, whether
any payment has been made or claimed under any
lease or pretended lease of said military reservation
to the United States by said heirs.
black lake, michigan.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted :
Resolved, That the "Secretary of War bo requested
furnish to to this House any information in the
Department since his annual report concerning the
condition or improvement of the harbor at Black
Lake, in the State of Michigan.
pur-seal fisheries os alaska.
Mr. SARGENT submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Seoretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate for the information of this
House such facta as ho may have in reference to the
fur-seal fisheries of Alaska, together with his own
recommendation as to the best means of preserving
the fisheries and of securing a revenue therefrom;
and especially to set forth such information as may
be within tho knowledgo of his Department bearing
on current allegations that the law approved July
27, 1808, has failed to accomplish its purpose of pre-
venting the killing of fur-seal; what persons, not
native, trading in furs have been allowed to remain
on the Islands of St. Paul and St. George since said
islands were made a military reservation; what
number of seals havo been killed on these islands
during tho last two seasons, and under what author-
ity ; what numbers of skins have been shipped there-
from during tho same period, and by whom and at
what time : and iftherehave been any violations of
said law of July 27, 1868, and what measures have
been taken for the prosecution of parties so offending.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved tbat the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national currency—" greenbacks."
Mr. McNEELY. I ask permission to sub-
mit for consideration at this time the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and they arc hereby, instructed to re-
port at an early day a bill providing for withdrawing
from circulation the national bank currency and for
issuing instead of such currency Treasury notes
usually known a,s "greenbacks."
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to consider this resolution at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the rules be
suspended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
_ Mr. COX. The committee are now con-
sidering tho subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
nmn from Illinois [Mr. MoNeelt] will modify
his resolution so as to instruct the committee
to inquire into the expediency of so doing I
will not object.
Mr. McNEELY. I insist upon a vote ,on
the resolution as it stands.
Mr. GARFIELD,,, of Ohio. Oh, very, well;
we will give you a vote on it. ■ - .
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would,inquire of the
chairman- of the Committee oh Baoking and
Currency, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garmkld,] tfhat progress the committee-are
making in/the business before it?.
The SPEAKER. This debate: is proceeding
only by unanimous.consent!. , - • - "•
Mr. BENJAMIN.. I object to further debate.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 56, nays 114, not
voting 40; as follows:
YEA>S—Messrs. ■ Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks. Burr, Roderick R. But-
ler, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson,. Doi. Eldridge,
Getz, Golladay .Greene, Griswald. Haight, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, John-
son. Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, May-
ham, McCormick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungeq, Sib-
lack, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rogers, Sehumaker,
Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith. Stiles, Strader, Swann,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Bonjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Buek, Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard,
Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,' Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook; Conger, Cowles, Dawes, De-
weese, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, EVrriss,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Ham-
ilton, llawley, Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcbam, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan; Lynch,
McCarthy, McCrary, MeGrew, Mereur, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myors, Ncgley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Palmer. Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, LionelA. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong,
Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Cadwalader C. Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, and John T. Wilson—114.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bennett,
Benjamin }?. Butler, Churchill, Cleveland, Cttllom,
Davis, Dockcry, Ela, Parnswortb, Ferry, Fitch, ]?ox,
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Rice, Sanford, Sehenek,
Shanks, Slocum, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stone,
Strickland, Sweeney, Van Horn,)Ward, Whittemore,
Winans, and Witcher—40.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not Suspended.
The resolution went over, under the rule.
PUBLICATION OP WELLS'S REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, for reference to
the Committee on Printing, a concurrent reso-
lution of the Senate providing for the printing
of Commissioner Wells's report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the rules be
suspended for that purpose.
The question was taken ; and, two thirds
voting in the affirmative, the rules were sus-
pended.
The concurrent resolution was then taken
from the Speaker's table, and read, as fol-
lows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
a?YuS concurring,) That there be printed for the use
°J- P?e i5?na";e nve thousand copies, and for the use
ot the House of Representatives twelve thousand
copies of the report of the Special Commissioner
ot the lievenue, and for the use of the Treasury
Department one thousand copies, bound with the
appendices complete.
The concurrent resolution was then referred
to the Committee on Printing.
apportionment OS representation.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a privileged question,
ana call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill_ (H. R. No. 593) introduced
by me, to apportion the representation of the
several States in the House of Representatives
for the Forty-second Congress, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
