1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
ered in the committee. I am not sufficiently
familiar with it now to recall the facts. The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] reported
it. I know it was ucteu upon in full committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
explained why there is any necessity for an act
of legislation of this sort for the settlement of
nil internal revenue officer's account. Why do
■we not have to do it with all of them ? I should
like to know the circumstances of the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was an allow-
ance made in 1864.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps the Senator from
California can explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. TheSenatorfrom Oregon
had the matter in charge.
Mr. COLE. I am not very familiar with the
facts of this case, but this Mr* Clark was col-
lector of internal revenue for the fourth dis-
trict of California some years ago, when there
was a restriction on the amount allowed for
salaries and the expenses of the office. He
went on and administered the office. He was
a collector of a very large district, covering
twice as much territory as the State represented
by the honorable Senator from Vermont, and
it became necessary for him to expend more
money than the amount that was awarded by
law. I think the limit was $10,000, if I am
not mistaken. He had, I believe, a deputy in
each of the fifteen or sixteen counties of his
district, and then he was at some distance from
the sub-Treasury of the United States, and it
cost him considerable to get the money which
he collected to the sub-Treasury. He took it
there himself rather than send it by any convey-
ance that was at hand. At all events, in one
way or another, he incurred liabilities which
have been recognized by the Department,
except that they have not the power to pay
them. This resolution has been recommended
by the Department, and I hold iu my hand
a letter from Comptroller Taylor on the sub-
ject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
read at the desk.
The Secretary read.the following letter:
Trkasurt Dbpartmbst,
Offick op Internal Revenue.
washington, February 14,1870.
Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge tbe receipt
of your letter of thelOth instant, in which you say that
tho petition of J. R. Clark, late oolleotor of the towth
district of California, praying for the passage of a
joint resolution by Congress authorizing: the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to adjust his account under the
provisions of the act of Jose 36,1861, and Senate res-
olution No. 94, for the relief of J. R. Clark, have
been referred to you as a member of the Senate Com-
mittee on Finance, and you request me to furnish
•njr information in my possession touching the pro- i
pnety of passing the resolution.
In reply I have to say that Mr. Clark was col- <
lector from April 22.1863, to May 10, 1864; that the
compensation allowed to him by the accounting
officers amounts to 110,13180; that, as appears from
Sif i«o ®5,P®ns.ea of office amount to
9I1J68 83, being $1,037 03 m excess of the amount
allowed foroompenaat.ion. Under the laws then in i
force no collector oauld receive more than $10,000
per annum, either by the established commissions
upon his collections, or by any special allowance of
the Secretary of tha Treasury authorized by law.
In my opinion Mr. Clark should be.reimbursed for
the actual loss sustained by hiip in the administra-
tion of the office, and be allewed a reason able amount
for personal compensation. I doubt Whether Senate
resolution No. 94 will accomplish this, Mid 1 recom-
mend that it be amended by striking: out all after
the enacting clause, and substituting the following:
That tha Secretary of tha Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make an additional allowance
to J. R. Clark, late collector of internal revenue
for the fourth collection district of California, for
his services during his term of office, from April 22,
1863, to May 10,1864. so that he shall be paid at the
rate of $3,500 per annum, in addition to bis actual
necessary and reasonable expenses incurred in per-
forming the duties of his office, the whole additional
allowance not to exceed $4,719 72.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. DOUGLAS,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. willarb warheb, United State* Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of that
letter?
The Skcretary. February 14,1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I should like to
hear the letter from the Comptroller read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
, Treasury Department,
Office of the First Comptroller,
February 26, 1870.
Si*: On the 24th instant you reported Senate res-
olution No. 94, "for the relief of
amendments.
porte
J. R.
Clark," with
ixation of tho Department, go to the accounting offi-
cers, nothing will bo added ' " "
posed resolution.
to the law by the pro-
That resolution contains nothing more than what
the law now is. The accounting offioers of tho Treas-
ury are by law " authorised to audit and settle the
accounts of collectors, under the section of the act
of 1864 referred to in the joint resolution; and as Mr.
Clark's aocounts must, under tho law and the organ-
If you intend to authorise a farther allowance
beyond what is provided for by law I hope you will
make it explicit in terms and in amount. That you
may understand what I mean I state that a resolu-
tion authorising the settlement of an account under
existing laws confers no additional authority upon
the Department; it simply leaves the settlement to
be made in the way already authorised, aud this is
the purport of the resolution reported.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
R. W. TAYLOR,
Comptroller.
Pon. W. Warner, United State* Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
resolution read to see whether it conforms to
the suggestion of the Comptroller. I now
remember the case very well. We looked
into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read as proposed to be amended.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will do no good at
all according to the letter of the Comptroller.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, in pursuance of
the letter of the Comptroller, the appropria-
tion had better be made positively. I nave
no doubt that this sum is due. Since the pa-
pers have been read, I remember the case.
We simply allowed him bis salary and the
amount actually disbursed by him, and I think
the appropriation ought to be made. The Sec-
retary can alter the resolution so as to make
an appropriation out of the Treasury of the
amount allowed, $4,500. I remember the
case now better since the papers have been
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution will be amended
in accordance with the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Ohio
means by that that he proposes to pass an act
of Congress that shall pay this gentleman that
sum absolutely without any further settlement
then I object to it. If he means to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle with
this gentleman and to allow him compensation
above his just expenses at the rate of $3,500
a year, not exceeding so much, I do not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I know about it is ,
that on examining the papers, and there are
quite a number of other papers there that were J
tiled, it was perfectly clear that this gentleman
had paid $1,000 more than he had received.
It was a very large district, and the object was
rather to protect than to collect revenue. We
allowed him $3,500 a year besides the amount
actually expended by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is right; but
I think the true way is to have his accounts
settled in the Treasury in the regular way, with
the direction to allow him for services above
his salary at the rate you have named. Then
his accounts will all be there and will be set-
tled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the resolution
had better be passed over for the present and
it can be taken up again hereafter and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, we can take up the
regular order for the time being and have this
resolution fixed and passed by unanimous
consent hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont demands the regular order.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
Vermont have the kindness to give way for a
single moment? 1 desire to take up a bill to
which I presume there will be no objection.
It is House bill No. 446.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it about?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is regarding the claim
of Alexander J. Atocha.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we liad better
have the regular order.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to take up
a bill that I do not think will occasion much
debate. It is Senate bill No. 470.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my demand
in favor of the Senator from Louisiana.
alexander j. atociia.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 440.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 446) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Alexander J.
Atocha," approved 14th February, 1865.
'ihe Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause in the following words :
That Alexander J. Atocha shall be, and is hereby,
authorized in the prosecution of his claim, referred
to the Court of Claims by the act to which this is an
amendment, to use such portions of tho evidence
taken in pursuance of the rules and regulations of
the commission established under the fifteenth sec-
tion of tho treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and laid
before said commission, as consist: First. Of the
evidence of such persons as have died since the tak-
ing of their testimony, for use before said commis-
sion. Second. The official correspondence between
the officials of the Mexican Government and those
of the United States, on the subject of this claim.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That before such
testimony shall be used as evidence it shall be certi-
fied to the said Court of Claims under the seal of tho
Department.of State : Provided, That before the
Court of Claims shall issue any order or rule for the
testimony of any such deceased witness, it shall be
shown to said court by the affidavit of said Atocha,
or otherwise, that tho witness whose evidence is pro-
posed to be used as provided in the first section of
this act, is dead: And provided further. That the
United States shall in no case be liable for any of said
claim over and above tho amount unexpended of
the $3,230,000, provided by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, for the payment of claims of American
citizens against the Government of Mexico.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That Alexander J. Atocha shall be, and is hereby,
authorized in the prosecution of his claim referred
to the Court of Claims, by the act to which this is an
amendment, to use such portions of the evidence
taken in pursuance of the rules and regulations of
the commission established under the fifteenth sec-
tion of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and laid
before said commission, as consists of the evidence
of persons since deceased, and the Government in
defending against said claim shall have like rights.
And such evidence shall be received by the court,
so far as the subject-matter thereof is competent
testimony; and tho court shall give it such weight
as in their judgment under all the circumstances it
ought to have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was that bill re-
ported.
The Secretary. March 9, 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. From the Judiciary
Committee ?
Mr. CONKLING. It was settled at the
last meeting of the committee and reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
alabama and florida volunteers.
Mr. SPENCER. I now ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 476. It will take but
a minute to dispose of it.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 476)
to fix the status of certain Federal soldiers
enlisting in the Union Army from the States
of Alabama and Florida, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and all other officers of the Government
who have authority to act in such cases, to
audit and pay the claims for bounty of the
enlisted men who composed the first regiment
of Alabama cavalry, and the first and second
regiments of Florida cavalry, United States
volunteers, as is provided for enlisted men in
other volunteer organizations, under the pro*
