1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4667
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I will make a
brief statement. Ihis soldier was discharged
in ihe city of Baltimore, and vvas furnished
with transportation over the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. The train upon which he was
returning home was captured by the enemy,
and he was carried to Richmond, wiiere he was
imprisoned until released by regular exchange.
At the time he was captured all his money and
effects were taken from him. He presented a
claim covering his entire loss, but the commit-
tee did not think they had authority to recom-
mend further relief than the ordinary pay,
clothing, and allowances as a soldier.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and.
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. MURPHY.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, Senate bill No.
327, for the relief of William H. Murphy, of
Farmington, Missouri.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Post-
master General and the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury to settle the account of
William H. Murphy for carrying the United
States mails twice a week on route No. 10086,
in the State of Missouri, from July 1,1862, to
April 30, 1864, and to pay him tor the same
at the rate of $900 a year for the whole length
of route, deducting therefor pro rata com-
pensation for any portion of the service not
performed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there a report in this
case ?
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois. There is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be read.
The report was read. It states that William
H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri, in answer
to an invitation of the Postmaster General to
carry the mail on post route No. 10G86, from
Fredericktown Court-House to De Soto, in the
State of Missouri, a distance of fifty-five miles,
proposed to carry the said mail once a week
at the rate of $592 per aunum. The following
is a copy of the advertisement inviting said
proposals:
"10686. Prom Fredericktown, by Mine La Motte,
Cross Hoads, Locust Ridge, Farmington, Big .River
Mills, ilazloRun Mills, and Avooa, to Be Soto, fifty-
five miles and back, twice a week. Leave Frederick-
town Monday and Thursday at eight a. m., arrive at
De Soto next days by twelve in. Leave DeBoto Tues-
day and Friday at one p. m., arrive at Fredericktown
next days by six p. in. Bids for one trip a week only
invited."
The report further states that the claimant
was notified by the Post Office Department of
the acceptance of his bid, under date of April
24,1862, and after being so notified proceeded
to perform the service in order to avoid the
statutory penalties imposed upon bidders fail-
ing to make their bids good. Upon the receipt
of the bond subsequently he discovered that
he would be required to carry the mail twice a
week; but after protesting against this require-
ment by letter to the Department, he signed
the said bond to avoid the legal penalties, and
expecting from Government a just and proper
compensation for the additional strvicea re-
quired. The claimant was naturally misled by
the last clause of the advertisement, its want
of punctuation giving it the meaning placed
upon it by him and leading fairly to the con-
clusion that the contractor would be required
to carry the mail but once a week. In proof of
such a construction being placed upon it by
him he furnishes the depositions of Milton
Sebastian and Lewis J. Cundiff, who were pres-
ent at the tiraeof the makingout of the bid, and
one of whom assisted him in making an esti-
mate of the cost of carrying the said mail on the
basis of its carriage but oncea week. It appears
from a letter of the Second Assistant Post-
master General that the service was curtailed,
at the contractor's request, to begin at Farm-
ington, twenty miles less distant, at a reduction
of $241 per annum, from September 30, 1863,
and the service on the remainder of the route
was discontinued April 30, 1834, and one
month's pay extra on $351 allowed, as usual
in such cases. The distance traveled to carry
the mail on the said route was, for round trip,
about one hundred and ten miles. From the
communication of* the Assistant Postmaster
General it appears that the lowest bid for the
twice-a-week service was $900 per annum,
which sum the committee, in view of the long
distance traveled, and of the fact of the claim-
ant's being misled by the note or last clause of
the advertisement, would recommend as the
basis of calculation for the equitable compen-
sation of the claimant, and for that object report
the_ accompanying bill for the payment of this
claim.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois , moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE J. LANGWOETIIY.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2283)
for the relief of George J. Langworthy, of
Alfred Centre, New York; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General to pay to George J. Lang-
worthy, of Alfred Centre, New York, the pay
and allowancesofsecond fieutenantof infautry,
from March 10 to December 24, 1864, for mil-
itary services as second lieutenant of second
North Carolina Union volunteers, deducting
therefrom any pay he may have received during
that period as a private soldier.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois, moved to reconsider
the vote bywhichthc bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
that in all the cases reported this morning the
reports may be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
JAMES WEEKS, JR
Mr. STILES reported back from the Com-
mittee of Claims a bill (II. R. No. 1608) for
the relief of James Weeks,jr., of Pennsylvania.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to James
Weeks, jr., of Easton, Pennsylvania, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, $300, the amount exacted from him as
commutation money on the loth of July, 1864,
when ho was exempt from military service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Reserving the right to
raise a point of order on this bill, I ask that
the report be read.
The report was read. It states that from suffi-
cient evidence it appears that James Weeks, jr., j
was improperly enrolled and drafted, and that j
he paid $300 commutation money for exemp-
tion from military duty, oa the loth of July,
1864, at Easton, Pennsylvania, in the eleventh
congressional district, in pursuance of section
thirteen of the act of March 3, 1863, and sec-
tion five of the act of February 24, 1864, pro-
viding for the enrollment and calling out of
the national forces to suppress the rebellion.
At the time when he was drafted, as well as
before and since, he was exempt from military
service on account of physical incapacity, re-
sulting from dislocation of the ankle. The
surgeon of the board of enrollment improperly
neglected to make an examination, but referred
him to the Provost Marshal General, at Wash-
ington, to prefer his application for the restora-
tion of the commutation money. In the opin-
ion of the committee this was clearly wrong,
as Weeks was entitled to be exempted on
account of his physical disability. .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on my point of
order. I think the bill is one which ought not
to pass. Let it go to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. ^ The point of order being
insisted upon, the bill, as it makes an appro-
priation, mustgo to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently withdrew his
point of order, when, by unanimous consent,
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LUCY A. SMITH.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) for
the relief of Lucy A. Smith, widow and admin-
istratrix of James Smith, deceased ; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay, out of any
money heretofore appropriated or that may
hereafter be appropriated for the use or benefit
of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians of the
upper Arkansas, to Mrs. Lucy A. Smith, widow
and administratrix of James Smith, $2,564 10,
for losses sustained by the depredations of those
Indians on or about August 8,18G4, at or near
Plumb creek, in the then Territory of Nebraska;
provided it shall appear to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Interior that the facts and
circumstances alleged in this case justify this
appropriation on principles of equity and jus-
tice.
Mr. STRONG. I will make a brief state-
ment of the facts in this case, which will occupy
less time than the reading of the report, which
is somewhat lengthy. In 1864 the husband of
Mrs. Smith, for whose relief this resolution is
reported, started with a train of mules, wagons,
and machinery from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to
Denver, Colorado. On arriving at Plumb
creek, Nebraska, the train was attacked by a
tribe of Indians belonging to the Cheyennes
and Arapahoes. The train was destroyed;
Mr. Smith and some others of the party were
killed ; others of the party were taken prison-
ers. The property for which Mrs. Smith seeks
compensation was at that time destroyed, ex-
cept the mules, which the Indians drove away.
The facts are clearly proved by the deposition
of a woman who was captured at the time and
who was detained as a captive for six months
by this tribe of Indians, and also by the evi-
dence of three other parties who were convers-
ant with the facts relating to this expedition.
Besides, the destruction of this property is
referred to in the regular report made by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs ; so that there
can be no question as to the facts. They are
proved beyond all controversy. The reason
this party did not obtain relief under the law
was that the attorney whom she employed to
present her case neglected to present the claim
within three years, after which period it was
barred by the statute of limitations. The ofS-
