1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$611
Connecticut, to the memory of the soldiers who
fell in the war of the rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. BARNUM moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was received and read
a first, and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BARNUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
decline op americas tonnage.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
llemlved, That the Committee on tho Causes of the
Decline of American Tonnage be, and they are hereby,
authorized to report on the third Tuesday of January
next.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was put; and there were, on
a division—ayes 79, noes 46; two thirds not
voting affirmatively.
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lyncii and
Mr. Ixgersoia were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—aves 94, noes U8.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays. Half the corrvnittees of this House
have not had an opportunity to report, and I
object to reports from this committee being
made a special order to the exclusion of re-
ports from all other committees.
Mr. DAWES. Would a motion to take a
recess be now in order?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the Chair to announce
the vote on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before the result of the
vote is announced I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the House
that we should take a recess until half past
eight. We eannothave any conference reports
at that time, and then this would be in order.
Mr. CALKIN. I desire to have the resolu-
tion again read.
The resolution was read.
. Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a question of
order. I understand that a resolution allow-
ing this committee to sit during the recess was
passed during last session. I desire to know
of the Chair whether or not that resolution
would continue to have effect during the coming
vacation.
The 8PEAKE R. The Chair will state what
he understands to be the position of this mat-
ter. This is a special committee, and of course
by the rules of the House unless it is revived ir,
would expire with the adjournment of Congress
to-morrow. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] desires the committee to be kept alive,
and acceding to that would notgiveit authority
to sit during the recess.
Mr. FITCH. If the second part of the res-
oluiion of the gentleman from Maine were with-
drawn, and if the resolution were confined
simply to reviving the committee without mak-
ing the receiving of its reports a special order,
there would probably be no objection to the
resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to the
reviving of the committee. If the committee
expires to-raorrow I have no objection to
a simple resolution which will continue it in
existence.
Mr. LYNCH. I am prepared to modify my
resolution, so that that will be its whole effect.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object when a motion is made to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. LYNCII. 1 ask for a vote.
Mr. SC0P1ELD. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I wish to know if the effect of pass-
ing this resolution will be to prolong that com-
mittee, with all the powers which it had under
the resolution originally creating it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule that
it would give the committee no right to sit
during the recess. But, unless it is revived
by a vote of the Hoase between this and to-
morrow at twelve o'clock it has no longer an
existetiee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not want that com-
mittee to Etand any longer in the way of the
Committeeon Commerce. We propose through
the Committee on Commerce to bring forward
some measure that will revive American ocean
tonnage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine that he add words to this effect:
"and said committee shall not be authorized
to sit during the vacation of Congress."
Mr. LYNCH. I accept that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It would be much better
to revive the commerce of the country than to
revive this committee.
Mr. CALKIN. Your committee undertook
the work.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes; and your com-
mittee took up so much time as to prevent our
committee from reporting.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the resolution of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] as that gentleman has modi-
tied it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on tlio Causes of the
Decline of American Tonnage be, and mo hereby,
authorized to report at next session of Congress on
the regular call of committees, but not to sit during
the recess.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
99, noes 25.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended; and the resolution,
as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
take a recess until half past eight.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] has occupied the floor and
been yielding to other gentlemen for the last
twenty minutes. He now desires to offer his
own resolution.
i,0t north.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 2415) for the relief
of Lot North; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to Lot North, late post-
master at Patriot, Indiana, the sum of $135 in
full for post office stamps and stamped envel-
opes, of which he was robbed on or about
March 28, 1807, by persons who burglariously
entered the said post office without any negli-
gence on his part.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will only state that this
is a unanimous report from the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. #1 desire to know
what lias become of the bill reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.br?]
The SPEAKER. That is pending, but sub-
ject to motions to suspend the rules under
which all this business is now being transacted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts was on the floor.
The SPEAKER. He was, but he was taken
off it by a report from a committee of confer-
ence, and since that time the Chair lias been
entertaining motions to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and two thiids voting
in favor theiooI, the bill was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved toi ocormidcr the vote
by which tne bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid en the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fkes of serghant-at-arms.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, Thattheresolutionof thellouse, adopted
January 11, 1870, regulating the fees of the Sorgoant-
at-Arms for summoning witnesses be so suspended
that the Committee on Accounts be authorized to
audit and approve all bills legally due to the Ser-
geanfc-at-Arms for services performed from Jaxmary
11, to July 1, 1870.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the House that on the lllh of January a reso-
lution was introduced by me and passed by
the House which cut off all fees to which the
law entitled the Sergeant-at-Arms. On the 1st
of July his salary was fixed by a law which now
prevails, but between the date of that resolu-
tion and the time when the salary took effeet
he neither got the fees nor the salary, and this
resolution merely provides that he be paid dur-
ing that interim.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
botanic garden.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 383)
authorizing the extension of the supervision of
the Capitol police to the Botanic Garden.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the supervision of the Capitol police be
extended over the Botanic Garden, and that
until otherwise ordered, and especially during
the period employed for rebuilding the fence
surrounding the garden, an additional police
force may be employed, if deemed necessary,
the expense of which shall be defrayed from
the contingent fund of the Senate and Houso
of Representatives, the number of policemen;
employed for that purpose not to exceed at any
time two men.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he modify his resolution, so as to
insert three in the proviso instead of two. I
understand that two would hardly be sufficient.
Mr. PALMEIt. I will modify the resolution
in that respect, so as to make the number three;
and I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ringgold light artillery.
Mr. GETZ. I ask unanimous consent to pre-
sent a memorial of citizens of Reading, Penn-
sylvania, with accompanying proofs, which, I
think, clearly establish the claim of the Ring-
gold light artillery of that city lo the honor
of having been the first uniformed, armed, and
equipped company of Pennsylvania volunteers
to respond to the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of April 15,1801, for seventy-five thousand
troops. I ask that these papers be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and printed
in the Globe.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to printing any-)
thing more in the Globe.
Mr. GETZ. I move to suspend the rules,
so that the petition may be received and printed
in the Globe.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 79, noes 39.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and Mr. Getz's motion
was agreed to.
