5612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July14,
The following is the petition :
Sir : Some months ago lion. Henry L. Cake, in a
personal explanation, made upon the floor of Con-
gress, in regard to his connection with the Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, who reached Washington upon tho
evening of April 18,1861, inadvertently fpllinto sev-
eral errors of dates, which we desire to have cor-
rected. J?or thispurpose wo respectfullyrequestthat
you will, upon the most fitting occasion, bring to tho
notice of the Congress of the United States a few
facts relating to tho history 'of the Ringgold light
artillery, of Reading, Pennsylvania, verified by the
affidavits of the captain of the battery and others, by
the annexed copies of official papers now on record
in the State department at Harrisburg, and by
newspaper extracts published at the time tho events
occurred.
It has long since become apart of the history of the
Republic that for some time anterior to the inaugu-
ration of President Lincoln, in March, 1861, serious
apprehensions were ontertained that an organized
effort would be made to seize tho capital of tho coun-
try by those opposed to his taking his seat.
Toprovideagainstsuch an emergency,(therebeing
at the time but few troops of the United States Army
in Washington,)theGeneralGovernmcntcalled upon
theState of Pennsylvaniafor the requisite assistance.
By the affidavit of Captain McKnight, annexed and
marked "A," the fact is established that ns early as
the month of January, 1801, General William I£.
Keim, an authorized agent of the Governor of tho
State, placed the Ringgold artillery under orders
to be ready to move upon notice of twenty-four
hours, A reference to this affidavit, together with
one to documents attached and marked ''B" and
"C," will show that other companies were placed
under the same orders; and also that the Ringgold
artillery perfected fill the necessary arrangements
required, i. e., in the drilling of the command, the
obtaining of proper clothing and the equipping, as
far as possible, of the'whole battery for active held
duty.
The designs of those opposed to the Government
having been frustrated, their services undor the
orders of January, 1801, were never required. The
day upon which the President issued his firstcall for
seventy-live thousand men for three months' ser-
vice, this battery was engaged in drilling some two
miles from tbo city of Reading. Though already
under orders they again renew the offer of their ser-
vices, under the call of tho President, as will be seen
by copies of telegrams annexed and marked "D."
Appended affidavit and telegrams, marked '"A"
and "E," show that upon the morning of April 16,
1861, the company received orders to move ; that the
captain was directed to bring the guns with him to
Harrisburg, the place of rendezvous for the State
volunteers; that upon tho evening of the same day
the battery started, reaching tho last-named place
at about half past eight p. in.: that shortly after their
arrival they were instructed by the Secretary of War
to proceed to Washington immediately; that in ac-
cordance with said order they were prepared to start
at three o'clock a. in. of April 17,1861, some hours
before the arrival of any tioops from tho State at
Ilarrisburg; that upon the return of the Governor
their departure was delayed until "the arrival of
other Pennsylvania troops," and that upon the 18th
da.y ot April, 1861, they loft Barnsbura, armed as
dismounted light artillery, passed thruugh Baltimoi e,
and arrived the evening ot' the same day in Wash-
ington.
While this company has no desire to lessen in the
slightest manner the credit due the other tour com-
panies of the State who in connection with it pos.ved
through Baltimore upon April 18,1801, we stiil be-
lieve that it has a just and perfect right to claim
being the first company from Pennsylvania accepted
under the call of April, 1861, and certainly the first
at Ilarrisburg in answer to that call; and also to ask
that any statements made to the contrary may be
corrected.
The extracts from the Daily Telegraph, of Ilarris-
burg, of April 16,17, and 18, appended, ami marked
"ty make clear the following facts: that m the
list of companies accepted under tho call, up to the
night of April 15,1861, the names of but three of
those which started for Washington upon the lS:h j
appear, the Ringgold light artillery, of Reading; .
the National light infantry and Washington artii- !
lery, of Schuylkill county; that the Ringgold light ,
artillery of Reading arrived upon the evening of ,
April 16, and were the first and oxriy troops there
upon that day; that the Pottsville and Allcnro«/n
companies and Logan guards from Lcwistown
reached Ilarrisburg upon tho 17th April, tho former
during the afternoon, and the latter upon the morn- :
mg of that day. The claim of this company to pre-
cedence is not contested, however,save by the Logan
guards, from Lcwistown.
A reference to telegrams appended, and marked
"G," must convince you that their &eivices were not .
tendered until the loth of April, and that upon the
showing of the captain of the company himself, they
were not ready to start for the rendezvous until
eleven p. m. of April 16, some I.ours after the Ring-
gold artillery had arrived, and no doubt after tncy ^
had even received orders to proceed to Washington. :
Colonel Cake himself admits, as all the documents
show, that they did not reach Ilarrisburg until tiie
17th April. It is, however, denied that up to that
time there were any troops in Ilarrisburg. We have
already called your attention tu the extracts from
the papers of that date, whtcli we think should be
conclusive. Allow us, however, to briefly add a few
additional proofs.
Firsi. The affidavit of G. A. Nicqlls, esq., general
superintendent of tho Philadelphia and Reading
Railroad Company, that hefurnished transportation
and saw the company start upon the evening of the
16th of April, appended and marked "H."
Second. The order countermanding the march of
the company to Washington undor the signature of
the acting adjutant general of the State, and dated
a pril 16,1861, and received upon that day by Captain
McKnight. See affidavit marked "A."
And lastly, the order of the Governor delaying their
departure to Washington.
It is well known that at that time the want of the
Government was men. Had there been other volun-
teers in Ilarrisburg when the Ringgolds were ordered
it is not within the bounds of possibility that they
would have been kept back, or that the Governor of
the State would have assigned as a reason for coun-
termanding the orders of the Secretary of War, the
absence of troops at Ilarri&burg, when such was not
the case. Wo therefore ask that, if upon a careful
review of the evidence which we have presentod to
you, you should be satisfied that this company is en-
titled to tho honor of having been the first volunteer
organization in the State of Pennsylvania to respond
to the call of tho President in 1861; that you will
have the same entered upon tho rccords of Congress
and referred to the proper committee for such f'uturo
consideration as may be ordered by resolution or
otherwise.
U. A. NICOLLS,
11. H. MU1ILENBURG,
EDWARD WALLACE,
JOHN McMANXJS,
HORATIO TREXl^EE,
WILLIAM M. H1ESTER.
Hon. J. Lawkj:nce Getz, House of Representatives.
A.
Sta rk of Pennsylvania, County of Ucrkn, sn :
Before me, the subscriber, a notary public in and
for the county of Berks, State of Pennsylvania, per-
sonally appeared JamesMcKmght, who being duly
sworn according to law, deposes and says: Iicoide
in the city of Reading, Pennsylvania. I commanded
the Ringgold light aitiilery from the year 18-30 until
Juno li. 1861, when 1 was appointed to a capcamcy
in the fifth United States artillery.
On or about the 21st day ot January. A. D. 3861,1
was visited by William 11. Keim, then surveyor gen-
eial of the Suite *ut' Pennsylvania and major guncial
ot the fifch division Pennsylvania militia.
The general, first meeting me in a public place at
my residence, stated that ho had a subject or much
importance and great secrecy, in regard to which he
desired to advise mc; and requesting at the same
time that I would suggest some place to which we
could botli ictiie, where the natuic of the commun-
ication wiiich he was abont to m ke to mo would-be
unheard by others. We then both withdrew to a
private apartment.
The gencial thct proceeded to state that the Gov-
ernment was in pot-session of facts tending to de-
velop an intention on the part of the rebels to seize
Washington upon tlie22dd;iyof Fcbruaiy, and not, as
was first supposed, upon March -1, 1861. lie came to
mc, he further stated, by direction and under tho
orders of Governor Andrew G. Uurtin, commander-
in-chief of the Pennsylvania militia, who had com-
missioned him to select from the best volunteer or-
ganizations ot the S'ate such companies as could be
relied upon if the emergency should axise, and who
would be ready to move upon twenty-four-hours'
nonce. Upon my satisfying the general not only of
the willingness, but aUo ot the ability ot my com-
mand to start whenever desired, he then and thcro
(tnccicd mo to consider myself and command as
undor orders. The general about the same time im-
parted similar information to olner v olun teei organ-
izations of this county. My orders, coming as they
d id from thecommander-in-chiefof the Pennsylvania
troops, were so imperative in their nature and ad-
mitted of so little delay that 1 immediately set about
porfoe/ang and equipping my command for active
field duty.
The same day upon which my orders were received
the company was divided into squads for the pur-
pose ot more efficient and effective drilling, which
was continued uninten uptcdiy (save on Saturdays
and Sunday?-) up to the day before we loft lor Ilar-
risburg. Apiil 16, 1861.
The drills were not confined to the service of the
gun? and the duties incid- nt to drivers and the care
of horses; the men were also well instructed in the
use ot the saber, the only legitimate arm of defense
of an artilleryman when dismounted and away from
ii's gum-. Dining the month of January a number
of the leading eiimmAhaving been apprised ot the
secret orders under wnich my command was placed,
purchased for the use of tho men one hundred over-
coats, which were worn upon the 22d of February at
a general parade of the company.
Upon the 15th day of April, A. D. 1861, while at
drih some three miles f:om the city, intelligence
was received of the proclamation of the President
of the United Stales calling for seventy-five thou-
sand men.
The Governor of the State was immediately tele-
graphed that the Ringgold light artillery was ready
to move without any delay whatever. I then sus-
pended drill, returned to the city, and after directing
a certain sicrnal to bo sounded upon receipt of orders
dism^sed the command. At, twenty minutes past
eleven o'clock a.m. April 16, lool, the following tele-
gram was received by me:
IlARRisnriia, Ap-.-il 15,1.^61.
Captain James McKnight :
Bring your command to Harrisburg by first train.
If any of the men need equipments and arms they
will be provided here by the General Government.
Lose no time.
By order of the Governor: EIlISLI5EE.
Atnoonof the same day, forty minutes after* the re-
ceipt of the order, the command declared itself ready
to move at one o'clock p. m.
A committee having been appointed to make all
arrangements for transportation, reported that after
conferring with G. A. iNicolls, eseu general superin-
tendent Philadelphia and Reading railroad, they
were advised by him to take the regular passenger
train at six o'clock p. m.. as a special, being sub-
ject to unavoidable delays, would in all proba-
bility not reach Harrisburg until after the arrival of
the regular train.
Acting upon this advice, I left Reading with my
command, numbering one hundred andone men fully
armed and equipped, on the evening of April 16,1861,
at six o'clock, reaching Harrisburg at eight o'clock.
At this timono doubt seemed to exist in the minds
of any one that my command was the first organiza-
tion to respond to the call of the President of the
United States.
Eli Slifer, secretary of the Commonwealth, (Gov-
ernor Curtin bein^ in Washington,) telegraphed to
the Secretary of War, informing him of the arrival
of the Ringgold light artillery, to which the follow-
ing reply was received: "Send the company on by
the nexttrain." Orders in obedience to this telegram
were then issued for the command to take the train
for Washington at three o'clock a.m., April 17, Had
this order been executed my company would have
passed through Baltimore, reached Washington alone
twenty-four hours sooner, and no question could then
have by any possibility been raised as to priority of
claim for first answering the call of the? President.
At midnight, however, of the 16th of April, 1861,
the Governor of the State returned from Washing-
ton, whereupon the following order was received
by me:
Djsar Sir: You will please delay your inarch to
Washington until ordered by the Governor.
Respectfully, yours, ELI SLIFER.
Captain James McKnight,
In a subsequent conversation with the Governor
ho stated that in his opinion it would be unsafe for
a single company to pass through Baltimore, and
that he should require my waiting the arriva 1 of other
Pennsylvania troops, that were expected the follow-
ing day. I respectfully submit the following con-
clusions drawn from the facts:
1. That the first organized troops, in response to
the call of tho President in 1861, came from Pennsyl-
vania. The daily papers of Philadelphia, Baltimore
and Washington, of April, 1861, notice their arrival
in Harrisburg, passage through Baltimore, and the
reaching of AYashington. I myself testify to the fact
that while passing through the city of Baltimore
my command was greeted with the remark that they
came a day too soon. This question was never raised
except in July, 1861, and when, the facts being fresh
in tho minds of all, Congress unanimously thanked
the five companies from Pennsylvania for being tho
first in the field.
2. That of tho troops from Pennsylvania the
Ringgold light artillery of Reading, Pennsylvania,
wcro the first under orders, the first equipped and
ready for field duty, and the first at the rendezvous
at Ilarrisburg. Ordered on January 21,1861. and at
Harrisbuig on the evening of April 16, 1831, the guns
of the battery brsing left at the latter place by direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
3. Tnat armed and equipped as dismounted light,
artillery, tho Ringgold passed through Baltimore
on April IS, 1861, the men being so thoroughly drilled
in the use of the saber that Captain Simmons, an
old and expeiicnced officer of the United States
Army, and then mustering officer at Harrisburg, con-
gratulated me before leaving that my men were
armed with the most effective weapons for a street
fight.
4. That from all that has been shown the Ring-
gold light artillery of Reading, Pennsylvania, is
entitled to take precedence among all the organiza-
tions that responded to the first call of the President
in April, 1861.
james Mcknight.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 13th day of
June, A. 1). 1870.
A. K. STAUFFER,
[l. s.] Notary Public.
B.
Reading, Pennsylvania, May 21,1870,
Wo, the undersigned, citizens of Reading, Pennsyl-
vania, hereby certify that during the month of Janu-
ary, 1861, information having benn received by us
that tho Ringgold light artillery were under orders
to be ready to move to Washington, a meeting was
held at which we were present. That at said meeting
a fund was raised for the purpose of obtaining over-
coats for the men of said company.
We further certify that said overcoats wore pur-
chased and distributed among those belongixig to tho
said command.
JOTTN McMANUS,
WTLLIAM M. HIESTER,
BAVID MCKNIGHT,
EDWARD WALLACE,
31. H. MUHLENBERG,
G. A. NIOOLLS.
JAMES MILLHOLLAND,
C. H. HUNTER.
