1870.
THE OONGKESSKWAL GLOBE.
■2781
not the report of the committee. I will tell
you just what it is, and the House can judge
lor itself. I have not the report before me,
neither have I seen the one presented by the
chairman in the way and manner complained
of by me. Mr. Speaker, will the Clerk be kind
enough to hand me that report?
[The report not being at the Clerk's desk,
the chairman of the Post Office Committee
[iur. Fahnsworth] sent a printed copy to Mr.
IVionELL.] J
Looking at the report I see a marked differ-
ence between it and that made by the commit-
tee, and dated March 20,1870. I will tell you
jnst how that report was made, and then I will
•speak of this. That report was signed by Mr.
Adams, and Mr. Smith of Oregon, who were
not members of the committee, having left it
some time before it was considered in commit-
tee. They, however, signed it, though they
did not either of them accompany the com-
mittee to Boston. If you ask if the members
oi the committee came to any final vote in
committee I answer, never. The first report
was discussed and materially modified from
that proposed by the chairman and clerk; for
our clerk, always ready to assist in debate,
came in committee and helped make the report
to conform to his convictions.
I say the report written by the clerk, repre-
senting the chairman's views, was presented
in part; then, with the aid of one member of
the committee named by the chairman, it was
presented in full, discussed by all, by none
more than the clerk, modified in some im-
portant parts, and left with a general disagree-
ment on others, to be considered at the next
meeting. I think this was March 2i. Com-
mittee was to meet again on Friday, the 2Gtli
of March. Between Wednesday and Friday,
as I understand, the report was put into shape,
by whom I do not know, as it was not in any
meeting of the committee. When the com-
mittee came together on Friday I proposed
to consider the report in. committee, and to
my surprise was shown the report with these
same six signatures. I said, " Ilowis this? Mr.
Al) aiis, and Mr. Smith of Oregon, have not been
in our committee to consider the report at all,
neither did they accompany the committee."
1 was then told that Painter had put the report
into shape, as agreed upon by a majority of the
committee, and taken it around to the members
to sign; that he found Mr. Smith, of Oregon, on
a sick bed, and that he signed it not knowing
but what it was the unanimous report of the
committee. That was on the 25th of March.
On the 2(5th, when I understood we were to
consider it in committee, I asked the privi-
lege of taking it home with me to see exactly
what points I dissented from. This was re-
fused by the chairman. X then asked to read
the main points before the short-hand writer,
but this was refused. I then took some notes
from it, and gave notice that I would see that
my objections went with it.
At that time I did not know the precise
views of anybody except the chairman and
clerk; but on meeting Mr. Fitch, who was not
at the meeting on Friday, he told me that
he could not sign the report of the majority.
We (myself and Mr. Fitcii) mad e a report which
was printed at the same time and returned by
the printer on Monday, the 29th, with that of
the majority. On Wednesday, the 81st I think
it was, I happened to go into the committee-
room, where I found with the clerk and chair-
man John Gardner, esq., of Boston, a highly
respectable citizen of that city, but a man of
ardent feelings, who was here for the avowed
purpose of breaking up the contract with the
Cape Ann Granite Company. Mr. Gardner
is tbe Rockport granite man who was not suc-
cessful in getting the contract, and who hon-
estly, I doubt not, thought his company was
entitled to the contract. I asked the chairman
if he was going to open the case again. He
said he was going to take the testimony of Mr.
Gardner and the other proprietors of the
Rockport company, who were with him and
had recently visited the Cape Ann quarries.
Mr. Gardner testified, and the clerk took sucli
a lively interest in this man's testimony that
he would suggest questions for the chairman
to put to him. Mr. Gardner's testimony was
closed.
Mr. Mullet was summoned to produce his
books, which was done. They were examined
the first day, not by the committee, but by Mr.
X amter, the clerk, and one member of the com-
mittee ; after the member left by Mr. Painter
alone, under the authority of the chairman.
1 he second day Mr. Mullet appeared with all
the books of his office, and all the important
letters relating to the Boston office were read
aloud in the presence of Mr. Gardner, a very
irregular proceeding. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1
see m this report before me, dated April 14, the
tracks of this same clerk. The contract which
I find here is not a contract, and could not bo
without the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which has been omitted, I think, by
the clerk, and without the knowledge of the
committee. The next thing that attracts my
attention, on page 8, is what purports to be ex-
tracts from a letter of Mr. Mullet to Mr. Bry-
ant. under date oi April 8, 18GO. These extracts
are so garbled as to make Mr. Mullet say just
opposite to what the letter makes him say. No
member of the committee would intentionally
do this, and it justifies me in believing that
they did not know that this was the case when
they signed the report. .
Mr. Speaker, 1 send to the Clerk's desk
the extracts and the fetter, that they may be
both read, and 1 ask the members of the Ilouse
to give their careful attention, that they may
be able to form an opinion as to the fairness
of ihese extracts.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Tn the correspondence thocominittoo find a lotter,
of whiyh the following arc extracts :
"I'rom Sir. jSIuiiei, to iUr. Bryant, under date of
April 3, lSli'J:
"1 have this day had a conferenco wit h General
Butler :ind home other gentlemen from ilassr.ehu-
bctts, in regard io sranito for the louudation and
basement story ol the post olhce.'' " ' '■
"The only eliaiicc wo have of conforming to tlio
requirements of the Jaw, &o., is to leaso some (rood
quarry, and qucrry tho stone by day's work, or by
the cubic tool, delivered atwh.irf in flo^on. X luiy'c
also requested General Burt to do ma ihe favor to
confer with you on thosubject, and X think it would
bo moresatisfaetory it you can induce him to accom-
pany you to tho quarry, as I know that a concur-
rence of opinion between you would place l.ho mat-
tor beyond eavil in your city."
tKEASURY dlumbtmkxt,
Ofiice or Sui'EiivrsiNO Architect,
ApriliS j'J.
Sir.: I have tim d.iy had a eonforonee with 'ion-
era! JJnri,nn and some other gentlemen irom Massa-
chusetts in regard io granite lor tho Inundations and
babomont story piers oi the post olBeo building under
your charges, and have made a careful examination
of the various laws relalin;; to advertising lor pro-
I'O.'at: and making contract* in connection there-
with.
It upnears to rae that the only chance wo have of
conforming to the requirements of the law and pre-
venting difficulty, and at tho tame time scuirmjc a
prompt and ample supply of material for our work,
is to lease some s">od quarry and malic arrangements
for quarrying the. stone either by day's work or bv
the cabie fjot, delivered at the wharf in Huston. I
am afao advised that some admirable quArues n,;ar
Boston con be obtained on favorable terms, and ;r.
this is a matter that will excite considerable intcrc.-t
and perhaps involve .-omc feeling, £ ;im anxious that
a full examination of the case should bo made by
you. X have also rcquei-ted (Jcneial Burt to do me
the favor to r-onfer with you on tho ,-nbject, and X
think it would be more satisfactory if you can in-
duce him to aecompany you to tho quarry, as I know
that a concurrence ol opinion between you would
place the matter beyond cavil in your city.
_ I need not, with your experience, call your atten-
tion to the fact that the quality of the Ftone, facili-
ties for transportation, and freedom from seann',
flaws, or other delects are of more importance in
making a decision than a few cents per ton. It is
also necessary, in makingyou calculation'', to esti-
mate,the co-it of delivering on board ship, and not so
much the amount wc shall have to pay for it m the
quarry.
You will perceive by this that the object of the
Department is to avoid any delay bv qu.irryius
under contract with the embarrassing conditions oi
the law, audit is scarcely to bo expected thatrcspon-
siblo contractors will make arrangements to supply
granite when we cannot tell how much we need or
how far our money will cany u?. On the other hand,
X dp aofc propose either to make myself liablo to
a criminal proseoatton, or to give you sueh instruc-
tions as would place you in the same delightful posi-
tion. If Congress will .only, as I hare frequently
suggestod, givo ino or any other officer tho necessary
power contracts oun bo mad© that will be advan-
tageous to tho Government; but-Icarmoteee how in
the presont condition of affairs any responsible bids
can be obtained at fair rates. My experience, as
you know, at I ortland and other places, has shown
conclusively that oontraots under the present system
simply mean annoyance and delay without any rem-
edy applicable to tho caso.
r lease investigate this matter at tho earliest possi-
ble moment and forward your report without delay.
Vory respectfully, A. B. MUX/LJST,
Supervising Arohitccf.
)5XLnY *J* T' Bryant, esq., Simer intended Poet
VJjicQ and suu-ircaiury, boston, Massachusetts.
Mr. TWICHELL. Next , on page 9. it reads
ns follows:
.fboSocretary referred tho pa-ners to tho solioitor
01 ,i J'casury ou J uno 1, ISoil, for his opinions
whether the contract was in accoi dance with tho pro-
posajs oi tneftockport Granite Company.
On J uno 9.1800, Solicitor Baniield reports, in sub-
stance, that the contract and lease tendered to the
Ivpclcport Uranito Company woro not in accordance
with their proposal and tho acceptance of the Gov-
ernment or tho circular which Mullot has issued,
lhci-oupon, instead of executing the contract with
tiio iiockport company, tho supervising architect
issues new circulars ot invitations of proposals."
While the fact is, instead of this being the
action of the supervising architect, it was tho
action ot the Secretary himself; and the chair-
man of the committee and the clerk knew it,
as they had knowledge of the fact in the Sec-
retary'sown handwriting. 1 find what purports
to be the testimony of B. Oerlly, on page 5,
which is not testimony, being a private letter
from Mr. Oertly to "General J. K Farxs-
woktii, IIuLiso .Representatives," and is used
against the Dix inland Granite Company, tho
contractors for the granite for the New York
post office, as follows:
" January 20,18g9.
"Gexrral: In answer to your question whether i
know ot a contract similar in tormsand operation to
thai, lor furnishing tho cutting of tiio granite for the
JNew lork post offico, and heretofore made by the
.Department, 1 would say that a clause in tho con-
tract lor lurnishing the marble-work for tho Charles-
ton custom-house was identical with tho New Tork
post oliico contract, and was used jh the basis in tho
measurement of the major part of tho marble-work.
one passage ol the same, showing that under that
contract the cost of tho marble column capitals
amounted to $3,700 per capita], whereas tho same
capitals, and of rather larger size, lor tho United
faulty Capitol, was from $1,000 to tfl,£G0, or very
, nearly one fifth of tho former, and certainly, to
I all intents and purpo*cs, as good and effective as
tho-'o furnished under that notorious contract.
"And for asingul.tr coincidence, it seems that tho
principal party to that contract- is the president of
ihe Dix Island Granito Company."
And this, after the committee knew from the
testimony of ./iitaes G. liatterson, as will ap-
pear by the testimony, did not and could not
be made to apply to this case.
"Boston, January 3,1870.
"James G. Battcrson sworn and examined by Mr.
lrmn.
"Question. State your residence and occupation.
> 'A-it&wcr. I rosido in Hartford, Connecticut; I am
m the marble nndgranite business.
y°u Pvcr had any conversation
Willi -Air, ijluUei in relation to the investigation now
going on ns to the Ttobton post ofiice?
"Aawr. 1 rawMr, Mullet in Hartford somo day
la5.t week, bac I had no conversation with him as to
any (leUnisof the matier at all. ft was moroiy
spoken of while wo were together, that there was
an investigation to be had in Npw Xork or hero. l
think I i-pokoofit lirst, or asked him something
about it.
"Qucsizon. Kate what transpired between you.
'Anstorr. Nothing of any consequence, except that
Mr. Mullet casually remarked that ho thought they
would find that the contracts wero all right and upon
as favorable term-* as they could po^iblybo
lie !-;ud that he did not fear anything from an inves-
tigation, or made some remark equivalent to that.
"Quc^iou. feinocyou got hero have you had :my
conversation wiih Mr. James II. French iu iek<Xiu.i
to his contract ?
"Anticer. Yes; I saw Mr. Trench in the other
100m, ju^t ao ho came outlrom this room.
'* (Ju'-xtion. State to tho committee what transpired
between you.
** Answer. Nothing, except that ho stated the price
for which ho was to furnish granite for the iound-
aiion of tho post ofiice at thirty-nine ?ml throo
fourths cents per cubic foot. He asked mcif 1 would
be willing to supply stonoat that price, or something
