1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, I prefer the mode indicated in
the bill now before the House, and which is
framed upon the supposition that the States
will redistrict, as I think Representatives from
prescribed districts are nearer the constitu-
ency. But all these arguments based upon
want of time to make, cost and expense of
making new districts by the Legislatures, as
well as the further inconvenience that might
arise from a change of the boundaries of districts
in the middle of a campaign, may all be obvi-
ated, and justice, by the equalization of repre-
sentation, be done by providing that for the
Forty-Second Congress the additional members
may be elected, by general ticket. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] proposed that
plan in an amendment offered by him pending
the census bill.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisok]
has adopted that mode in the bill presented
by liim. The bill introduced by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] also proposes
that mode of choosing the additional members.
I shall be satisfied if the bill now pending is
amended in this respect. Congress having
express power under the Constitution to regu-
late the '1 manner'' of electing members, makes
this mode clear and decisive ; so that the main
proposition is met and decided in the affirma-
tive, namely, that constituencies entitled by
the census returns to increased representation
in the Forty-Second Congressshall obtain that
representation. Any constitutional mode of
accomplishing that object will be satisfactory
to my constituents. At the proper stage of
th'e bill I shall be satisfied if the House adopt
by way of amendment so much of the bill of
the gentleman from Wisconsin as differs from
the one now under consideration.
The power of Congress to prescribe the man-
ner in which members are to be chosen is
broad enough to allow a part to be elected in
districts and a part on the general ticket. The
expediency of so doiDg must depend upon the
peculiar circumstances under which the ap-
portionment is made. If the argument against
the expediency of calling extra sessions is
strong enough to induce the members to ex-
ercise this power and make this apportionment
'applicable to one congressional term only they
they may do so.
But I hear gentlemen ask where is the war-
rant for declaring that no State shall lose in
its representation ?
This enactment is based upon a contingency.
There is no evidence that under the increased
number of members there will be any loss to
any State. But if it should so happen we de-
sire to save those States from calling the Legis-
lature together. This is not a proposition to
determine who shall constitute the sitting mem-
bers, but only that Massachusetts, for example,
shall have ten Representatives in the next Con-
gress. That number is apportioned to her, and
although it may not be in exactly the ratio of
her population, it comes within a discretion
that has always been exercised by Congress in
the admission of new States and in the dispo-
sition of fractions and in determining the num-
ber which a State may be entitled to whose
census returns are incomplete.
It is a temporary arrangement for a single
term, and it is conditional, awaiting future
action by Congress and the State. In any appor-
tionment that may be made there are always
fractions. It isnotpossiblethataperfect equal-
ity should exist—it is only approximate.^ Con-
gress has always legislated upon this principle,
doing justice and such justice as the circum-.
stances would permit. A reference to some of
the laws will show what has been the practice.
The act before referred to, which allowed Ala-
bama three members before correct census re-
turns were had, was an exercise of discretion
upon the circumstances presented. Congress
acted without such knowledge as would or could
prove that it was exact equality under the gen-
eral proposition of equality of representation.
So also the act of July, 1850, which assigned two
members in advance of a census to the State
of California. So also the admission of new
States, with full knowledge at the time that
there is not population enough to place it upon
an exact equality with the other districts repre-
sented on this floor. This certainly is not equal-
ity, but is justice based upon the peculiar cir-
cumstances.
Take also the ease of fractions. In- assign-
ing members under these clauses, it is only a
question of expediency and approximate jus-
tice. The whole objection is tased upon the
supposition that under the division by the Sec-
retary a State may lose a Representative, and
by continuing the same number you do an in-
justice to districts. Admitting that is so, is
not the injustice more glaring in the continu-
ance of the present apportionment until after
the next congressional term, with full knowl-
edge upon your records that sucli inequality
exists? Does not the mode proposed more
equally divide representation than to abide by
the present? The last apportionment which
was made by the Secretary of the Interior was
corrected by Congress at a subsequent session
by adding eight additional members. It is
equally within the power of Congress to correct
any apportionment by dropping a member for
any future Congress.
No member can deny the justice of the prop-
osition to equalize the apportionment. My
time is too nearly exhausted to give a detail
of the present inequalities and what would be
the effect upon the various States assuming the
number of Representatives to be fixed at three
hundred and the total population at forty mil-
lions.
The gentleman from Wisconsin and the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Paine and Mr.
Clarke] have prepared these tables with care
and will lay them before the House, and I
think the honorable members will find that in
equalizing in this manner there will be little
or no loss of present representation to any
State. A few comparisons of inequalities may
not be out of place in concluding my remarks.
At the last election for Congress Iowa cast
194,673 votes, and has six votes on this floor.
Massachusetts, with her ten votes on this floor,
cast 185,672. Kansas, with one Representa-
tive, cast 43,093; and Vermont, with three
Representatives, cast 45,386. My own district
cast 46,673, while Rhode Island, with its two
Representatives, cast 18,250.
Mr. HOAR. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois why in discussingthis ques-
tion he bases his argument upon the statistics
of voters, instead of the statistics of population,
upon which representation is based ?
Mr. JUDD. I supposed that the gentleman
had understood me as saying distinctly that I
did not propose to go through the various com-
putations to show the effect "of this appor-
tionment upon the several States, though I will
do so, if necessary, before the close of this
debate. I am only giving these facts as one
illustration of the inequality of the existing
apportionment, and the results and effects the
several States must bear in accordance with
their positions in the census reports.
Mr. HOAR. My question does not seem to
have been apprehended. I ask the gentleman
why he uses for the purposes of his argument
the statistics of voters, upon which representa-
tion is not based, rather than the statistics of
population ?
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman,
if he had understood my mode of stating the
proposition, would have seen very clearly that
I am not engaged in any process of algebraic
computation. I am giving an illustration of
the inequality based upon the voting popula-
tion as an illustration simply of the argument
which I am making. If the gentleman can
show that I incorrectly quote the congressional
vote of Massachusetts, then mv argument, based
upon the illustration, will fail. But if I cor-
rectly quote it, then I am correct in referring to
the inequality of allowing that State to be repre-
sented on this floor by ten members, while Iowa,
with a larger voting population, has but six.
Examples may be given and comparisons
may well be made with reference to State after
State before this debate is concluded.
I ask members who listen to me, whether if
it is true that these inequalities' exist, arid
that the census returns will be made feefcfe
July of the present year, it is not- justiee that
the next general election for members of Con-
gress, which will occur in the coming fall, the
next-congressional term, which will commence
on the 4th of March, 1871, should not have the
benefit of the census returns ? And in view of
these facts I ask members whether they are
willing to throw away this entire time, and say
to my people, "You shall not have, until the
4th day of March, 1873, the fuller representa-
tion to which you are now entitled."
It may be asked, as it has been before, why
press this matter; it is only two years until the
completion of a decade? Two years at the
present time, with the questions now pend-
ing and to be acted upon during that time,
may fix the fate and determine the position of
the business interests of many communities
not now having an equal representation upon
this floor. We have already seen that, Mr.
Speaker. We have asked for a redistribution
of the banking capital, which all acknowledge
is unjust and unequal, and that has been refused
us. We have asked to have the mercantile in-
terest of the West placed upon the Saaae basis
as those of their more fully represented breth-
ren of the East, and thus far it is not granted.
Tariffs and internal taxation, banking, and the
regulation of the currency and its proper dis-
tribution, the mode and terms for arranging
and settling our great indebtedness, in fact all
the great economical questions are to be ad-
justed in such form that the varied interests of
this country shall have their rights and privi-
leges and beat only their just shares of the
burdens of the Government. To that end-every
portion of the land should have its equal and
exact representation on this floor. -
Our nation owes its very -existence to the
assertion of the great principle that taxation
without representation is a great political
wrong. The West, whose business interests
are as great as those of any other portion of
the Union, and require as much protection
u^on this floor as any other, demands that this
apportionment should be made at the earliest
day possible, that it may be applied to the
coming Forty-Second Congress. Howlongare
we to be kept in the condition of wards?
Now, sir, for one, as a Representative of a
growing and thriving community whose busi-
ness interests require care and protection and
defense—more so even than the old settled
communities—I demand, if it is legal and con-
stitutional, that you shall give us the repre-
sentation without delay to which we are enti-
tled under the laws and the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, whatever may
be the restriction in the third paragraph of
section two of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, so far as it is affected by legal construc-
tion, what is intended by it seems to be clear.
It breaks up time into sections or periods of
ten years each in order that it may be known
what has been the growth and condition of the
people during those periods, and that a new
apportionment may be made of the people's
Representatives. Each of these periods or
groups of time must contain ten years, and
cannot be claimed legitimately that anything
shall be added to either, or that anything
shall be taken from either.
This has been the practice and the working
ever since the first census was taken. The
enumeration in each ease has been made the
basis of the apportionment, and has been com-
pleted before presentation to Congress. It has
then been made the basis of apportionment,
and as each enumeratioapreceded each appor-
tionment, of course there must have been the
same time given to each ; that is, ten years to
each enumeration aftd five Congresses to each
apportionment. The two proceeded together;
the enumeration covered as broad a time as
