1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3725
continuing the publication of the debates and pro-
ceedings of Congress, and to report, if found prac-
ticable, such plan as will best subserve the interests
of the Government.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were j
adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. SLOCUM. I submit the following reso-
lution, upon which I call the previousquestion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
authorized to report at any timo tho bill to provide
for tho removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard.
The SPEAKER. This resolution requires
a suspension of the rules, in that it proposes to
give authority to the committee to report at
any time. Is there objection?
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is in order only after the expiration of
the morning hour of Monday.
seupsey & o'toole.
Mr. KELSEY submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, directed to inform this House how
much money has been paid to Dcmpsey & O'Toole
since the 6th of February, 1868, upon their contract
for supplying the Department of the Interior and the
several bureaus and officers therein with stationery
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869; and also
■whether said Dempsey k O'Toole now have any
eontract for furnishing stationery for said Depart-
ment or any of the bureaus or offices thereof.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
war expenditures in new york city.
Mr. WOOD submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Whereas the corporation of tho city of Now York
disbursed in the year 1861 nearly one million dollars,
under the direction of the Union defense committee,
of which Hon. Hamilton Fish and Hon. John A. Dix
were respectively chairmen, for the outfit of troops
which were used by the General Government in its
war for the maintenance of the Union; aDd whereas
no portion of this Bum has been refunded: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to include in any appropriation bill not
yet reported any amount which may be found due
said corporation of the city of New York on said
account after a proper examination by the Treasury
Department or by the committee into the subject.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the resolution
unless it is modified.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground does
the gentleman object?
Mr. KELSEY. I will not object if there is
no amount specified.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
■majority of the House to determine.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 34, noes 09 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 20, noes 97.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. KELSEY. I am willing to vote for the
resolution if it shall be modified.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising thereon,
ithe resolution, under the rule, will go over.
kiqht-i10ur system of labor.
Mr. MAYHAM submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
•question:
Jtesolved, That tho Committee on the Judiciary
be requested to report back the following bill,
offered 17th February by Mr. Cox, namely, a bill
(H. 11. No. 849) constituting eight hours a day's work
for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics in the em-
ploy of the Government of the United States:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That on and after the passage of this act eight
hours shall constitute a day's work for all laborers,
workmen, and mechanics who may now be employed,
or may hereafter be employed, by any officer or agent
of tho United States, or by any person or persons
contracting with any ofiicer or agent of the United
States.
Skc. 2. And be it farther enacted. That any officer
or ngent of the United States who shall evade or
attempt to evade any of tho provisions of this act
shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
sufficient proof thereof shall be removed from office
and place by the President of the United States, and
any person or persons contracting with any ofiicer or
agent of the United States who shall evade or at-
tempt to evade any of the provisions of this act shall
be deemed guilty of a violation of tho same, and on
conviction thereof in any Unite* States court shall
forfeit such contract, and in addition thsreto shall
be fined not more then $10,000 or less than SI,000.
Sec. 3. And be it, t'ur'her enacted, That the act enti-
tled 'An act constituting eight hours a day's work
for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics employed
by t>r on behalf of tho Government of the United
States,' approved June 25,1868, is hereby repealed.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 25, noes 02; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mayham
and Mr. Banks were appointed.
! The House divided; and the tellers report-
j ed—ayes 24, noes 99.
So the previous question was not seconded.
1 Mr. FARNSWORTH. In rise to debate the
, resolution.
j Mr. COX. In order to test the sense of the
J House I move that the resolution be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
, nois [Mr. Farnsworth] rises to debate the"
resolution, and it goes over. As the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] has sought
j the floor for the purpose of moving to lay the
; resolution on the table, the Chair desires to
make a definitive ruling upon that matter.
When any gentleman offers, during the morn-
ing hour of Monday, a resolution with the view
of testing the sense of the House upon it, if the
previous question is demanded and the House
refuses to second it the Chair will uniformly
recognize a gentleman who rises to debate the
resolution in preference to one who rises to
detain the House by a motion to lay on the
table. A gentleman offering a resolution has
a perfect right either to ask the previous ques-
tion or to move to lay it on the table for the
purpose of testing the sense of the House ; but
if he elects to demand the previous question,
j and the House refuses to second the demand,
| the Chair will uniformly recognize a gentleman
I who rises to debate the resolution.
lVNKUJIATIC TUBES FOR POSTAL PURPOSES.
Mr. REEVES submitted the following reso-
| lution, on which he demanded the previous
1 question:
Resolved, That th e Postmaster General be requested
to furnish to this House any information in his pos-
session respecting the practical operation, efficiency,
' cost, and reliability of tho transmission of mail mat-
ter in England by moans of pneumatic tubes, and to
state whether, in his opinion, such a method can bo
, successfully applied to the mail service between the
i main distributing offices in this country.
I On seconding the call for the previousques-
| tion, there were—ayes 22, noes 62; no quorum
i voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Reeves and
Mr. Maynaud were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed-^ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
1 So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to debate the res-
: olution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over.
tonnage dues.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2080) to exempt vessels engaged in the
internal and coastwise navigation of the United
States and in the fisheries from the payment of
tonnage dues; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. CHURCHILL called for the previous
question on ordering the bill to be engrossed
! and read a third time.
| The bill, which was read, provides that from
i and after the passage of this act no tonnage
■ dues, nor any tax in lieu thereof, shall be col-
lected from any steamer, vessel, or canal-boat
| owned exclusively by citizens of the United
| States, and duly enrolled and licensed and em-
j ployed in the internal or coastwise navigation
! of the United States, or in the bank, whale, or
i other fisheries.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
! vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the Hcuse
that that body had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1293) to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
1 this Union who have hitherto been denied that
right on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
i quested.
Ij The message further announced that the
ji Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
j in which the concurrence of the House was
! requested:
, An act (S. No. 439) to grant lands to the
| Sierra Iron Company ; and
i An act (S. No. 893) to establish an addi-
1 tional land district in the State of Kansas.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. ORIS WOLD submitted the following
' resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three of
the members of this House, be appointed by the
Speaker to ascertain and report to this House who
are the present owners interested in the franchise of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company; and that
the committee havo power to send for persons and
papers.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 53.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, whether this resolution, if adopted,
would not raise another special select com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. The House understands
the terms of the resolution.
Mr. GRISWOLD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Griswold
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 08, noes 58.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 87, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Axtell,Beatty, Bird, Burchard, Burr, Calkin,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cox. Crebs, Cullom.Davis.Deek-
ery. Duval, Dyer, J5la, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finlc-
elnburg,Gibson, Griswold, Haklcman.Hamill. Haw-
kins, Hawley, llay, llefliu, Hill, llolman. Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Ke-rr, Knott,
Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Neely, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Orth.
Packard, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Ilogcr3,
Sargent, Shanks. Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Stevens, Stone, Strong. Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Tyner, Van Trump. Van Wyck, Ward.
Willard, Williams, Winans, Winchester, Witcher.
Wood, and Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs, Allison, Ames, Atwood, Ayer,
