1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4669
111 it Led to the proper accounting officers that tho
claimants under this act have ne\rcr received com-
pensation for their services from any source what-
ever.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE II. BONJEBKAKIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 345) for the relief of George
H. Bonebrake, of Indiana; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury to allow
and credit George H. Bonebrake, captain and
commissary of subsistence of volunteers, the
sum of $9So of public money of the subsistence
department, stolen from him in July, 18G5, at
lndianola, Texas, without fault or neglect on
his part.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS FOSTER.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that itdo not pass, the bill (IT.
II. No. 1726) for the relief of Thouias Foster,
cleik Thiid Auditor's office; end moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. W ASHB URN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
laid on the table; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN MILONE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2285) for the relief of John Milone, postmaster
at Uhricksville, Ohio ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and renxl a third time.
XKc bill vvub read. It uuiliuriz^s mid diieci.s
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
in settling the accounts ot John Milone, post-
masterat Uhricksville. Ohio, to allow and credit
hira with the sum of §210, the amount of post
office stamps stolen from his ofuce without
fault or neglect on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vole by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that tho motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.^
The latter motion was agreed to.
I1IKAil A. CUTTING,
Mr. WASHBUIIN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the mil (U.
R. No. 301.0) for the relief of Hiram A. Cutting.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed aud
i ead a, third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the Lull was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMISSION OX KANSAS CLAIMS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported back House bill No.
2273, authorizing the appointment of a com-
missioner and the settlement of claims of Sarah
JS. Hoyt, Charles Freeman, William Hutchin-
son, and others; and the same was referred
to the Committee of the Whole, placed on
the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STILES. I ask leave, at some time
hereafter, to present the views of the minority
of the Committee of Claims in opposition to
this bill.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
COAST DEFENSE OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 346) for the settlement of the claim of the
State of Massachusetts for coast defense; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
MASSACHUSETTS WAK EXPENSES.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that the
same do pass, House bill No. 2104, providing
for refunding the interest paid by the State of
Massachusetts on money expended by her on
account of the war of 1812 to 1815.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that there shall be allowed on
the claim of the State of Massachusetts, for
interest paid by her on money expended by
said State on account of the war with Great,
Britain in 1812 to 1815, the sum $078,362 41, in
full of said claim ; and whereas by an arrange-
ment made by the said State of Massachusetts
aud the State of Maine, at the 'time of their
separation, in 1820, the said State of Maine
becomes the owner of one third of this claim,
and whereas both of said States have assigned
their respective interests in said claim to the
European and North American Railway Com-
pany of Maine, to aid said company in con-
structing its line of railway, the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to pay one third part of tile said claim of
$678,362 41 to the State of Maine, and the
other two thirds part thereof to the State of
Massachusetts, by an issue to each of said
States, for the use and benefit of said European
and North American Railway Company, of an
amount of United States certificates of indebt-
edness equal to its share m the whole sum
allowed and to be paid: said certificates to be
of the denomination of §1,000 each to be
made and issued by the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury in such form, and signed, attested, and
registered as he shall direct,, and with or with-
out interest warrants, as ho may prefer. Each
certificate to run five years from its date, to
draw interest, payable semi-annually, at the
rate of lour per cent per annum, and to be
pavable, both principal and interest, in lawful
money of the United States to be hereafter
appromiated and provided for by Congress.
'The second section provides that the accept-
ance bv the said States ot Massachusetts and
Maine of the amount hereby authorized to be
paid to each of them shall be regarded as a
full adjustment and settlement for the expend-
itures made by Massachusetts in tae war ot
1812-15. and of the interest thereon.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This billet seems to
me, contains an appropriation. I reserve my
right to make a point of order upon it until
the report accompanying it shall have keen
tead.
The reoort was read, as ioIiotvs :
The Committee of Claims, to which was ^6^6^
a bill entitled "A bill to refund to the btate s ■°t ilas
sachusetts and Maine interest paid bj theia on ad
vances to tho United States, and to provide for tho
defense of the northeastern frontier, have had the
same under consideration, and submit the following
report: ^
The advances referred to m said Dill were ior
expenditures made by Massachusetts for the benefit
of the United States in the war of 1812-15 with Great
Britain. Maine was then an integral part of Massa-
chusetts, and afterward, by the terms of separation
from Massachusetts, made in 1820, she became tho
owner of one third part of the claim for reimburse-
ment on account of said expenditures.
These expenditures amounted to the sum of $843,-
349 GO, and of this sum the United States, on the 2d
day of March, 1831* refunded S430.748 26, and on the
3d day ot March, 1859, the further sum of $227,176 48,
making in all£657,92i 74, and rejected, or lett unpaid,
tho sum of $185,424 86.
Upon the amount thus recognized and refunded
the said States make a claim for an allowance of in-
terest upon it, to bo computed by the usual and legal
methods, andapplying the limitation that the amount
shall not at any time be in excess of the amount of
interest tho State of Massachusetts was then paying
or losing". By this mode of computation, and by the
application of this restriction, the amount of interest
to be refunded or repaid is tound to amount to about
one million two hundred and forty-five thousand
dollars. ,
The committee find thai it has been the uniform
practice of tho United States to allow and pay in-
terest to the States upon expenditures made by them
for war purposes, from and including the revolution-
ary warto the war of the rebellion, the rules applied
at different times being more or less restrictive.
Seven States, namely,Virginia, Maryland, Delaware,
New York, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Mas-
sachusetts, made expenditures onaccountof the war
of 1812-15. and allot'thorn have had interest allowed
and paid to thein thereupon, except Massachusetts.
In each case the comuiuteo also lound that the in-
terest was not paid at the time of settlement of the
principal, but at periods long after such settlements,
and in rno.4 cases as long as the period which has
elapsed smce tho last payment of principal to Mas-
sachusetts, and by special authority ot Congress.
(See Senate lleport Jxo. 4, first sessionof the present
Congress, and cases therein referred to.)
This claim for interest litis received the sanction
of tho following committees of this House, namely,
select. Committee on r.he Defenses of tho jSortheast-
ern Frontier, xeport No. 139, first session ^Thirty-
Eighth Congress: Committee on .Foreign Affairs, re-
port No. 7, second session TUirty-ifinth Congress.
The Committee on Military Aft lirsattho last session
of the Fortieth Congress agreed upon a report m Us
favor, but was unable to submit it to the House, by
application ot the rules. The Commn tee on Foreign
Kelatioji's of the Senate have three times reported
fu.vori.bly upon it. (See Senate bills 457, second ses-
sion Thirty-^ inth Congress; 45. first session Fortieth
Congress, and 232, firstsession Forty-First Congress.)
In view of all the facts and piecedeuts beaimg
upon the cfi^ethccomrnittee believe that the amount
of interest actually paid by Massachusetts on account
of thu expenditures made by her and acknowledged
and refunded by tho United States, at least, must
inju>licc be repaid, either now or at some future
time; and in view of the iact that tho claim has been,
assigned by the said States ot Massachusetts and
Maine to the European and North American Hall-
way Company of Maine, to aid said company m con-
stiacting its line of railway the northeastern
boundary of tiio United tat;;.-, which railway if; re-
garded as being of great importance, in a political,
commercial, and military point ot view, wo recom-
mend the payment now, not of tho amount found due
under the rale of computation heretofore set. forth as
claimed, but the amount found due by us, by the
application of a more restricted rule, to wit, by all ow-
ing tho amount of interest actually paid by Mas-
sachusetts irom tho time of the expenditures.lO tlie
tunc of the first payment, and then from tho principal
dcductirg the payment, and upon the remainder ot
the principal allowing interest to the time ot the last
navment, by which the amount to be paid 111 full 1.0
said Slate;, 011 their claim is reduced to the sum ot
^678 30' 12 This amount we regard as being .lastly
und'fairly duo on the claim, and to consummate this
conclusion the accompanying bill is reported as a
Mib. tif.ute for the bill referred to us, and its passage
recommended by the House.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until the morn-
ing hour of to-morrow.
CREDENTIALS 01? T,. I'. V1IITTE3IORK.
Vr. IiOGxVK. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKEU. By special assignment,
the case of B. 1A Whitteinore, of South Oar-
olina, claiming a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative elect from the first congressional
district of the State of South Carolina, comes
up to-day al, the expiration of the morning
hour. . .
Mr. LOGAN. I submit a preamble and
resolution, which I send to the Clerk's desk
to be road.
The Clerk read as follows:
I'l Whereas the Committee on Military Affairs of this
I House submitted, on the 3.at day of F ebruary last, J
Si report with evidence showing that B. It. hitteiuoic,
ji then a uieniber of Congress from feouth Carolina,
II had been influenced by improper pecuniary confcid-
