1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5613-
State op Pennsylvania, Zyooming county, ss:
Personally appeared before mc, the subscriber, a
rotary public in and for the county of Lycoming, g,
E. Ancona, who being duly sworn according to law,
deposes and says:
I resided in the city of Reading, Pennsylvania, in
the year 1861. X have read that portion of the affi-
davit of Captain James McKnight, appended and
marked "A." relating to the conversation of Major
General William IX. Keim with him.
The general on or about that time imparted to me
the same information, and placed me under similar
orders. I was then commanding a troop of cavalry.
S. E. ANCONA.
[L. 8.]
Sworn and subscribed before me this 15th day of
June, A. D. 1870.
J. A. BEEBER,
Notary Fublic.
D.
Reading, April 15,18G1.
Governor A. G. Curtin :
The Ringgold light artillery areparadingthismorn-
ing with guns for practice, and have ninety men on
parade, every one expecting to be ordered on duty
ior United States service before they leave their
guns.
II. A. LANTZ.
Harrisburg, April Id, 1861.
II. A. Lantz, Heading :
Dispatch received. Will be answered more fully
as soon as possible.
S. B. THOMAS, Deputy Secretary.
I certify that the above are true copies from the
record in the adjutant general's office, at Harris-
bUr®' CHARLES P. MUHLENBERG.
Blading, April 16,1861.
Eli Slifee, esq.:
We are a light battery of four guns. Shall webring
them with horses? "■ Tr„T„TTm _ , .
J. McKMGHT, CaptoM.
IIakrisbckg, Aprillb, 1861.
Captain J. McKnight:
Bring them with you, unless otherwise ordered.
When can you come? ^ EL3! SLIEER.
X certify that the above are true copies from the
record in the adjutant general's office at H%rns-
burg, p_ MUHLENBEEe.
F.
" Military companies which have tendered their
services to Governor Curtin under the call of the
President, and been accepted: Berks, Ringgold ar-
tillery ; Schuylkill, national light infantry ,\Vashing-
ton artillery."—Daily Telegraph, Ilamsburg, Apr%<
10, 1861. _
"Lflstnight, abouteighto'clock, the Ringgold artil-
lery, Captain McKnight, of Reading, numbering one
hundred, arrived. They took up quarters at iierr s
Hotel. They are a fine body of men, and are fully
prepared and determined to do their whole duly in
the present crisis. Our citizens welcomed them with
cheers."—Daily Telegraph, A$nl April If, x8ol.
" Reading infantry, (meaning artillery.)—We point
with pride to Ibis noble company, winch arrived
here last evening—the first on the grounu. —hauic
ptijjtr and tame date.
"Mora military.—The Logan guards, of Lewi'-
town. arrived Here this morning."—Daily lelegrapli,
April 17.
I certify that the above arc correct extracts, made
by myself, from the Daily Telegraph, published at
llarrisburg.l'enn^jm^ MUHLENBERG.
G.
LEWiSTOvrN, April 16,1861.
Hon. KliSlipes: .
My company will be ready to start to-night at
eleven o'clock if you make arrangements ior us.
Answor- j. B. SELIIEIMEK.
Haeiusbues, Api il 16,1831.
J. B.Selhkimep., Lewintun:
Ii jour company is full, come.
ELI SLIFER.
LEWISTOWX, April IS, 1861.
Hon. Eli Smjek:
We have the requisite number of men, and will bo
down to-night. n_ gELIIEIMER.
I certify that the above are true copies from,the
records in the adjutant general's office at Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania.
CIXAS. P. MUHLENBERG.
H.
State of Pennsylvania, Berks County, em
Personally appeared before me, Abner IC.Stauffer
a notary public in and for the county of Berks, G
A. Nicolls, who being duly sworn, according to law
doth depose and say :
I am now, and was, upon April 16,1861, general
superintendent of the Philadelphia and Reading
Railroad Company.
The Ringgold light artillery of Reading, Pennsyl-
vania, were furnished with transportation to ttar-
risburg upon the 16ch April, 1861; they left Reading
at aboutsis o'clock p. m. It takes about two hours
to reach Ilarrislmrg. I saw them leave Reading.
G. A. JSflCOLLS.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 15th day of
June, A. D. 1870.
fr Ql A. It. STAUFFER,
1 ' ' 'J Notary Dublic.
Mr. COX. I movo that the House do now
adjourn. We have evidently become demoral-
ized.
GRAND AND PETIT JUJIORS.
Mr. MERCUR, from a committee of confer-
ence, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (.IE. R. No. 936)
to provide for the compensation of grand and petit
jurors in the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House concur in the first amendment of
the Senate on pago 2, section two, line four, striking
out the -word "peremptory."
That the Senate recede from its second amendment,
by which it added a tbirdsection, and that thetlmd
section be struck out.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
JOJO COBURiW
P. VAN TRUMP,
Manager* on the part of the. House.
M.H. CARPENTER,
AV. M. STEWART,
A. G. TUURMAN,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
DRAWBACKS OS'COTTON GOODS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's .table the
amendment of the Senate to House joint reso-
lution No. 358, to construe the aet of March
31, 18G8.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the act of March 31, 1868, chapter
forty-one. shall beheld and construed not to
prohibit the drawback provided by section six
of the aet of July 13, 18G4, chapter one hun-
dred and eighty-four, of so many cents per
pound of cotton cloth, yarn, thread, or knit
articles manufactured exclusively from cotton,
and exported prior to May 1, I860, as shall
have been assessed and paid in the form of
internal tax upon the raw cotton entering into
the manufacture of said cloth or other articles.
The amendment of the Senate was to add
the following:
Provided, That such drawbacks sb;ill be limited to
exportation;, made not moie than six months after
tlie date of siippienieiuary regulations i-^ned by tlic
Commissioner of Internal Uovonue, and approved
by tlie Secretary oi the Treasury, Aiay 10,1SG3.
No objection being' made, the amendment
of the Senate was taken from the Speaker's
table. '
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. CBEBS. I understand that objection
is withdrawn to the bill in relation to a bridge
across the Ohio river.
Mr. WARD. I renew the objection.
EXltOLLKD BILLS, ETC., SIGNT-D.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a jouit
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Briga-
dier General Alexander Hays, who was billed in
the battle of the Wilderness May 5, 1804:
A bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beaty's company of independ-
ent scouts;
_ A bill (H. R, No. 1986) to extend the pro-
visions of the preemption laws to the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2160) to create a port of
delivery at Houston, Texas; '
A bill (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
William Selden;
A bill _ (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the
importation of a common road steam locomo-
tive free of duty; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash river.
REMISSION OF FINES.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That tho lines imposed upon members
for being absent without leave be remitted.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended and the resolution adopted.
Tho question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 110, noes 10.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
adopted.
•70IIN BACHELDER.
Mr. CALKIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideration at this time, the bill of the
Senate No. 10-17, to extend the letters-patent
granted to John Bachelder.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
take a recess untill half past eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess till half past eight p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past eight
o'clock p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had passed joint resolutions of
the following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested':
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
account of George Chorpenning; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 377) granting
condemned ordnance to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association, Ohio.
The message further announced thatthe Sen-
ate had passed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles, without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 410) for the reliefof Sarah
L. Goodrich;
A bill (H. R. No. 412) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of W. C. Whilthorne,
of Maury county, Tennessee :
A bill (H. It.. No. 2409) for tho relief of
Rittenhouse P. Finck'; #
A bill (H. R. No. 2408) for the creation
of an additional land district in the State of
California;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 383) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over tho Botanic Gardens:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 381) giving
; condemned cannon to decorate the soldiers'
burial plat at White Plains, New York ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) giving
condemned ordnance to the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers at Milwaukee, Wisconsin ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 372) to permii
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow certain
boats to cairy passengers and their baggago
between American ports on Lake Ontario:
