2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
of that kind. The conversation changed immedi-
ately after that to matters which had no connection
whatever with the question. I never saw Mr. French
before until I saw Bins to-day.
" Question, Did you receive anyinvitation to bid
for furnishing granite for the post office building ?
"Answer. No, sir; I did not.
" Question. Are your quarries so situated that you
could furnish granite for the building ?
" Ansioer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Have you furnished granite for any
buildings in Boston?
"Answer. No, sir. They are at "Westerly, Rhode
Island, and the freight from there is about the same
as from Concord, or Quincy, or the other granite
quarries, so that we ought to be able to furnish it as
cheap as it can be furnished from any other part; but
Boston has not been one of our markets for the stone;
the demand has been in other directions for all that
we can supply.
"Question. Were you looking to have advertise-
mentsor proposals in regard to furnishing the granite
for the Boston post office?
"Answer. Yes, sir? I knew thrat the building was
to be erccted, and if I had seen any advertisement
for the granite I should have looked into it and
should probably have made a bid, butl did not know
anything about it until after the contract was lot.
" By Mr. Twichell:
"Question. You have notfurnished stono for any
building in Boston ?
"Answer. No, sir. We are now furnishing granite
for the Connecticut Mutual Insurance Company in
Hartford, a very largo building, requiring between
three and four thousand tons.
" Question. Do you know the price that the Govern-
ment is paying for the stone?
"./iusiwr. I have been told to-day the price that it
is paying lor the basement and foundation stone. I
understood the pricQ to be about forty cents per
cubic foot.
" Question. Do you know anything about the qual-
ity ol the stone?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir; know it well.
" Question. Is the stone of good quality ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. llow docs this price compare with what
you would have furnished stone for?
"Ansxoer. Forty cents a cubic foot is less than the
cost of the material when quarried, either at llock-
ford or Quincy, Concoid or Westerly, or at other
places that I know.
" Question. About what would cover the cost of
delivering it at Boston ?
"Answer. I should think from sixty to sixty-five
cents. But there must be a largo loss on furnishing
the stone for these foundations. There has been a
good deal of feeling among the trade with reference
to this contract, and it has grown out of this fact, that
we supposed (at least I supposed it lor one) that this
contract was let without giving the trade an oppor-
tunity to bid for it; that it was made up in Washing-
ton and let to a man out of the business who did not
unow anything about the business in the first place,
and that the trade was wholly ignored. That was
supposed to be the case. I never saw any advertise-
ment; but I understood since that parties here in
Boston did have an opportunity to bid for the con-
tract, and did bid for it; but that their piices were
above those offered by Mr. French, and that Mr.
French got it. Undoubtedly the contract, as it has
been stated to me, will average well enough with the
superstructure, basement, and all; but Mr. French
undoubtedly loses money on the basement.
"Question. Has the information that you have
received since coming here changed your mind?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I have seen Mr. Sheldon this
morning. He was one of the principal complainants,
and I find now that Mr. Sheldon did put a bid in for
these identical foundations. Other gentlemen say
that they had every opportunity for bidding for the
contract; so that I am perfectly satisfied that the
trade had every opportunity which it should have
had to bid upon it, but they were out-generaled by
the low price offered for the foundations, and that
price carried the whole thing.
"Question. The contract is fifty-five cents per foot
for tho superstructure and one cent additional for
stone over twenty feet. Now, if a stone is thirty
cubic feet, instead of twenty, what would be the
price for the whole of it?
"Answer. I suppose it would be sixty-five cents.
If the stone is forty feet, then the stone would be
seventy-five cents afoot, and that would be a reason-
able price.
4 "By Mr. Boyd: ^
"Question. Would it not be unreasonably high?
Answer. No, sir, it would not.
" By Mr. Fitch :
"Question. You understand that tho price would
then be seventy-five cents for the whole stone ?
"Answer. I understand that. I would not supply
it for that price.
"By Mr. Twichell:
"Question. In your judgment is the price reason-
able or unreasonable?
"Answer. It is a reasonable price for good material,
t can get for good stock of that sia* a dollar a foot
right at the quarry,
"By Mr. Ferry:
t " Question. Let us take as the basis to work upon
fifty-five cents a cubic foot for tho superstructure,
one cent per foot additional for stone ov^r twenty
eubic feet, what do you understand the price of a
stone of forty cubic feet would be per foot ?
"Answer. I understand that it would bo seventy-
five cents per cubic foot, and that would bo areason-
able price. But there is another way of measuring,
adding one cent for every foot by the rule of arith-
metrical progression, and by that mode, by the time
you get to fifty or sixty feet, you would bo getting
all that the stone is worth.
" Question. That is not the interpretation of the
contractor?
Very well; if he construes it the other
way he construes it properly.
"Question. And you think that the contract is favor-
able to the Government ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; so far as the material is con-
cerned.
" Question. Then I understand you that if a block
contains forty cubic feet the price of it would be forty
times seventy-five?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and the stone is worth it, too.
That additional number of cubic feet would make it
worth that prico.
t "By Mr. Fitch:
"Question. You say that Mr. Sheldon expressed
himself to you as being satisfied with the contract ?
" Ansxoer. Satisfied as to the foundations,
" Question. And as to the trade having had a fair
opportunity to compete?
''Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. When did he express himself to you as
dissatisfied?
"Answer. For ono or two or three months back;
sincc the letting of the contract.
"Question. But since you hare met him here he-
has changed his views ?
"Answer. lie has said to me all along that he had
no opportunity to bid for the contract. He said that
what was estimated to cost $800,000 he would under-
take to supply for $400,000. Now, there has been no
opportunity whatever to judge whether it would cost
eight hundred thousand dollars, orfive or six hundred
thousand dollars, or three or four hundred thousand
dollars.
" Question. But he tolls you now that ho has had
an opportunity to bid?
"Answer. Yes; on the foundations, but not on the
superstructure. The contract as to the superstruc-
ture makes the other contract possiblo. Separate
the contract for the foundations from that for the
superstructure and Mr. French would lose a large
sum of money upon the first one.
" Question. How with regard to the cutting of the
stone? The terms of the contract are that Mr.
French is to receive fifteen per cent, on the cost of
the cutting, the Government paying tho wages of tho
laborers and of the foremen, all except Mr. French's
superintendent, and paying the market rates.
"Answer. It is easy for him to make the o*rrent
rates.
"By Mr. Twichell :
" Question. With the men fairly hired and faiily
worked, at the ordinary prices, is the fifteen per
ccnt. to the contractor an unreasonable prico?
"Answer. No, sir.
"By Mr. Fitch :
" Question. Is it unusual ?
"Answer. No, sir; no one of us would figure for
less than fifteen per cent, if we wore to take the
contract.
"Question. Would you consent to give a lease of
your quarry to the Government so that the Gov-
ernment might go on and take out the stono in case
you failed to deliver it as fast as the Government
wanted it?
"Answer. Oh. certainly. If I make a contract in
good faith, and if I fail to carry out my contract, it
seems to me nothing unreasonable that tho Govern-
ment should be permitted to take my quarry and go
on and take out all the stone it requires. It is merely
a bond to the extent of the value of the quarry for
faithful performance of my own contract. I would
not lease my quarry to the Government or anybody
else except it wero to fulfill my contract. I do not
see anything unreasonable in that.
t< "By Mr. Boyd:
"Question. As to the price of stono, you mean that
if a stono measures more than twenty cubic feet you
charge tho whole number of feet, with tho additional
price?
"Answer. Yes, sir; just as many cents as there are
additional feet are to be added to the entire mass,
and with that understanding it is a reasonable con-
tract for the Government. But there was measure-
ment of the stones for the Treasury building in the
way of arithmetical progression.
"Question. Docs not this contract go in the way of
arithmetical progression?
"Answer. No, sir; if it did the contractor, when
large stones were supplied, would get double what
they were worth. 1 think that some of the large
stones in the Treasury building, when measured in
that way, amounted to as much as $37,000. For in-
stance, the small stones in tho building wero bid for
at absolutely less than cost, but they went on chang-
ing the size and ordering large stones, and thereby
hangs a talc. I do not know how much the con-
tractorswere eventually paid; butl believe that for
those stones, which amounted by that measurement
to $35,000, the contractor finally got six or seven
thousand dollars. I do not see anything out of the
way in this contract, as I understand it.
"By Mr. Fitch:
" Question, If it wore in arithmetical progression
you would think it was something out of the way?
"Answer. Then I should like to have such a con-
tract ; I do not think I should want but one. [After
again examining the contract.] I do not sec how
this contract can be interpreted in any other way
than I ha\ e interpreted it. Ido not see any chances,
of applying the rule of arithmetical progression.
"By Mr. Twichell :
"Question. You would not want togetout the large
stone even at the,price?
"Answer. No, sir; I would rather have to take out
the small ones.
"Question. In large buildings like this what pro-
portion of stone is usually less than twenty feet?
44Answer. In a building of this kind there will be. a
good many stones very far beyond that. These win-
dow-caps will every one of them run over twenty
feet. They will measure nearly thirty cubic feet.
These columns will measure fifty cubic feet and over.
I do not understand myself, upon that scale of prices,
the whole thing being carried out fairly, where the
profits come from.
44By Mr. Furry:
"Question. Would it not be very essential for the
contractor to know the dimensions of those stones
before he could bid for them intelligently ?
"Answer. No, sir; I can tell from what I have
seen of those drawings of the superstructure that
there is nothing difficult to furnish.
" Question. Would it not make a difference with
you in fixing the price to know something of the size
of the stone; for instance, if the columns be solid or
in sections ?
" Answer. Certainly.
44 Question. Would it not be essential for you to
know the size of the stone, as your prices would be
graduated according to the size?
" Answer. Yes.
"Question. Youcouldnot bid without knowing the
size of the stone?
"Answer. Not intelligently; but a contractor could
guess at it.
" By Mr. Twichell :
44 Question. Having seen the contract, and having
seen the design for the building, what is your judg-
ment with regard to the price of the stone ?
" Answer. 1 think the contractor will have to whit-
tle his fifteen percent, considerably before he figures
up any profit.
" Question. You think the contract favorable to
the Government?
" Answer. Y es, sir; I do. If it is carried out fairly,
as wo understand it, and with the measurement all
right, I do not see why it is not favorable to the Gov-
ernment. It is cheaper than I would take it.Iwouid
not undertake the contract at those prices.
"By Mr. Fitch:
" Question. Take the fifteen per cent, in connection
with it, that would probably compensate for the loss
upon the stone?
"Answer. I think Mr. French will have to cut into
that fifteen percent. If thecontractshould run into
one or two million dollars, then fifteen per cent,
would amount to a very large sum of money. Five
per cent, commission upon the cost of that building
would employ the best talent in the United States.
But he has agreed to furnish stone at a price up.on
which he will have to impinge upon his fifteen per
cent, to make himself whole.
" Question. If he gets lifteen per cent, upon tho
whole cost of the building he can afford to lose on
the stone?
" Answer. Yes, he may lose $50,000 on the stone and
still not suffer; and that is the security of this con-
tract. The contractor has bid for the foundation at
a price below cost because his commission at fifteen
per cent, on so large a contract will allow him to do
so. It will take a good deal of the fifteen per cent,
to make up his loss.
" Question. You can afford to lose ten or fifteen
thousand dollars upon the contract lor supplying
the first floor of the building if you know that you
can thus ingratiate yourself with the party employ-
ing you so that he would let you have the contract
for the other part of it upon better terms. ¥ ou would
be willing to go into the business upon that plan ?
"Answer. In other words, I would give $25,000 for
an entry fee for a contract of that kind. I would as
lief give a check for the $25,000 in the first instance
as to make a low bid and give it in that way. In
bidding we very often do that. We will make a bid
for a portion of the work at less than cost in order to
get at the rest of the work.
"Question. For a building of that magnitude can-
not the very best talent of the country in the way of
architecture and engineering be procured at a great
deal less than fifteen per cent, upon the cost, where
there is no responsibility and no outlay ?
"Ansiccr. Oh, yes, sir.
(i "By Mr. Boyd:
" Question. A man could make money oa it at five
per cent.?
"Answer. Yqs, sir; the Government furnishing all
the money, so that a man had nothing to do but to
go in and take care of the building, five per cent,
would be big pay.
" Question. Suppose you had got a quarry that had
not been worked for a number of years, and that the
Government proposed to you to make such a con-
tractus this, with the understanding that if you could
not do the work you might simply surrender the
quarry to the Government, and that the Government
would pay you twenty-five cents a ton on the stone
taken out, would you not regard that as a pretty
good operation on your side, without any other fea-
ture m the ease?
♦u? tbink fr01^ what I know of this quarry
that it will be worth five times as much after the
Btone for this building is taken out of it as it is now.
Question, lou think that the sione taken out of
that quarry now is really developing the work for
tbe quarry?
"Answer. Certainly, sir; and Ipresume that if the
proposition had been made in the first place to the
