4670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
erations in making appointments to the Military
and N aval Academics, which report was accompanied
by the following resolution, namely:
"Resolved, That B. F. Whittemore, a Representa-
tive in Congress from the first congressional district
of South Carolina, be, and he is hereby, oxpelled
from his seat as a member of the House of Represent-
atives in the Forty-First Congress."
And whereas, pending the action of the House on
said resolution, the said Whittemore resigned his
seat, whereupon the House adopted the following
resolution, namely:
"Revolved, That B. I1. Whit tern ore, late member
from the first district of South Carolina, did make
appointments to the Military Academy at W est Point
■,;nd tho Naval Academy at Annapolis in violation of
law, and that such appointments were influenced by
pecuniary considerations, and that his conduct in the
premises has been such as to show him unworthy of
a seat in the House of Representatives, and is there-
fore condemned as conduct unworthy of a Represent-
ative otthe people."
And whereas said B. F. Whittemore has, since the
adoption of said resolution, been reelected a, member
of the House of Representatives to tho Forty-First
Congress, and has presented his credentials as such
Representative-elect; Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the House of Representatives
decline to allow said li. F. Whittemore to be sworn as
a Representative in the Forty-First Congress, and
direct that his credentials be returned to him.
Mr. LOGAN. I had not desired to enter
into the discussion of this matter at length;
but as others desire to discuss it somewhat I
will state briefly my views of the subject. In
doing so I shall ask the attention of the House
but a very short time in giving my views in
reference to the propriety of adopting the pre-
amble and resolution which has just been read
by the Clerk.
I base my opinion, first, upon the Consti-
tution of the United States, which authorizes
Congress to prescribe rules and regulations for
the government of their members, and pro-
vides that by a two-thirds vote either House
may expel any one of its members without
prescribing the offenses for which either House
may expel.
I take it for granted, then, that the House
of Representatives has the power to expel a
member for any offense against its rules. I
presume the Constitution did not contemplate
the expulsion of a member for a mere differ-
ence of opinion, for any merely political rea-
sons, or for anything except a violation of the
rules of the House or an infraction of some
existing law. This being the theory with which
I start out, I then assume that where the House
of Representatives has the power to expel for
ari offense against its rules, or a violation of
any law of the land, it has the same power to
exclude a person from its body. This House,
therefore, having once acted in this case, and
Mr. Whittemore having escaped expulsion by
the act of resignation, thereby preventing the
House from executing judgment upon him
while he was withm their jurisdiction, and also
admitting himself thereby to be guilty of an
offense which is by tho laws of the Govern-
ment a felony, and which renders him infa-
mous, I take it for granted that the House has
the power to exclude such a person whenever
the exercise of the authority of expulsion
would be justified by the act of the party.
I send to the desk, and ask the Clerk
to read, an extract from the Statutes of the
United States in reference to offenses of this
kind.
The Clerk read as follows, from the aet of
July 13, 1866:
"Sec. 62. Andbe it further enacted, That if any per-
son or persons shall, directly or indirectly, promise,
offer, or give, or cause or procuro to be promised,
offered, or given, any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present, or reward, or any promise, contract,
undertaking, obligation, or security for the payment
or delivery of any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, prosent, or rew.ird, or any other valuable
thing whatever to an officer of the United States, or
person holding any place oi trust or profit, or dis-
charging any official function tinder, or in connec-
tion with, any department of the Government of the
United States, after the passage of this act, with in-
tent to influence his decision or action on any ques-
tion, matter, cause, or thing which may then be
pending, or may by law be brought before him in his
official capacity, or in his place of trust or profit, or
with intent to influence any such officer or person to
commit, or aid or abet in committing, any fraud on
the revenue of the United States, or to connive at or
collude in, or to allow or permit, or make opportun-
ity lor the commission of any such fraud, and shall
be thereof convicted, such person or persons so offer-
ing, promising, or giving, or causing, or procuring
to be promised, offered, or given, any such money,
goods, right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or
any promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, or
security for the payment or delivery of any money,
goods, right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or
other valuable thing whatevor, and the officer or
person who shall in any wise accept or receive the
same, or any part respectively, shall be liable to in-
dictment in any court of the United States having
.jurisdiction, and shall, upon conviction thereof, be
hned not exceedingthreotimos the amount so offered,
promised, given, accepted, or received, and impris-
oned not exceeding three years: and the person con-
victed of so accepting or receiving the same, or any
part thereof, if an officer or person holding any such
place of trust or profit, shall forfeit his office or place;
and any person so convicted under this section shall
forever be disqualified to hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States."
Mr. LOGAN. Now, it will be perceived
from the reading of that statute, with its pen-
alties applying to offenses of this kind, that any
officer of the United States who may use his
influence in office to procure for pay any
appointment, election, vote, or anything else,
renders himself thereby liable to conviction in
a court of justice and imprisonment in the
penitentiary; be makes himself infamous ; he
is forever disqualified from holding any office
of trust or profit. Now, I have been asked in
conversation whether it is not necessary that
there shall be an investigation in a court of
justice before the Congress of the United States
can act in reference to the disqualification of a
person who may have committed an offense of
this kind. Sir, I hold the doctrine to be well
settled that any legislative or deliberative body
such as this, in considering offenses of this
kind in violation of its rules or the laws of the
land, acts judicially and has the power to do
that which it may deem necessary to protect
itself in the premises. Numerous cases might
be cited to sustain this position. If, then, the
act of Mr. Whittemore was such that a con-
viction by judgment of a court would render
him infamous, would condemn him to the pen-
itentiary, would disqualify him for holding any
office of trust or profit under the United States,
what is there to protect him under the present
circumstances from the infamy or disqualifica-
tion affixed by the lav/ to his offense? Merely
the act of a court, sir; and that is all. A court,
then, cannot perform its duty under the law.
A grand jui-y cannot perform its duty under
the law. If, then, the rule is that it must be
a court which disqualifies this man, and we can
do no more, then the power of Congress is gone
so far as the power of protecting itself is con-
cerned.
But, sir, the power belongs to this body,
and by a parity of reasoning, if ho can be
convicted and rendered infamous by a court
for an offense, Congress, having the power to
expel him for this offense, whether the court
does act, or not, has the power and the right,
having the power to expel, also to exclude
him from Congress for the same offense. If
Congress has the power to expel a man for an
offense, and he escapes expulsion by resigna-
tion, to hold that Congress does not have the
power to exclude him for the reason that he
has committed that offense is to say that the
power to expel amounts to nothing. Then
the power given in the Constitution of the
United States to this body to expel amounts
to nothing. It practically amounts to no power
when it is declared to be a power which Con-
gress cannot exercise. A man may resign before
you adopt the resolution of expulsion. You
cannot exercise the power to expel, for the
argument is that you cannot exercise the power
because the man has escaped by resignation.
If the power of Congress, then, ceases, it
amounts to nothing, and it was never intended
that it should. Now, we know that power was
never given to a court or to a legislative body
except for the purpose of having the power
exercised when the necessity arises for its
exercise.
Then, Mr. Speaker, the proper way in my
judgment is to exclude this man from being
sworn into this House as a member. We m kst
prevent him from taking the oath of office.
His constituents were notified by this House,
by the resolution we/adopted, that we refuged
to have his presence here. They were notified
that Congress deemed him not to be a proper
man to hold a seat in this House.' Yet,'sir,
he has been returned by them to this House
as an insult to Congress by this constituency.
They tell us that he shall be a member of Con-
gress, and we have" no power to prevent his
taking his seat. Such seems to be the theory
of his constituency on this point.
It is said that a constituency have the right
to elect such a member as they may think
proper. I say no. We cannot say that he
shall be of a certain politics, or of a certain
religion, or anything of that kind; but, sir,
we have the right to say that he shall not be a
man of infamous character. He is not merely
a Representative of the constituents who elect
him, but his vote in this -House is a vote for
the whole nation. It is a vote for the people
of the whole country, and every district of
the United States has the same interest in his
vote that his own district has. Hence, if Con-
gress shall not have the power or authority, or
shall not have the right to exclude a man of
that kind, then the rights of the people of the
whole country may be destroyed by a district
sending a Representative who may be obtained
to vote in a manner which may be destructive
of the rights of the people. Are we to be told
that Congress h'as no right to prevent anything
of this kind because of the right of any con-
stituency to send whomsoever they may please?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I sympathize with the
gentleman in the remarks he has made, and
appreciate the force they have. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman -whether he considers
how far the position he takes may affect pop-
ular government or representative govern-
ment, and whether to carry out the idea which
he has been following, and which he has ex-
pressed so forcibly, he would not run counter
to the whole principle of representative gov-
ernment ? I should like to hear him on that,
without expressing any view of my own.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not think-
my theory does run counter to that of popular*
government. It is not that Congress shall
exclude a district from representation. By no
means. It is not that the people shall not be
represented. Not at all. It is this: that the
people of the country have no right to destroy
their own liberties by filling Congress with
men who, from their conduct, show them-
selves capable of the destruction of the Gov-
ernment.
And further, sir, they have a right to-morrow
to elect as their Representative either a Repub-
lican or a Democrat, as tbey please. We have
no right to say that the Representative shall be
of any particular politics, or, as I have said,
of any particular religion. But if a district
shall elect a man such as I have described and
send him here, Congress has a right to say that
he shall not take a seat. Why ? For this rea-
son : that Congress, being the representatives
of the whole people, are entitled to say that the
rights of the whole country shall not be de-
stroyed by one or more districts throwing in
here a man or a set of men capable of their
destruction; and that, having knowledge of the
facts, and the power to prevent the mischief
by exercising the power of exclusion, they have
a right to exercise that power, and thereby to
protect the interests of the country, and to pre-
serve instead of to destroy the right of repre-
sentation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If I am not interrupting
the gentleman in his argument, I should like
to suggest a case to him. Suppose a majority
