526
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 17,
the apportionment, and the apportionment cov-
ered the same time as the enumeration ; and it
is an anomaly in the history of .this matter, it
is exceptional, that at this, day we are asked to
shorten the apportionment, leaving the enum-
eration lengthened out -to ten years, so that
the. one laps over the other. They have here-
tofore proceeded together, the one as fast as
the other. '
This has been done by general consent of all
sections. AH the time since 1790 there has
been the same kind of wonderful growth which
will be exhibited by this census, and which
was exhibited by the census- of 1860.. There
has been no census taken that has not shown
some wonderful and startling instanceof growth
in the western States ; of some new• State that
has. come in and shown a capacity for the future,
as evidenced by increase in the past, that would
soon send her ahead of her sister States upon
the Atlantic. ■
Therank of States, as affected by population,
has been continually changing in the same way
that it will be changed by the census to be taken
in 1870. This argument is by no means now,
and could always have been urged to the same
extent and with the some force as now. Vir-
ginia, which first ranked number one, has fallen
down to the fifth place ; Massachusetts, from
the third place to the seventh; North Carolina,
from the fifth place to the twelfth ; and Con-
necticut, from the eighth to the twenty-sixth;
while, on the other hand, with the western States
the rule has been exemplified in a reversed
direction. Ohio, which-was. unknown as a
populated territory in the old Confederation,
now ranks as number..three in population, or
did in 1860; while Illinois, an unbroken wil-
derness in 1790, and possessing only fifty-five
thousand people in 1820, has passed all her
rivals in the East except New York and Penn-
sylvania, and stood in 1800 fourth in the list.
Where she will stand in 1890 or 1000 would
require a seer whose spirit of prophecy needs
to be stimulated by a vigorous imagination.
Yet, Mr. Speaker,with all this change going
on, and with the West in each census showing
its advance over and above the Bast; showing
at each census that for the previous ten years
it had been inadequately represented so far as
numbers went; that for each preceding decade
it had -a large population unrepresented as
compared with the -numbers in the East, the
census has not been taken upon any shifting
basis or at any uneven or arbitrarily fixed
periods, nor has the apportionment been made
in any different way. Each enumeration has
been allowed ten years, and each apportion-
ment has covered all that the enumeration has
embraced; that is, five Congresses. It is now
proposed to change all this, and to apply the
last apportionment to but four Congresses—the
Thirty-Eighth, Thirty-Ninth, Fortieth, and the
present one. The reasons which are given in
the main are that the increase has been so vast
that at present we have districts in the West
whose populations have been doubled and more
than doubled as compared with corresponding
districts in the East, and that therefore the
change should be made.
Now,.sir, as I have said, that is not new, for
there has never been a time when this same
argument might not have been urged with the
same force as now, and never a decade when it
might not have been urged with the same force
in the middle as the close of the decade. If
an apportionment is to be made or an enumer-
ation takeu at any time when it can be shown
that one section has advanced faster than an-
other, you may be asked to make them every
four years, or even oftener; and the argument
in relation "to the kind of population, the voting
population, as compared with the whole popu-
lation, is not new.
But the plan, Mr. Speaker, that is proposed,
and by which it is sought to override all that
has been done in the past under the Constitu-
tion, seems to have difficulties that would be
insuperable to an ordinary mind. If the West
seeks to take advantage of its greater growth
over the East, and to make an apportionment
for next Congress different from- that which
has prevailed during four Congresses, it makes
the demand too late.' What it should have done
was to have given two years ago the notice,
based on the reason which existed at that time,
the same as now, that the West was" growing
and unrepresented. It should have given the
notice, and have had the enumeration taken in
the way in which it has always been taken, and
allowed the enumeration to be completed) so
that this present Congress, acting under the
direction of the last Congress, would go on and
make the apportionment, and would then give
the West its increase in proportion to its growth,
and to the East its decrease. This course
would not have involved any of the difficulties
that are inevitable under this plan, and which
come up for the reason that the Westhas
delayed moving in this matter up to this time.
But it seems that this crying evil of want of
representation according to the population has
not been felt, and has not been thought enough
about in the "West to secure this movement in'
time. It has only been thought of now antl
urged now, when in the regular course of time,
and after the ordinary lapse, the census is
is about to be taken in the old way. Let us'
look at some of the difficulties; The enumer-
ation under the bill that has already been passed
by this House cannot be made until June. The
elections follow thickly after that. Congress
cannot sit over in order to make the appor-
tionment upon the basis of the enumeration
returns. An' extra session cannot be called,
for that is a stumbling-block with the people,
as it ought to be. What is the first expedient
provided under this plan by which this diffi-
culty may be avoided? The power of appor-
tionment is transferred by this bill to the Sec-
retary of the Interior. Now, I have not the
time nor the ability to discuss the legal point
as to the right of Congress to delegate this
power to the Secretary of the Interior. Older
and better lawyers, before this discussion is
ended, will no "doubt do that. I have only
had my attention called to some of the prac-
tical difficulties that arise under this bill. And
if the practical difficulties of the plan are so
great that it does not appeal to the good sense
of this House, then we do not comc to the
legal difficulty.
The bill of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd,] taken in connection with the bill of
thegentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Pajm]—
and I understand that the gentleman from Illi-
nois in what he has said has practically acknowl-
edged that the bill of the gentleman from Wis-
consin will have to be resorted to in order to
get free from the difficulties that this plan
involves—these two bills taken together pro vide
that the enumeration returns must be completed
and the Secretary must get his aggregate of
population divided by three hundred, the num-
ber of Representatives fixed, and again divide
each State's population by this number, and
certify the result to each State. But in the
mean time, Mr. Speaker, as this will not be
done till late in August, the elections are im-
pending, the elections at which Congressmen
are to be chosen. Vermont elects in August;
Maine in September; the larger States, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and one or two other western
States, in October, and the balance early in
November.
Now, what docs the plan provide as it is
definitively stated in the bill of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine?] How does it
provide for obviating this difficulty? The Sec-
retary must hurry up his certificate, must send
it to each State before these elections, because
it is at these elections that Congressmen are
to be chosen for the Forty-Second Congress.
If this is not done the elections must go on
under the old apportionment.
This plan has not gone to the broad extent of
authorizing the Secretary—it is a wonder that it
has not—to cut and carve in the different States
and redistrict_ them; but it is provided that
where a State gains any representation, accord-
ing to the figuring of the Secretary of the In-
terior, he shall certify that to each of these
States that are holding these elections only a
few'days afterward," And those States'shall
proceed, on a general ticket and elect for the
Forty-Second Congress all the members gained
in' the new apportionment. But here is a
practical difficulty, Mr, Speaker, that legiti-
mately is found in the way. The system iii
every State • of nomination of candidates is
just as firmly fixeduponpractically as our laws
regulating elections.
In each, district where a member is elected
there are at least two candidates nominated by
the opposing parties, and those'dominations are
made long, before, sometimes months before
the day of election. * Now, _ have the gentle-
men who have framed these bills, and who have
resorted to these expedients for getting^ out of
difficulties, and whohaveprovidedforlheelec-
tion of the increased number ofrheaib'ers of
Congress by general ticket,-considered how'the
nominees on general ticket are to be presented
to the people? That certainly is a practical
difficulty. The old districts will take care of
themselves, for their nominations will be made
during the summer and before the Secretary
certifies. But if Illinois is-to gain three mem-
bers, arid Indiana two, and Ohio one, and
Kansas two, how are thoseadditional members
to be nominated? How are they tt> be placed
before the {people? The certificate of the Sec-
retary will be received so late that there will
be no time for any convention to be held—and
it must be" a State convention—in order to
nominate candidates at large.
Some States have already made their nomin-
ations for the fall election. In Indiana, where
if our Democratic friends do not vote to-day
for Andrew Jackson they have some respect
for his memory, their convention was holden
on the 8th day of January, their nominations
made, and they have gone home resolved to
elect their ticket. " It may be said that Con-
gress has nothing to do with caucuses and con-
ventions ; but practically every member knows
that he has to do with caucuses* and conven-
tions, and cannot avoid them.
But, sir, in addition to these gains of mem- .
bers, I think it will be found upon figuring—
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jttdd]
admits it—that certain States will lose. He
stated, I believe, that two States, might lose;
and I think the figuring of.the gentleman frota
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine J shows that."' Now, ex-
pedient number two in this bill, in order to get
out of that difficulty, is that the States which
lose—that Massachusetts, if she loses, and
Rhode Island, if she loses—shall be allowed
the same representation in the Forty-Second
Congress that they have in the Forty-First
Congress, which is in direct contravention of
the principle and the enunciation of the Con-
stitution that representation shall be appor-
tioned according to population. That is a dif-
ficulty which the plan involves, and there is.no
way of egress from it except to provide tins'
expedient number two. All this trouble, all
this crookedness, all this resort to'expedients'
for the purpose of getting out of the corners
and holes that this bill leaves its projectors in,
is simply for tbe purpose of hastening by two
years what is sure to come to tbe West in the
natural course of events. The West seeks here
to array one interest against another, and argu-
ments are brought forward, and must needs be
brought forward upon the other side, tending
to array one section against another, tending
to excite the prejudice of one section against
another, simply to accelerate by two years what
is sure to come to the West.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a feature of this
plan that seeks to render it in some degree
acceptable to the East in the increase that
is given in the number of members frotiJ 'two
hundred and forty-three, as found in the pres-
ent House, to three hundred, as provided by
the bill of the gentleman from Wiscdnsjn,
[Mr. Paine,] and it has been or will be shown
that no eastern State will lose a member of
