1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2788
owners of the quarry to this effect, 'Gentlemen, we
cannot trade with you upon any other terms than
these: we will take that Quarry irom you and give
you nothing for the stone; but we will quarry the
stone and erect that building at our own expense,'
I think the Government would have had the privi-
lege. That would not do for some quarries that are
already developed, but only for anew, undeveloped
quarry.
t "By Mr. Eekry:
"Question. You have stated that, watching1 the
papers for advertisements, you discovered no adver-
tisements for this work ?
"Ansicer. I saw none; and still I might have been
m fault in that respect.
"Question, llow do you reconcile with that factyour
subsequent remark that you thought that all the
trade had been treated with fairness?
"Answer. Because I found that every Boston man
in the trade did seethe advertisement, and did know
\t, and figure for it—I mean as to tho stone for the
foundation. I do not know as to the superstructure.
I do not say anything about the superstructure. I
do not say that the tiade did have a chance to bid
for the superstructure. I do not know that it had.
Mr. Sheldon says to-day that it had not."
It will be borne in mind that this is the wit-
ness relied upon to show the recklessness of
the Government in the Boston contract, and
who, it will be seen on a careful examination
of the testimony, fully indorses the action of
the Government iti the contracts for the gran-
ite work for the New York and Boston build-
ings ; both, as the chairman says, being similar
in terms. Now, Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read the views of the minor-
ity, the keeping out of which has caused so
much unnecessary discussion and delay.
The Clerk read as follows:
The undersigned do not altogether concur in the
report of the majority of the committee, for the fol-
lowingreasons:
First. The testimony elicited by the committee does
not sustain the allegation that money has been ex-
pended in excess of the appropriations for the con-
struction of the post office buildings in New York and
Boston, or in violation of law; or,
Secondly. That the construction of the said build-
ing in New York has been comraencod and is in pro-
gress in an illegal, 01 (in the judgment of the under-
signed) in an unsuitable manner.
Thirdly. No plans ior the building had ever been
approved by Congress.
This embraces all of the allegations upon which the
resolution of the" House ordering the investigation
(as recited in the pieamble of said resolution) was
based, and to tho questions referred by tho House to
their committee for investigation the undersigned
propose to confinc themselves.
The first complaint made by a majority of the
committee is that the supervising architect did not
adopt and execute the plans made by the joint
labors of the architects employed by the commis-
sion. The commission offered a premium for the
plans and a percentage to the architects on the
amount of the cost ot the building. It was, there-
fore, to the interests of the architccts to devise a
building that would be in the end very expensive.
"We find that their plans were for a building to cover
all of the ground owned by the United States; so
that, had it been built according to their plans, it
would have been in the power of the city authori-
ties, at any time, to deprive the entire Park lront
of the building of light and access. The undersigned
therefore concur in the opinion expressed by Mr. A.
T. Stewart and others, as given in the testimony,
that it would have beeu unwise for this reason, if
for no other, to adopt those plans. Precisely this
has been avoided by the supervising architect, llo
set off twenty-five feet, as he asserts in his testi-
mony, by direction of the .Secretary of tho Treasury,
thereby insuring perpetual access, light, and air at
that front of the building. A comparison of the
plans will show that those of the supervising archi-
tect will afford more available spsicc in the post
office, where the most room is required, than those
of the commission.
He also saved to the Government in~thc commis-
sions that would havo been paid under the arrange-
ment with the New York architects, if their plans
had been carried out, as will readily be seen by
refereuco to the terms of the circular issued by the
commission. Five per cent, was to be paid to the
architects on the first $250,000, three per cent, on the
second &250,000, and two per cent, on the balance
expended on the building. For instance, should the
building cost $5,000,000 the commissions would be
10,000, not including the $16,000 paid by the com-
mission forplans. These plansmoneimportant par-
ticular involve an architectural experiment which,
it unsuccessful, would have endangered the stability
of the building. .
All the expenditures on the building have r>een
made under tho superintendency of lion. C. T, Hul-
burd, whose character for integrity and capacity is
well known to this Jlouse.
Complaint is made that a contract for furnishing
all the stone for tho building has been entered into
when no appropriation had been madetor that pur-
pose. The contract itself provides the means by
which the Government can obtain all the stono re-
quiied for the building at a given price from a single
guarry, if the Government shall choose to order it,
and only at such times and in such quantities as may
be ordered, and for tho amount of such orders only
can the Government be held liable. Under the cir-
cumstances we regard this as a very wise provision.
It does not appear that there is any aifforenceof opin-
ion between the contractors and the Government in
regard to the interpretation of the contract, nor werer.
the contractors called by the committee. „
There is no opportunity in this case for an excessive
price for the stone, as in tho case of the contract for
atone for the Charleston custom-house, which is cited,
as no expense is incurred except what is specifically
required by the agent of the Government.
As regards tho fifteen per oent. that the contract
allows the contractor for cutting the stone, it should
be stated that for this percentage he is to furnish all
engines, pumps, derricks, tool-houses, sheds, ma-
chinery, and all other necessary appliances for a
first-class stone-yard. He has further to furnish a
foreman to lay out tho work, and is responsible for
the correctness of the same. It is suggested that
ordinary contractors usually charge at least twenty-
five per cent, profit for such work whore so largo an
outlay is involved in its execution. At the same timo
it is the opinion of the undersigned that in the case
of buildings of this magnitude and cost, it would be
well for the Government to undertake the necessary
outlay, and itself take chargo of the work for which
the contractor receives now fifteen per cent., unless
the present mixed modeof construction bo altogether
abrogated, the law changed, and the system of mak-
ing contracts for the entire building, according to
plans furnished by the Government, be substituted
therefor.
No objection is made to the location or the plans
of the Boston post ofiico. The building is located on
Devonshire street, between Water and Milk streets.
Great credit is duo to the city of Boston for widen-
ing and raising tho streets to accommodate itself to
this location at a cost of about half a million dol-
lars, besides granting to the Government the perpet-
ual use of all the land under the sidewalks on three
streets. It appears that bids were solicited from five
of the principal granite companies in New England,
being all that were found eligible after an examina-
tion of the quarries themselves. Bids were received
from four of them. That of tho Ilockport Granite
Company being the lowest, was accepted. Contracts
were prepared and forwarded to them for execution,
which they declined to execute on the grounds stated
in their rejection. Tho samocontract was offered to
the next lowest bidder, which was the Cape Ann
Granite Company, and accepted by them. By the
terms of the circular the contract was not binding
upon the Government until approved by the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury, and the right was reserved to
that officer to rejectany or all bids if deemed fortho
interest of the Government to do so.
Objections being made by the Ilockport Granite
Company, the Secretary did not approve the contract
with the Capo Ann Granite Company, but set aside
all the bids received under the first circular, and
directed that a. new circular be issued more explicit
in its terms. Under tho second circular three bids
were received, including those of the Ilockport and
Cape Ann companies.
Tho latter wjls doeided by the Department to be
the lowest bidder and the contract was awarded to it.
The bid of the Ilockport Granite Company last re-
ferred to did not, in the opinion of the undersigned,
includ« any proposal lor granite for the superstruc-
ture, although the agent of that company has testi-
fied that it was so intended. A supplementary con-
tract was subsequently entered into with the Cape
Ann Granite Company, under the reservation pre-
viously made, for tho stone and the dressing of the
same for the superstructure. By the terms of this
contract the liability of the Government was limited
to the cost, at the price stated in the contract, of the
stone and labor which it may from time to time
require the contractors to furnish. Under the cir-
cumstanccs the undersigned recommend that, if the
act of July 25,18G6, be not amended as is hereinafter
suggested, the Secretary of the Treasury afford the
Ilockport Granite Company an opportunity to con-
tract for the granite for the superstructure^ at the
price they claim to have bid, and at which their agent
intimates they would still agree to furnish it, namely,
forty-three cents, including breakage and wharfage,
percubic foot.
Comments aro made upon the fifteen per cent,
allowed to the contractors on the cost of dressing the
stone. The remarks in regard to the contract for
stono work for the New York building will apply
here, except that it does not appear that theGovern-
ment had furnished a time-keeper at the quarry prior
to November 25,1869, which we think should have
been done, although the contract was approved
Novembers. No evidence was taken, and none ap-
pears as to who is responsible for this omission; nor,
on the other hand, is there any evidence that the
Government has suffered any lois by it. The evi-
dence of dissatisfied parties, namely, 0. E. Sheldon
and James G. Batterson, shows that these contracts
are highly advantageous to the Government. These
are the only parties known to the undersigned who
complain of these contracts.
The work is progressing satisfactorily under the
superintendence of Gridley J. F. Bryant, esq., of
Boston, an architect of high character and great
experience, and the disbursements are made with-
out expense to the Government by William L. Burt,
esq., postmaster at Boston, a gentleman whose hon-
esty and integrity arc not questioned.
AVhile the undersigned do not approve of the abro-
gation by law of Congress of contracts entered into
by innocent parties in good faith, as thereby great
injustice might be done, they do heartily approve
of the efforts of the Committee on Appropriations
to economize, and to that end do recommend that
in the present case the act of July 25,1868, bo so
amended as that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to make a contract for the completion of
tho buildings in accordance with the designs under
which they are now progressing, the buildings to bo
completed within two years, and at a c#st, exclusive
of the appropriations already made, not to oxcced
$1,500,000 for the post office at Boston *>nd $3,000,000
for the post office at New York, the contractors to
give sufficient security for the completion of tho
work within the specified time and amounts.
GINERY TWIOIIELL.
THOMAS FITCH.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
CORRECTION OF-THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege.
Mr. PAENSWORTII. I believe there is a
question of privilege pending, the motion to
reconsider, on which 1 claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] will be recognized to
reply to his colleague on the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. In the mean
time the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is recognized oil a matter relating to
the correction of the Journal.
Mr.lN GERSOLL. I understand the Speaker
to say that the gentleman from Massachusetts
desires to correct the Journal. I desire to raise
the point of order that it is rather late, per-
haps too late, to do that. I do not know in
what particular the gentleman wants it cor-
rected, but I desire to save the point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear what
the gentleman from Massachusetts desires.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, on referring to the Globe of to-diiy
I find that on the vote on the passage of
the bill to provide for the apportionment of
representation I am recorded as having voted
"yea," while my vote was in the negative. If it
were a matter simply of my own recollection I
might suppose that I had made a mistake and
accidentally voted as I did not intend to. But
gentlemen who were around me called my
attention to my vote and spoke to me about it.
My friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means,
who was interested in the bill, spoke to me at
the time and expressed his regret that I should
have given the vote that I did. I think that
must be fresh in his recollection.
Mr. ALLISON. I remember it very well.
The vote pained me very much, and I turned
to the gentleman and expressed my regret at
the time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts states, and of course his own state-
ment is sufficient without fortifying it by the
recollection of other gentlemen, that his vote
is recorded erroneously on the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill relating to the appor-
tionment of representation. What point of
order does the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ixgersoll] desire to raise?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that it is too late ; that the Journal can-
not be corrected at this timo, for the reason
that if it could be corrected to-day, after the
timefor the reading of the Journal has passed,
it could be corrected to-morrow, or the next
day, or next month, or next year, and conse-
quently we shall never know when we have a
law and when we have no law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state that the moment my attention was called
to this I seized the earliest opportunity to rise
and ask that the correction be made.
The SPEAKER. The rule in regard to
corrections of the Journal is, that unless they
be made immediately after the reading of the
Journal at the Clerk's desk it is too late to raise
any question for correction. It has,^ however,
become the custom not to read the list of yeas
and nays as recorded ujjon the Journal, and it
would evidently be unfair to hold a gentleman
responsible for and bound to abide by a record
which lie has not hoard read.
