1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
and a half, and five per cent, bonds at home
or abroad upon the market: and while you are
attempting that by this process you take from
the banks the bonds that are now placed under
the circumstances to which I have alluded, and
throw them upon the public at six per cent.
Therefore I submit it is not expedient for that
reason.
Then, again, it isinexpedientbecause no mor-
tal man can tell the effect of this upon your
currency. If you disturb this banking system,
and therefore disturb the currency of the coun-
try, of course you endanger the success of this
scheme ; and I submit, therefore, for that rea-
son, it is inexpedient.
It is inexpedient while you are attempting
to place these bonds at a lower rate of interest
to throw hundreds of millions more of bonds
at a high rate of interest on the country. No
one man can tell what the effect of that would
be upon the bonds, and moreover nobody can
tell what the effect of it would be upon the
banks and the banking circulation of the coun-
try, provided it is disturbed in the way I am
anticipating by the withdrawal of the bonds of
the banks.
For these two reasons, thus briefly stated, I
am opposed to this provision of the bill. I
think it has no connection with the bill. I do
not understand that it was proposed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. 1 understand that
it originates with the committee and has not
been commended to us in any way; does not
belong here. And I submit to the Senate that
when it becomes necessary to legislate upon the
banking system the measure proposed should
stand by itself, and we should legislate not with
reference to funding the debt, but we should
legislate with reference to the currency of the
country.
For these reasons I shall vote against this
feature of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Buckingham,] to strike out all of sec-
tion eight after "1864," in the eleventh line.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make another
endeavor to make this section more in har-
mony with what I regard as the first principles
of justice in this business ; in other words, to
bring the banks nearer to that just contribution
which they owe at this moment. I am aware
of the vote of the Senate already on the first
proposition which I had the honor of submit-
ting, which was to require that all the bonds
deposited by the banks should be four per
cents. I am sure, certainly I may say accord-
ing to the best lights that are open to me,
whether of reflection or of information, that a
bond at four per cent, is sufficient; that we
ought to require that of the banks; but the
Senate has thought otherwise, and now I make
another endeavor in the same direction. I
move to strike out on line twenty-eight of sec-
tion eight after the word "further" the whole
clause to the end, and insert:
That not less than two thirds of the bonds depos-
ited by any bank as such security shall be of the
class of bonds hereby authorized, on which the maxi-
mum rate of interest is fixed at four per cent.
The object of that, it will seen, is to require
that at least two thirds of the bonds deposited
shall be four per cents.; whereas under exist-
ing provisions not more than one third shall be
of either of the classes; they are to be distributed
among the three different classes. I would
require two thirds of the four per cents. ; and
in making that proposition it will be seen that
I do little more than press again, in a more
moderate form, the proposition which I offered
some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to strike out the last proviso of section
eight and insert what he has proposed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I listened
with great attention to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maine who just now addressed the
Senate; but I could not help but think that
there was an omission in his remarks that ought
to be supplied, and that is his omission to state
what are the profits of these banks. He seems
to think that if the banks are compelled to take
a four per cent, bond their profits will be so
lessened that they must go out of existence.
Now, sir, what says your Comptroller of the
Currency on this subject ? He says that—
" A bank with $100,000 capital invested in securi-
ties bearing six percent., upon which it has received
$90,000 in circulation, can lend that £90,000 at seven
per cent., and yet realize a profit of twelve and three
tenths per cent, on its capital."
That is $12,300, twelve and three tenths per
cent. That is the profit which your $100,000
bank, loaning money at simply seven per cent.,
and there are few of them that loan under ten,
can realize under this national banking system.
He says further:
* "A private banker lending his capital of $100,000
directly must charge his customer twelve per cent,
to realize the same profit as the banks."
Now I submit that that statement is a con-
clusive answer to what has been said.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to inquire, does that statement
make allowance for taxes and expenses, or not?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the fact in regard
to the banks, as appears 
Mr. CONKLING. Is the statement net or
gross ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am now speaking of
the statement made by the Comptroller of the
Currency here, which is just precisely what I
have read.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to know whether
it is net or gross.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is able to
make the calculation for himself. I am much
obliged to the Senator for his question, and I
will answer it. Supposing the bank does no
further business than loaning$90,000 of notes,
; it makes this profit; but the bank does other
business ; the bank receives deposits and loans
those deposits ; the bank loans its own capital,
; which is $100,000 that it has paid in, and re-
ceives profit on that. The stockholders would j
have to pay the taxes upon their property if
they did not go into banking. The private
banker has to do it. The private banker has
to pay taxes on his business and on his property
just as a private individual does; and this
property that these bankers pay taxes upon
they would be taxed upon if they were not
banking at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I asked the Senator a
question which I did not make understood, I
perceive. It is a simple matter of fact. The
Senator reads a statement from the Comp-
troller of the Currency. I ask him again
whether that statement is of gross profits, or
whether the statement deducts the twenty-five
per cent, compelled to be held as a reserve—
the expenses, such as rents, salaries of officers,
and insurance, &c., and the other diminutions
which I mentioned to him before ?
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I will answer that.
I read what the Comptroller of the Currency
says. The Senator can make the calculation
himself whether the Comptroller means simply
that $90,000 of notes loaned, and so much of
the capital loaned as the bank was not com-
pelled to keep as a reserve, would produce that.
That is a matter of calculation which the Sena-
tor can work out as well as I can. But to come to
the actual fact, the reports of these banks show
that according to their own statements their
net profits, after paying taxes and salaries and
everything, are ten and a quarter per cent.
There are many of them that make a great deal
more than that; but taking the whole of them,
the average is ten and a quarter per cent, net
profit, after paying every possible form of ex-
psnse, including taxes ; and yet forsooth they
cannot live if they have to take a four per cent,
bond!
It is true they do make a profit, and most
illegitimately, as was said by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] the other day. I know
how it is in my own State. They were re-
stricted to six per cent, there ; they could not
lawfully loan at more than six per cent.; and
yet you could not borrow a dollar from them
under ten per cent. Now, under the law of
Ohio they can get eight per cent. ; and yet I
venture to say that not one dollar out of ten
is loaned there at less than ten per cent, by
the national banks, and it will never be as
long as your law stands as it is ; for your cur-
rency law does not forfeit the debt for usury,
it only forfeits the interest; and it is a ques-
tion whether it forfeits anything more than the
excess of interest. Until you forfeit the debt
by a usury law these banks will set your re-
strictions iu reference to iuterest at utter defi-
ance. They can well afford to lose now and
! then a little interest upon a loan if they can
bleed ninety-nine customers out of every hun-
dred to whom they loan money with usury. Jt
does not make a drop in the bucket of their
profit. Just so long as you allow your bank-
ing act to stand as it is, without any forfeiture
of the debt for usury, just so long will they
continue to loan at usurious rates of interest.
Ay, sir, as high as twelve per cent., as the
national banks iu Cincinnati do. and as is
known to every business man. They will not
make profits legitimately; they can make
' profits if you compel them to take a four per
' cent, bond, and make greater profits than any
private man can by lending money at the legal
rate of interest; and therefore it is quite out
of the question to talk about their not being
able to live if they are compelled to substi-
tute four per cent, bonds for their six per cents.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. Can he inform me how
he obtains that information in regard to the
profits made by the banks being ten per cent,
on the average, as he says?
Mr. THURMAN. It has been compiled
again and again. If the Senator will take the
Comptroller's reports he can make the com-
putation for himself.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator had been
in his seat perhaps he would have heard me
state that the State banks when they went into
the national bankingbusinees took all their accu-
mulated capital, and it is now held as accumu-
lated capital. That, however, does not appear
as their stock; it is not counted as a portion of
their capital stock; but it is a large amount of
earnings for a series of years, and those earnings
1 enter into the dividends and profits. Now, I
venture to say in Ohio, in the country districts,
even charging eight per cent, interest per an-
num, the banks do not make a dividend of
over four per cent., and perhaps not over three
and a half on the average ; certainly not. over
four per cent. In cities like New York and
Boston the banks make fifteen or twenty per
cent, from the large accumulations of capital
in those cities, but in the country the banks
do not. What I say is that when you substi-
tute bonds with this low rate of interest as the
bank basis you compel all the country banks
in Ohio to close up, and all in New York State,
where the interest is only seven per cent., and
every other State where it is only six or seven
per cent, per annum. They cannot live. The
stockholders can do better with their capital.
Mr. THURMAN. Everybody knows that
if a back is at a place where it receives large
deposits it makes more profits than if it is at
a cross-roads where it gets no deposits at all;
and that is the answer to the Senator's remark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word in reply to the Senator from Ohio,
who declares that my argument was at fault
because I did not refer to the dividends of the
banks. I could not well have done so without
going entirely without the line of argument
that I had adopted for myself. I was not argu-
ing the cause of the banks my honorable friend
from Ohio will bear in mind. 1 was speaking
in the interest of the Government entirely, in
the interest of the loan. I was undertaking
