2784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. JUDD. The yeas and,nays were read
yesterday in the hearing of the House.
The SPEAKER. ■ But they we'tfe not read
this morning as a part of the J"ournal; nor is
it the custom for the Clerk to.xead that part,
of the record. • ..... -i
'Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I voted in the
affirmative upon, the passage of the apportion-
ment bill, andmy name isnot recorded as voting
at all. , I ask that the Journal be corrected
accordingly. ,
The SPEAKER. These corrections of the
Journal will be made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In both cases ?
The SPEAKER. In both cases.
Mr. PAINE. , Will that change the result
of the vote ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. ' the vote as
erroneously recorded, was yeas 8G, nays 84.
As corrected the vote is yeas 86, nays 85. In
either case the bill is passed.
order of business.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a privileged
question, and ask to have taken up for present
consideration the report of the Committee of
Elections in the election case of J. H. Sypher,
from the State of Louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
interrupt another privileged question now be-
fore the House, the consideration of which
was interrupted for a few moments by a cor-
rection of the Journal.' The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswortii] is entitled 'to the
floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the gentleman
yield to me to have a bill referred and printed ?
_ Mr. PARNSWORTH. If it will take no
time.
mississippi and lake michigan,
Mr. WILKINSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1826) for the im-
provement of water communication between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan by
way of the Wisconsin and Fox rivers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed. . . .. ;
new york and boston post oitices.
The House again resumed the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House ordered to be printed the report of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads in regard to the construction of the new
post office buildings in the cities of New York
and Boston.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr? Farnsworth] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was very much
surprised, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. TWICHELL. I rise to object, unless
I can have an opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER. To what does the gentle-
man object?
Mr. TWICHELL. I objeet to going any
further into this ease, unless both sides can be
heard.
The SPEAKER. The subject is open to
debate. Tlie gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Twichell] has had his hour. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsw.ortii] is now
entitled lo the floor for one hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was very much
surprised at the course of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Twiohbll,] a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, in attacking the action of the committee
as he has done. He seems to have directed
his attack more directly toward the clerk of
the committee, making the committee rather a
minor party of the affair.
I will not attempt to follow the gentleman in
all his wild and rambling statements. The
gentleman complains that the report which has
been submitted here is not the report of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I desire to state to .the House precisely how
that is. At the time tlie qommittee was in-
structed to make this investigation it consisted
of' nine members—the six members who signed
this report, the-gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Hill,] the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Twiohbll,] and the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.] Of these nine members
eight took part in this investigation. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] was not
present, and did not take any part in conduct-
ing the Investigation. But as the volume of
printed testimony will show, every other mem-
ber of the committee I have named took part
in the investigation, and propounded questions
to witnesses, and are upon the record.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. hill]
thought he did not kn ow enough about the case
to act upon it as intelligently as he ought to do
if called upon to sign the report, and therefore
he declined to sign it. But I understood that
he consented that the report might be made,
although he did not himself sign it.
After the committee had visited New York
and Boston, and taken testimony in both places,
which fhey did during the Christmas holidays,
two members of the committee, the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Adams] and the gentle-
man from'Oregon, [Mr. Smith,] wereappointed
upon othercomnaittees, arid the gentleman from
New York [Mr.: Fox] and the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Trimble J were appointed on the
Post Office Committee in place of those two
gentlemen who the Chair stated had resigned,
though it nowhere appears, I believe, that the
House ever excused'these two gentlemen from
serving on the committee. There was also
added to the committee the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Tan Wyck.] Now, on mak-
ing the report, it seemed to mo, as it did to the
pther members of the committee acting with
me, that those members of the committee who
had tak^n part in the investigation from the out-
set were those who ought to make the report,
and with that view Mr. Thimble and the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]—Mr.
Fox not having been present at all—did not
take part in making the report and did not
sign the report, because they had not been with
the committee in making the investigation. I
believe they concurred in this idea, that the gen-
tlemen engaged in making the investigation
from its commencement should complete it
rather than that the new members should take
part in it. •
The' gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twiohbll] has said many things which he
ought not to have said about what took place
in the committee-room, owing to his unfamiliar-
ity with the rules and parliamentary propriety.
When he says that the report was not consid-
ered in the committee, however, he states what
is not true, and for making that statement I can
find no excuse for him. The report was con-
sidered in the committee, line by line and sen-
tence by sentence.. I appeal to every member
of that committee on the floor of the House if
I am not right. At those meetings of the com-
mittee the gentleman from Massachusetts occu-
pied at least three fourths of the time in dis-
cussion, until it became so annoying and so
troublesome to get anything done that the
committee despaired of ever getting through
because of his eternal talk. They concluded
that the only way to make a report was to write
it out and sign it. That is the secret of the
action of the committee : and what I have
stated cannot be gainsaid.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as regards Mr. Mullet,
up to the time when this investigation com-
menced I did not even know him by sight. I
had seen his name as architect of the Treasury,
and that was about all I knew of him. On the
examination of Mr. Mullet, he testified sub-
stantially—I will not repeat his precise words—
that he consulted the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts about the Boston post office before he
made the plans for the contract, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has been exceed-
ingly sensitive about the matter ever since. It
was he who was consulted. No member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads knew anything about the inside of these
contracts except the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. The other members were all in the
dark about it. After we made our investiga-
tions in New York and Boston, we found that
Mr. Mullet had slurred over some matters, and
that facts had been studiously kept from the
knowledge of the majority of the committee.
Material facts were brought to our knowledge
by an other gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ames,] who showed the members of the com-
mittee letters from distinguished citizens of
Boston, charging that there were fraud and cor-
ruption in the granite contract, which the com-
mittee had not before been apprised of. Under
these circumstances, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, we would have been derelict in our duty
if we had not sent for Mr. John Gardner and
given him an opportunity to testify what he
knew about it, that we might report the facts
to the House. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts complained of that. He says I sent for
Mr. Gardner without his knowledge. Well, I
think that is true. I think it is probably true
that Mr. Gardner was sent for without the gen-
tleman's knowledge; not, however, without
the knowledge of some other members of the
committee. I dislike to state why we acted
without consulting him, but perhaps I ought
here lo answer, the criticism which the gentle-
man makes onsour action in not exhibiting the
testimony to his friends from Boston.
The gentleman does not complain that the
testimony was not exhibited to him, for the
testimony was always shown to any member
of the committee who desired to see it, but
because it was not exhibited to General Burt
and other men whom he brought to the com-
mittee-room to see it. Now, it is strange what
coincidences have occurred in this matter. At
the outset of the investigation a letter was
received by a member of the committee from
Hartford, stating that there was fraud in this
contract. The gentleman from Massachusetts
took a copy of that letter. The committee
went on to Boston after making their investi-
gation in New York. Before we could sub-
pena the Hartford man before the committee
Mr. Mullet was in Hartford in consultation
with him about building a Government build-
ing there. That is one of the coincidences.
Another fact appeared from Mr. Mullet's
own testimony. When he was examined be-
fore the committee the last time, in accordance
with the wish of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Mullet admitted that he had been
shown not only his own testimony, but that of
all the other witnesses in this case, and had
been lugging it around, night after night, ex-
hibiting it to the reporters of the press and
consulting them about it.
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield.
Mr. TWICHELL. When the gentleman
misrepresents the facts I think he ought to
yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will j'ield for an
interrogatory, not for a speech.
Mr. TWICHELL. I will put an interroga-
tor Did the gentleman put a copy of the
testimony out of his hands before we made a
report on the 26th of March, and did he deny
that he had done so?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No.
Mr. TWICHELL. Dpes not the gentleman
know that I did not allow the testimony to go
out of my hands until after the 26th of March ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, nothing
which transpired in the committee was allowed
to go to the newspapers or anywhere else before
the making of the report by me. No facrs
which haye been circulated in reference to this
investigation had been obtained from me be-
fore the committee agreed on their report.
Mr. TWICHELL. Will the gentleman at
this point allow me one word in reply?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield. Now,
Mr. Speaker, why should the gentleman from
