4672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
not think would be very tasteful and proper
and palatable to me; that is all. It is an asso-
ciation I do not want. If they want it they can
take, sit with him, talk with him, vote with
him, and do what they are amind to withhim;
it is no difference to me. It is a mere ques-
tion of taste anyhow, as to a man's associa-
tions ; that is all.
I donot wish to take up the time of the
House in reading authorities upon this subject;
but if gentlemen will examine the precedents,
including the case of Wilkes, they will find
that there have been in numerous cases de-
cisions, even by the courts of England, sus-
taining precisely the position I have taken.
I wish the House to observe the distinction
that I make between the case of Mr. Whitte-
more and that of other men who tnay have been
excluded from Congress, either by resignation
or otherwise. This case differs essentially
from all others save that of Matteson. The
latter is the only other case in which there was
infamy connected with the act—in which the
offense of the party was an infamous crime
under the laws of the United States. The case
of Mr. Whittemore and that of Mr. Matteson
are not precisely parallel, because Matteson
presented himself for readmission at another
Congress, while this man comes back to the
same Congress. There is the difference.
I do not presume to be the censor of the
morals of this House ; I do not undertake to
dictate to any member what he shall do. Bach
man must decide this question for himself. I
happened to be the chairman of the committee
that investigated the ease of Mr. Whittemore ;
1 happened to take partin the discussion which
ended in his expulsion, or rather his resigna-
tion to avoid expulsion ; and when the creden-
tials of his reelection were presented here the
other day I deemed it my duty to give to the
House the reasons why, in my judgment, he
should not be admitted to a seat. Having
explained this morning those reasons more
fully, I am content to leave the case to the
decision of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to annoy
the gentleman by my interruptions, nor do I
wish to antagonize him, for in many of the
views which he has expressed I most heartily
concur. I think, however, that this is one of
the most important questions presented to the
House during my experience here. It involves
the question of the right of representation—a
very high and important question. For the
purpose of ascertaining more clearly the gen-
tleman's views on this important question, I
wish to put to him another inquiry. Suppose
that the community or constituency who have
reelected Mr. Whittemore claim the right to
be represented iu this House by such a char-
acter as those who are more censorious would
claim that Mr. Whittemore is; suppose that
they have received, as Be states they have, the
benefit of the bribe which he is alleged to have
received; suppose that for this reason they
have chosen to send him here and demand that
he shall be received as their Representative.
Now, as this is a representative Government,
in which all classes are entitled to representa-
tion, may we not, by adopting the views which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Locajt] has
expressed, trench upon the right of representa-
tion? This is an inquiry which I would like
the gentleman to answer.
Mr. LOGAN. I think I can give the
gentleman a very apt illustration of his posi-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I take no position; I
have simply put an inquiry.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I will answer it.
The Constitution of the United States does
not., I believe, define what kind of person shall
be admitted as a Representative in Congress,
except so far as it prescribes the qualifications
of age, residence, citizenship, &c. Now, sir,
suppose a constituency should take it into their
heads to elect, we will say, a colored man as
their Representative. How would the gentle-
man keep him out?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot see it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose, when there was no
law on the subject, a black man had been
elected by a certain constituency as a Repre-
sentative ; how would the gentleman, on his
theory, have kept him out?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not express any
theory about the matter. I have simply sug-
gested an inquiry, presenting an important
question which has come before my mind as
needing to be considered in connection with
this subject. Allow me, however, to suggest to
the gentleman that before the black man had
been by law made a citizen the fact of want
of citizenship might have been a reason for
excluding such a person if sent here as a Rep-
resentative. So that the question just suggested
by the gentleman is, as I take it, not involved
in the inquiry which I have very candidly put
to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the black man had
been declared by law to bo a citizen it was
always a question whether he was so or not,
some persons contending that he was and
others that he was not; but if the theory of the
right of representation as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin be correct, then a con-
stituency would have had the right to elect such
a man and demand his admission. But we said
they had not the right until we had provided
for the exercise of that right. Suppose they
were to elect a man disqualified by law and he
comes here. We say, "You have no right to
elect that man, because he is disqualified.''
But they have elected a man here who has dis-
qualified himself before this Congress by virtue
of the statute, and all that remains to make
that man infamous under the law is the judg-
ment of a court. He is infamous in the eyes
of Congress. Why? Because he has perpe-
trated an infamous crime. He is infamous in
the eyes of Congress and in the eyes of the
world. All that it lacks is the judgment of a
court; but Congress cannot leave it to a court
to judge for them who is and who is not infa-
mous so far as holding a seat here is concerned,
or the exclusion from holding a seat in this
Hall.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The presumption of our
law is that every man is innocent until he is
convicted, and it requires precisely the ju3g-
ment of a court to make him infamous under
that presumption of the law.
And let me suggest further that the same
Committee on Military Affairs reported a sim-
ilar resolution in reference to the gentleman
from Tennessee that was reported in reference
to Mr. Whittemore. The committee said he
was guilty of the same offense for which Mr.
Whittemore was expelled. In the case of the
gentleman from Tennessee the House was un-
able, by a constitutional and legal voto, to
declare that he was not entitled to a seat i 
this House. He still sits in this House. Is
his case any different from that of Mr. Whitte-
more? In one case, as in the other, precisely
the same offense was charged, a9d in one case,
as in the other, the same report was made.
In what does the one case differ from the
other ?
Mr. LOGAN. I am much astonished, really,
at the line of argument taken by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not take any line of
argument, but merely suggest these as troubles
in the way of arriving at a correct decision.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see where the trouble
exists, unless the gentleman desires to be
troubled. He says that the gentleman from
Tennessee, now sitting upon this floor, was
guilty of the same offense as Mr. Whittemore.
The gentleman must know that it requires two
thirds to expel a member. His expulsion was
reported in favor of, but the two-thirds vote
necessary for expulsion was not obtained in
the House. The gentleman must not forget,
however, that we passed a vote of censure on
Mr. Butler, of Tennessee. There stands the
judgment of the House. The House did not
exercise its power, and why? Because there
were not votes -enough for expulsion. ' The
difference between the two cases is this: this
man Whittemore exercised the power himself;
he admitted the fact himself that the House
would expel him by resigning his seat. He
resigned to avoid expulsion. The judgment
of the House has been taken upon him, not
directly by a vote of the House, but by his
admission in sending in his resignation. He
resigned to get rid of expulsion, and he stands
to-day in the attitude of a man expelled by
Congress. He stands in a different position
from the other gentleman referred to. There
is a wide difference in the two cases. I did
not intend to refer to the other case, and
would not have done so, if it had not been for
the allusion of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
If this Congress are to admit a man who has
been convicted for having made barter and
sale of his influence and authority ; if we are
to admit a man against whom the judgment of
the House has been decided for having com-
mitted a criminal offense, then all I have to say
is this: we shall hereafter not be justified in
expelling any man, no matter what his offense
may be. We would not be justified in expel-
ling any man for stealing, or for robbery, or
murder, or any other crime which is considered
as rendering a man infamous. What virtue is
there in expelling him when he may come back
here and be admitted again to a seat? To
expel him would be a mere farcical proceeding.
It would be merely saying to the world that
while we pretend to be honest and expel a man
for the commission of a criminal offense, we
will allow him to come back here and take his
seat. One day we tell the country to look
upon us as honest men for having expelled
Whittemore, while next day we admit him to
a seat, notwithstanding the offense he has com-
mitted. If you admit this man back here it
will show that you are a weak-kueed, cowardly
set of men. It is a question of nerve, that is
all. Any man who will vote to admit him lacks
nerve to do what he ought.
Gentlemen around me say they are afraid
they will do a little wrong if this man is not
admitted. In contested elections I have never
seen any repugnance on the part of the Dem-
ocrats, when they had power, to turn out Re-
publicans and to admit Democrats. And,
while we have the majority, I believe we do
not claim to be particularly conscientious on
that subject ourselves. It is the fact. Every-
body knows it. If the merits of a case were
about equally balanced, and we had a Dem-
ocrat and a Republican here seeking a seat,
is there any doubt how the two sides of the
House would voto? Would not each side vote
for its own friend? I do not say that that
is right, but am simply stating the fact. You
have no scruples about expelling a man under
such circumstances, because he does not belong
to your party. But you have scruples about
expelling a man who comes here covered with
infamy and disgrace, and whosepresence would
be calculated to pollute the House; you will
not do that because of conscientious scruples!
I ask the House, then, is it your desire to
admit this man here? I have shown, as I be-
lieve, that you have the power and the author-
ity to exclude him, and ihat a just regard to
the great interests of the people, and every-
thing that inspires men to act strictly, con-
scientiously, and according to law, requires
you to take that course. I now submit the case
to you, that you may dispose of it, as, under
all the circumstances, you may judge to be
bef-t. I move the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope my colleague
will not call the previous question on this
matter now.
Several Members. Oh, no.
