5616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. DAWES. That is substantially correct.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Substantially correct,
tlio gentleman says. Now, no man on this
floor can successfully refute what I have said,
that the contracts alluded to in the report of the
Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads
were made in direct violation of the statute of
'lie United States ; and the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations fMr. Dawes]
knows it; the Secretary of the Treasury knows
it; every lawyer of the land knows it. And
now it is solemnly proposed that we shall au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to con-
tinue and to pay upon contracts which were
made in this direct violation of the statutes
of the United States, and which subject any
officer making such contracts to be proceeded
against by indictment as for a misdemeanor.
But, sir, that is not all. Those contracts to
which I allude in both instances were not made
with the lowest bidders: they were made with-
out advertisement; they were made secretly
and slyly. In the case of the post office building
in Boston, the first contract purports to have
been made with the Cape Ann Granite Com-
pany, when there was no such company in
existence. According to the testimony of the
men who signed that contract, which testimony
I have here at my desk, there was no such
company in existence when that contract was
made. Contracts were made for the entire
granite of both those buildings and its entire
cutting, amounting to millions of dollars, at a
time when only $200,000 had been appropri-
ated for the purpose of laying the foundation
of the building. These contracts thus made
by a subordinate of the Treasury Department,
and approved by Secretary Boutwell, I desire
the House and the country to understand; and
I wish Secretary Boutv/ell to understand that
the country will hold him to strict accounta-
bility for the manner in which he disburses the
public moneys intrusted to his care: and that
if he is disposed to shirk the responsibility, to
throw it upon an irresponsible subordinate in
his office and allow him to expend according
to his uncurbed discretion millions upon mil-
lions of the Government funds, the country
will hold the Secretary responsible therefor.
And I desire to say also that I think the coun-
try will hold this committee'responsible for
their action in relinquishing the control which
the Government should have upon the man-
ner in which its funds are to be disbursed.
Why, sir, 1 saw this thing coming several
days ago, when in live papers of the city of
New York there appeared on the same day
similar editorials, or what appeared to be
editorials, but evidently the product of one
brain, calling the action of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of this House
a "job." A "job" of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, when the mem-
bers of that committee have no friends or rela-
tives connected with this matter; when no-
body that they personally know is connected
with it; when they have never recommended
anybody for anything in connection with it ;
when the evidence taken by lhat committee
shows who are in the "job," and who got up
these contracts. It was not the members of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, but some other members on this floor,
who advised distillers and irresponsible parties
in Boston, who were never m the granite busi-
ness, to buy a granite quarry suddenly upon
the passage of this appropriation a year ago
last spring; and that was followed by the pur-
chase of granite quarries within a stone's throw
of the members' residence ; and that was fol-
lowed by a contract prepared to be made with
tho Cape Ann Granite Company before any
such company was actually in existence.
Another contract,as to the New York building
was made with relatives of members upon the
floor of this House, anu made to the extent of
millions for the granite and the cutting ot that
building in New York; and this when we had
appropriated but ยง200,000 lor the foundation.
Of course the moment the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads made these invest-
igations they were set upon for the purpose of
obviating the effect of their reports; theSe
slanders and lying stories were put afloat to
produce the impression that the committee had
some sinister design in the matter.
Following the publication of those five news-
paper articles the other day there came upon
this floor the man who is superintending the
erection ofthe building in New York, who him-
self is receiving sixteen dollars a day, and his
son some eight or ten dollars. This man,
together with the architect of the Treasury,
came upon this floor lobbying and button-
holing the members of this House to procure
the removal of the restriction in the act of last
April, representing that if we did not remove
that restriction great damage to the Govern-
ment would in some way result. What damage
to the Government could result from that re-
striction? Why should there not be competi-
tive bids and a fair chance for every man hav-
ing granite to sell or desiring to cut granite to
obtain such work?
I am glad the committee have not gone so
far as to remove, in terms, the restriction upon
the cost of the building; but it will come to
that at the next session, for if you remove the
restriction upon the contracts that were thus
made unlawfully and in violation of penal stat-
utes, what follows? When the $3,000,000
already fixed as the limit is consumed in those
granite contracts, before anything has been
done in the way of finishing the building or pat-
ting it under roof, the next step will be to come
to Congress and say, "We have gone to the
limit of $3,000,000 already fixed, and now we
want two or three millions.more to finish the
building." So it will be also with the building
at Boston.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois how much time he wishes
to occupy?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. \ do not intend to
occupy much more time; but it does seem to
me, iu the matter of the expenditure of from
three to six million dollars on a public build-
ing, it is of enough consequence to give a little
attention to it, even in the last hours of the
session.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has accused the supervising architect of
being on the floor lobbying. When he was on
the floor this morning he was here on my in-
vitation in reference to a matter in which my
constituents are interested. The geutleman
having made the accusation, I thought it just
to say that much in behalf of the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not in the
line of my argument. Whatever gentlemen
may say, we all know he was here button-
l holing and lobbying members.
Mr. Sneaker, I am reminded by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Cobobn] who sits
before me that those from New York who are
effecting tho removal of restrictions are those
who say that no building can be built for
$3,000,000, and that we must take off all other
restrictions, so as to give them uncurbed dis-
cretion to expend as much money as this man
pleases. I do not expect to effect anything.
I have no idea in the last expiring hours of the
session, in the hurly-burly, in the anxiety to
get through and go home, any member will
give any attention to this.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goriiau, itsSecretary. notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the amendment
ofthe House of Representatives to the bill of
the Senate No. 290, to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue.
Tho message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles:
A bill (II. 11. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Idaho, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2351) for the relief of
Yassar College;
A bill (H. R. No. 363) to confirm the title
to certain lands in Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of
Jearum Atkins;
A bill (H. R. No. 1898) to provide for in-
ventories and accounts of property of the
United States in the public buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for re-
ports of the receipts and expenditures of the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. K. No. 3224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land and the build-
ing thereon erected, known as the Old Indian
Dormitory, in the village of Mackinaw, Mich-
igan ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 234) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said reso-
lution; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 370) author-
izing the donation of certain property of the
United States in the city of Galveston, State
of Texas, to said city.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation, in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river upon.
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas
An act (H. R. No. 2090) to annul a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 23595 to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing
a railroad therein;
An act (H. R. No. 2370) to establish certain
post routes ;*
An act (H. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 31, 1868 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) to con-
strue the act of March 31, 1868.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to suggest the pro-
priety of taking up the bills which have just
come in from the Senate and disposing of
them as we did of the other bills on the Speak-
er's table in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit
that question as soon as this conference report
is disposed of.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have nearly fin-
ished the remarks which I desired to address
to the House. I do not expect to effect any-
thing by these remarks. I do not suppose if
one were to rise from the dead, or if an angel
were to appear from heaven, that such an ap-
pearance would affect the House, or that the
House would give it much attention. But it
is, nevertheless, the truth that these contracts
are fraudulent, made in violation of law, and
made for higher prices than those for which
other parties offered to do the work. The
Rockport Company, a large and wealthy com-
pany, with all necessary appliances at their
