528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January Vf\
payment of. invalid pensions*
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to report a bill from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions- in regard to
the manner of paying pensions, and I will say
to the gentleman from Kansas that it is not my
purpose to have the measure considered at this
time. If there be objection, I shall move to
suspend the rules. Members will permit me
to say that unless we can pass this bill within
a few days it will not apply to the next semi-
annualpayment of pensions.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
Mr. CLARKE. I cannot yield the floor to
the gentleman if his proposition takes up much
time. If the yeas and nays are not to be called
I will yield to the gentleman from Missouri;
but on no other condition,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If it be the design of
the gentleman from Missouri to allow discus-
sion on this bill I will not insist on my objec-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My design is to make
the report previous to the adjournment, so that
it may go over for consideration till to-morrow.
I do not propose to cut off discussion, but to
allow the gentleman and others a reasonable
time to be heard on the question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In that view of the case
I withdraw my objection.
Mr. CREBS. I renew the objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of allowing me to submit
the report I have indicated from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CREBS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CLARKE. Inasmuch as the regular
order of business has been called for it is out
of my power to yield to the gentleman from
Missouri for the purpose of moving to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is Monday,- and
the gentleman can yield to me for the purpose
of moving to suspend the rules.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that no motion to suspend the rules can be
made while another bill is pending before the
House. The gentleman from Kansas has the
floor and will proceed with his speech.
message from the senate,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the House of
the following titles, without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 238) relating to retired
officers of the Army; and
An act (H. R. No. 790) repealing so much
of the act of August 8, 1840, as declared the
Des Moines river, inlthe then Territory of Iowa,
a public highway.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 383) to renew
and continue in force the charter of the Po-
tomac Insurance Company of Georgetown,
District of Columbia; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
apportionment of representation.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, the motion
submitted by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
J tod] is one of the most important that could
possibly occupy the attention of this body.
j j* ? introduced merely gives force
and effect to the provisions of the Constitution
which fully guaranties the sacred right of equal
representation upon this floor of every Ameri-
can: citizen within the borders of the Republic.
I shall support it not only as a high constitu-
tional duty, but as a measure of right and
justice to the people and of sound public policy.
In the limited debate upon the census bill I
was unable to give as fully as I desired the rea-
sons why a new apportionment should be made
before the election of the Forty-Second Con-
gress. I speak now, sir, not only for myself,
but for a constituency of nearly half a million,
and for a State more rapidly developing in all
the elements of wealth and power than ■ any
other State of the Federal Union.
This bill is of vital importance to the people
of Kansas; bat not more so to them: than to
many millions of the people of this country.
Here m this Hall more than in any other branch
of this Government the voice of- the people is
more directly expressed through their Repre-
sentatives and the public judgment more cor-
rectly prohoanced. Here it is that the repub-
lican theory of our system is best exemplified
and its abuses most quickly corrected.. This
House, in the manner of its election and organ-
ization and in its direct responsibility to the peo-
ple once in two years, has none of the elements
of the aristocratic body which sits at the other
end of this Capitol, far removed from the peo-
ple, and whose members are answerable only to
States of unequal population and power. It
has been said by one of the historians of the
representative system of England ."that great
principle of the constitution cannot be too often
nor too deeply impressed, that the privileges of
the House of Commons are the rights of the
jjeople not less than their very lands and goods.
So under our theory and form of government
the voice of this House should always reflect
the sentiments of those whose agents we are,
and our action here should always express the
aggregate public judgment of the whole body
ot the people. A member of the United States
House of Representatives is only the servant of
his constituents,'and his highest loyalty should
be to them and to the Constitution under which
we live. If there be a member of this body who
conceives that he has a single right superior to
the humblest of his constituents, then he con-
travenes in his personal opinions the very theory
of our Government, and has no business here.
And, sir, so far as we exercise the power now
vested in us to deny to the ten million people
m this country the right of representation in
this body which has accrued to them by the
events of the war and the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments to the Constitution and by
the Constitution itself, so far we usurp a power
which does not belong to us and trample upon
the most vital principles of our republican sys-
tem. We can misuse our power in the Con-
gress of to-day, but not so in the Congress of
to-morrow.
Lord Bacon once said to the Earl of Mid-
dlesex, " between jest and earnest, that he
would recommend to his Lordship, and in him
to all other great officers of the Crown, one con-
siderable rule to be carefully observed, which
was to remember a Parliament will come I" Sir,
in this country we find a more potent warning
than this in the spirit of the Constitution,
which unmistakably bids us take note of the
rights of these unrepresented millions. It was
said the other day by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair,] who sits
m front of me, that the population of the
country is continually changing, and that in-
equalities in representation will always exist.
This is true to some extent, but not for the
reasons which are potent at this moment. The
progress of our population and civilization
westward and other causes make the numer-
ical basis of representation unequal as our
established decades run on. But this is un-
avoidable. The condition of things which
makes it the duty of Congress to provide for
a reapportionment now, grows out of the con-
stitutional amendments to which I have re-
ferred. The people have seen fit, in the in-
terest of human rights, to change their own
Constitution, and they now demand the benefits
of that change in the exercise of the increased
representative power guarantied to them ; and
I assert, with all due deference to the judgment
of this House, that we have no constitutional
or moral right to refuse the demand. If it be
said that the Constitution will be violated by
the action we propose, I answer by the language
of the instrument itself:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be ap-
fnMnSoS A1® seTvTe?al States which may be
included withm this Union according to their
respective numbers." * * * * *
"Ihe actual enumeration shall,be made within
three years after the first meeting of the Congress of
the United States, and within. every subsequent term
of ten years, in such manner as they shaH bylaw
direct." ,
It will be seen by this the requirement-knot
that the enumeration shali beinade at the com-
mencement, at any particular period within,
or at the end-of the aecadfeof ten years. -It is
not possible" to put thisconstruction upon it.
It is simjoly an absolute requirement that the
enumeration shall be' made within the-term,
and all else is left to the wisdom, and discretion
of Congress. I have examined with care Mr.'
Madison's reports of the debates in the Federal
Convention, and I find that all the propositions
and resolutions ofthat body only contemplated
that the enumeration should be made "vrithin
the term of every ten years.'' This is the lan -
guage uniformly used in all the proceedings of
the Convention which filmed the Constitution.
But, sir, it may be said that the usage, of
Congress has been to make the'apportionment
at regular intervals of ten years, and that it is
unsafe and irregular to depart from the prece-
dent that has been thus established. The
answer to this I have already given in alluding
to the changed condition of the country by the
events of the late civil war and the constitu-
tional amendments. I answer further, that it
is neve? unsafe m legislation to be just to the
people, to do right, and to obey the letter and
spirit of the Constitution. -
The statement which has been made upori
this floor .that from six to ten million peoplfi
have been added to the basis of our repre-
sentative population by changes in our organie
laws, both national and' State, and by other
causes, has not been, and cannot be, suc-
cessfully denied. That the present appor-
tionment is notoriously inapplicable to the
location of this increased population is also
undeniably true. That it is the duty of Con-
gress to harmonize these great inequalities, if
their existence be acknowledged, may be de-
nied, it is true, for the sake of retaining tem-
porary power, but not in accordance with the
facts,' the interests of the people, or of good gov-
ernment, or of cordiality of feeling between the
several States. The inauguration of universal
suffrage ought to inaugurate in our system the
period of universal good will in all sections of
the Federal Union. It ought to banish jeal-
ousies of every soi-t and kind, assuage as far
as possible the bitterness of our unfortunate
civil strife, and place on the bSsis of perfect
individual and political equality in this H~a.ll
the rights of every loyal American citizen with-
out regard to race or color. To delay this
grand consummation for three years not only
denies to the people that which justly- belongs
to them, but, I fear, will be construed as an
indisposition on the part of this branch of Con-
gress to be the faithful exponent of popular
rights.
, ®.'r> J- have alluded to the disproportionate
basis of representation as it exists in the Several
districts at this time. An examination .of the
facts, as shown by the results of th£ last elec-
tion, both by congressional districts and by
States, will illustrate this great disparity of
representative power in this House under the'
present apportionment, and the pressing neces-
sity of its immediate equalization. Take, for
instance, ten of the larger congressional dis-
tricts of the western States, as follows:
Congressional districts. TMalvote
Kansas     ™
Iirst district, California  4371*1
Fourth district, Iowa   
First district, Minnesota    si'Si
Sixth district, Michigan    S'SqJ
Second district. California   as'Sa
Fifth district, Wisconsin    Si'ljfi
Seventh district, Illinois 39 492
Tenth-district, Illinois    38'817
Third district, Ohio fljlli
Total, ten districts   3S3.4T1
_ Here we have an aggregate of 883,471 votes
m ten of the larger districts of the West, being
an average of 38,347 votes to each district. No w,
let us take the same number of the smaller
