1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2785
Massachusetts be so sensitive about this mat-
ter?
Mr. TWICHBLL. I only want the facts to
come out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee have
reported the facts. They have reported the
contracts made in New York and Boston.
Mr. TWICHELL. You have not reported
I ii 6 contracts
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They were reported
verbatim et literatim.
Mr. TWICHBLL. The name of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is not appended to any of
them.
Mi\ FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
examines the report he will find that the name
of the Secretary of the Treasury is appended
to the contracts. They are not signed by the
Secretary .of the Treasury, but were subse-
quently approved by him. That fact is stated
in the report and evidence 
Mr. TWICHELL. They are not contracts
until they are approved by him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not give way to the gentleman. He does not
understand the subject. The committee in
their report do not set out all the contracts.
We set out the text of the New York contract.
I do not care whether the gentleman wants to
make the Secretary of the Treasury responsible
or only the supervising architect. That does
not change the character of the contract. We
refer to the Boston contract as being in its
terms precisely like the one made in New
York, setting out in full only the latter.
Now, what are these contracts, and how
came they to be made? So far as regards the
Boston contract, which seems to trouble the
gentleman so much, the contract, in the first
place, was not given to the lowest bidder. In
the next place, contracts were not advertised
for at all, only three or four circular letters
were sent out to some granite quarry men invit-
ing proposals ; and another company proposed
to furnish the granite for a good deal loss than
Mr. Jonas H. French, of the Cape Ann quarry.
The testimony discloses a peculiar state of
facts. On the 2d of March last Congress
made an appropriation of $200,000 "£o lay the
foundation and commence the work" upon the
Boston post office. Jonas H. French, a dis-
tiller of Boston, who was never in the granite
business anywhere, but is in the distillery busi-
ness, testified that he came to Washington
shortly after that; he says it was soon after the
appointment of Mr. Delano as Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. His distillery had been
seized for a violation of the revenue laws.
While here he was advised to turn his atten-
tion to the purchase of granite. He says that
he spoke to a friend of his about having some
loose capital, and asked his advice about an
investment; that this friend told him that his
best chance just at that time was to invest in a
granite quarry; that if he worked one on a
large scale money could be made out of it.
That must have been in March, because in
the very beginning of April we find a telegram
from Mullet to Bryant to "take no action in
regard to letter*of April 3, about granite, until
return of Colonel French from this city." No
action was to be taken on the granite contract
until Mr. French returned. That was his second
visit to the city of Washington. Onthe28th of
April, French says he must have thought of it,
and purchased an unused quarry, taking posses-
sion the last of April, 1869. Mr. Bryant, under
directions from Mr. Mullet, issued a circular
or letter to the owners of four or five quarries,
including that of French and the Rockport
Granite Company, inviting proposals to fur-
nish foundation stone for the building. In
response to that letter or circular the Rockport
Granite Company offered to furnish foundation
stone for the building at forty cents per foot,
delivered at the site of the building, and one
half a cent per foot additional for stone meas-
uring more than twenty cubic feet, or to lease
a quarry to the Government at twenty cents
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 175.
per ton, bankage and wharfage. At the same
time French, in behalf of the Cape Ann Granite
Company, offered to furnish the foundation
stone at forty-five cents per foot, and one cent
additional per foot for stone measuring more
than twenty cubic feet, in addition to twenty-
five cents bankage and wharfage for lease of
quarry. The Rockport Granite Company
having made the lowest bid, it was declared
accepted.
On May 21, Mr. Mullet transmitted to Bry-
ant, superintendent, a contract and lease to be
executed by the Rockport Granite Company,
with the following directions:
"In oase the Rockport Granito Company refuse or
neglect to execute the lease and eontraot at once,
and give the required bond, you will then offer the
same to the Cape Ann Granite Company, substitut-
ing their prices, aa their bid is the next lowest re-
ceived, and I inclose their proposal for that purposo."
".V * *
"I should say that the Cape Ann Granito Company
was preferable, even taking price into account."
The Rockport Granito Company refused to
execute the lease sent them, alleging that it
was a departure from the terms of their pro-
posal and acceptance; whereupon the contract
and lease were i mmediately tendered to French,
who accepted the same.
May 26, 1869, Gardner wrote to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury protesting against that
proceeding, and alleging that it was only a part
of a matured plan to give the contract to
French at all hazards; and that the contract
and lease which had been sent him were not in
accordance with the proposal which had been
accepted.
The Secretary referred the papers to the
solicitor of the Treasury on June 1, 1869, for
his opinion, whether the contract was in ac-
cordance with the proposals of the Rockport
Granite Company.
On June 9, 1869, Solicitor Banfield reports,
in substance, that the contract and lease ten-
dered to the Rockport Granite Company were
not in accordance with their proposal and the
acceptance of the Government or the circular
which Mullet ha3 issued. Thereupon, instead
of executing the contract with the Rockport
company, the supervising architect issues new
circulars of invitations of proposals, embrac-
ing conditions which it was very apparent no
granite company which was in good faith, car-
rying on a business, would be willing to accept,
requiring an absolute lease of the quarry, with
all its machinery and attachments of every
nature and description, and providing that the
Government might take stone for any other
purpose than this building. The contract
already executed by French was in this man-
ner annulled or superseded.
In answer to the second circular, the Rock-
port Granite Company offered to lease a quarry
(not their large one) for thirty-five cents per
ton bankage and wharfage, and to furnish
the granite for the building, as sworn to by
Mr. Gardner, for forty cents per foot, in addi-
tion to the royalty of thirty-five cents per ton,
with an increase of half a cent per foot for
blocks measuring more than twenty cubic feet.
At the same time French, for the Cape Ann
Granite Company, proposed to lease a quarry
at twenty-five cents per ton, and to quarry and
deliver the stone for the foundation of the build-
ing for thirty-nine and three quarter cents per
foot, in addition to the royalty of one cent per
foot increase for blocks measuring more than
twenty cubic feet. Up to this time it appears
that Mr. French had not completed the pur-
chase of his quarry or organized any company
whatever, although he had been making pro-
posals, and had even executed a contract
with the Government as the Cape Ann Gran-
ite Company, for he swears himself- that the
organization of the Cape Ann Granite Com-
pany was not made until the 6th of July,
1869,; and on the 13th of July, 1869, Mullet
directed a contract to be made with French,
or the Cape Ann Granite Company, pre-
cisely in accordance with his lease, which was
done. This was for the foundation of the build-
ing only. Now, on the 26th of October, with-
out any further advertisement, circular, letter,
or other notice whatsoever, and without any
opportunity for competition, the supervising
architect of the Treasury directed that a con-
tract be made with the Caps Ann Company
for die granite for the superstructure of the
entire building, and the cutting of the same at
fifty-five cents per foot for .stone of less than
twenty cubic feet, and one'cent additional for
the stone more than twenty feet, with twenty-
five cents per ton additional bankage and wharf-
age, with an agreement, on the part of the Gov-
ernment, to pay the entire expense of cost of
work and working, dressing, insuring, and box-
ing the stone, with fifteen per cent, additional
thereto, precisely similar in terms to the con-
tract for furnishing the granito for the New
York building.
Mr. TWICHELL. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now.
Mr. TWICHELL. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am stating the facts
as proved in reference to these contracts.
Mr. TWICHELL. I only want to ask the
gentlemau a question. [Laughter.] Why was
not the gentleman willing the exact cost of
cutting should not come into the case?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was part of the
duty of the committee to find out the cost, but
nobody could or can tell the cost. But what
is the balance of the contract? The provision
is put into the contract that Mr. French or the
granite company represented by him should
dress the stone, and that the Government should
pay him all the cost of dressing it by the day
and fifteen per cent, additional. The language
is, " with fifteen per cent, additional upon the
whole cost and expense of working, dressing,
boxing, and insuring said stone."
Now, is it not evident that it was for the
interest of French to make that stone cost as
much as possible, to give the highest possible
wages for the poorest labor, and to prolong the
job as far as he could ? True, it is provided in
the contract that the Government should have
an officer to keep an account of the stone cut,
&c. But it turns out in the evidence that for
some two or three months at least the Govern-
ment did not even have that protection; but
the account was kept by French himself, this
distiller who never liad anything to do with the
granite business in any shape before, and whose
company consists, according to his own testi-
mony, of himself, his brother, also a distiller,
an auctioneer, and another person. Four gen-
tlemen who never knew anything about the
busiuess. This man a few days after this ap-
propriation was made was told it would afford
him a good investment, and succeeded most
admirably. Now, that is the whole gist of this
matter so far as Boston is concerned, and that
is what troubles my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Twtchell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, it is not
that that troubles me. I wanted the exact cost
of the stone, so that if a man expended a dol-
lar or a cent more for it than ought to be ex-
pended a remedy might be provided. The
trouble with me was when the chairman of the
committee shut out that testimony on purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The chairman has
not shut out any testimony on purpose. The
whole committee, I think, will bear me ont in
saying that from first to last I have sought to
get at the truth. I have desired to keep nothing
back. But it was the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Twichell] who was most bitterly
opposed to Mr. John Gardner being brought
here.
Mr. TWICHELL. How can the gentleman
say that when I did not know that he was to
come until I found him in close communica-
tion with the chairman of the committee and
the clerk? And then I only asked that if Gard-
ner's testimony was put in testimony ought to
