1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
Stato would be deprived of if they were not
banking. It is a tax on their property, and
which tliey would have to pay if they were to
wind up their banks to-morrow. That is a
sutlicient answer so far as that is concerned.
That being laid aside, there comes the Gov- j
eminent tax, which the Senator tells us is two j
unJ a half per cent, if it is two and a half
per cent., it still leaves these banks the most :
profitable institutions in the country for mak- !
me money. The Senator from New York takes |
ist*ue with me upon my statement as to the net
profits of the banks. I expected that after
having so positively taken issue in that way the
Senator was prepared to tell us what are the
net profits of the banks.
Mr. CONKL1NG. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, 1 am prepared to state in refer-
ence to a large number of individual banks.
Mr. THURMAN. I will show something
of the profits in the Senator's own city before
I take my own State.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator speak
now of the city of New York?
Mr. THURMAN. No; the city of Utica.
When the Senator says that the Comptroller
did not take into account taxes and expenses,
he is totally mistaken. The Comptroller of
the Currency most carefully considers all these
subjects; and what conclusion does he arrive
at in respect to the net profits of the banks
for the last year? I will show.
Mr. CONKLING. My statement was that
he did not consider it in reference to the twelve
aad a half per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. The twelve and three
tenths per cent. Very well. Now we will come
to something that is more definite. After
treating of all taxes and all expenses of every
kind and description, what is his conclusion
as to the net profits for the last year? He
savs, on page 17 of his report:
" The average dividends paid from tho banks dur-
ing tho past year will probably not exceed ten per
cent, upon their capital after deducting taxes and
expenses, and as the premium on gold shall dimin-
ijh," ic.
Before that, in his report he has shown that
their profits were much greater, but for thelasfc
year he estimates that their profits do not ex-
ceed ten per cent. ; about ten per cent. net.
Then this Comptroller of the Currency, who
ought to know, estimates the net profits of the
banks for the last year. But, sir, let us see
something about these country banks, for as
between the city of New York and the city of
Utica, Utica may be called a country town,
and its banks country banks. Let us see.
They have been receiving ten per cent. net.
What is their condition ? The First National
Bank of Utica has a surplus fund of $33,000 ;
undivided profits, $189,249 1G. That is a prof-
itable bank, with undivided profits amounting
to $189,000, and a surplus fund of $33,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. What is the capital?
Mr. THURMAN. The capital stock is
scoo,ooo.
Mr. CONKLING. How long has that been
accruing?
Mr. THURMAN. It has been accruing
efnee your national bank act passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon.
Mr. THURMAN. It has accrued since then,
for that brings me to the remark of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, that the surplus profits of
the old banks went over into these. If they
oid they went over as capital; and I defythe
Senator to show me a bank in the United
States in which the surplus profits of the old
State bank that was turned over into a national
bank did not go either as capital or as deposits.
Mr. CORBETT. The Chemical Bank of
New York.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, how did it go over
unless either as capital or deposits?
Mr. CORBETT. That bank had over a mil-
Hon of surplus, and their profit is on that mil-
lion as well as on the nominal capital. 1 hose
earnings were under the State charter.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 116.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not anybody see
that that is only suppressing a name to cheat
the State out of taxes, for that is what it comes
to? If the State stockholders put in $100,000
as capital, and put in $900,000 and called that
surplus, is it not all their capital in fact, and is
it not really $1,000,000 capital that they put
into the concern ?
I wish 
I hope the Senator will
Mr. CORBETT.
Mr. THURMAN.
not interrupt me.
Mr. CORBETT.
Mr. THURMAN.
Mr. CORBETT.
This is a vital point.
Very well; go on.
The Senator knows, from
the statement embraced in the Comptroller's
report, the capital as put down of that bank.
If he will turn to it he will see what the actual
capital of the bank is, and he will find that
the surplus is a great deal more than the
original capital, and that it had accumulated
it under the State banking system.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot believe that the
Comptroller of the Currency is so stupid or
that these bankers are so stupid as to put down
as surplus funds in their bank the capital that
had belonged to a bank which no longer ex-
isted. It must be put down either as deposits
or as capital. But let us go on and see.
The Second National Bank of Utica has a
capital stock of $300,000, surplus fund over
$22,000, undivided profits over $37,000; mak-
ing $60,000 for that bank. Then I come to
the Utica City National Bank, with a capital
stock of $200,000, undivided profits $13,000.
The Oneida National Bank has a capital of •
$400,000, surplus fond $17,000, undivided
profits, $117,551. That is pretty well for that ;
bank ; more than twenty-five per cent, of un- ,
divided profits there.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to point out to him a very striking coinci-
dence, a coincidence almost as remarkable as
was the tipping over of Mr. Weller's coach.
Every time he strikes a bank which had an
existence before the national banking act,
which was an old bank before that time, he
comes to one with large undivided profits;
but when he comes to a bank which arose with
the national system, he comes to one that has
scarcely any at all. I repeat, it is a very strik-
ing coincidence, considering that all turned
their surplus profits, when they became national
banks, into capital, as he says.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us see how that is.
I will turn to Ohie and see how it is there. I
will take the First National Bank of Columbus.
That is a new institution out and out, as I
happen to know. It had no existence before
the national bank act. It has a capital stock
of $300,000, surplus fund $60,000, undivided
profits $31,000—thirty-three per cent, nearly.
That will do pretty well for a new institution.
Then there is the National Exchange Bank,
Columbus. That is another new institution to
my knowledge; capital stock $200,000, sur-
plus fund $40,000, undivided profits $18,795.
The Franklin National Bank; that was an old
bank ; and now let us see if that does not stand
just like the rest: capital stock $150,000,
surplus fund $30,000, undivided profits $3 l,44o.
Let us go a little further, and take Dayton.
The First National Bank of Dayton, a new
bank, has a capital stock of $150,000, surplus
fund $83,000, undivided profits $14,000—-more
than fifty per cent. So I might go on through
this whole report. And yet gentlemen get up
here and say that it is a hardship on these
banks, and they cannot exist if you compel
them to deposit a four per cent, bond instead
of a six per cent. bond. They bought these six
per cents at less than Beventy centp on the
dollar in gold. You propose to paythema
dollar in gold for every one of their five-twen-
ties. That of itself is the greatest instance ot
profit made by capital on a loan of money to
this Government that ever ha3 taken place
since the Goverment existed.
The profits these bondholders make, it they
are to be paid in gold, present the most stu-
pendous instance of usury that this world, per-
haps, ever saw. And now these banks, who
bought their five-twenties for less than seventy
cents in gold, and who are to be paid dollar
for dollar in gold, after having received six
per cent, interest in gold all the time they have
held them, and whose profits have enabled
them, after dividing ten per cent, a year, to
lay up thirty-three per cent, of their capital
within the few years they have been banking—
they, forsooth, are hardly dealt with, are most
injuriously treated if you compel them to take
a four per cent, bond! I cannot see it, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. By a provision of the bank-
ing act the national banks cannot make any
dividend over a certain percentage until they
have a surplus to a certain extent. I think it
is twenty or twenty-five per cent, of funds.
That accounts for much of this accumulation,
and many banks made no dividends at all, and
have not made any dividends, and have kept
the profits as accumulations, in order to earn
money from the use of that accumulated fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on tho
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] to the eighth
section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to proceed still fur-
ther in trying to perfect this section. There is
a clause which lias been noticed somewhat in
this debate, which occurs on the fifteenth line,
after the requirement of the banks to deposit
new bonds, as follows :
In default of which their right to issue notes for
circulation shall be forfeited.
It has been observed sometimes that that
provision is harsh. I propose in some measure
to relieve it by introducing these words in the
twenty-seventh line, after the word " redemp-
tion."
Or if any such association shall so elect and give
  . U .1 4 Y> 1 fVifl Pnm Inr
jr li uiiy fcuoii aasutidiiuu ov/ ^1^1, 7,
the prescribed thirty days' notice to the Comptroller,
! bonds actually on deposit as security for eircu-
the DOUU3 UCtUUliy Ull UG1JUD11, U.O
lation at tho expiration of the year named may bo
allowed to remain as such security at four per cert,
per annum for such period as may elapse before the
substitution of the bonds asprovided bythis act; and
thereupon it shall be the duty of tho Treasurer to
retain any excess over four per cent, and pay the
same into the Treasury of the United States.
It will be observed that this provision leaves
it to the election of the bank. The Senator
from Ohio will find this amendment of mine
on the printed sheet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have it.
Mr. SUMNER. I call attention to the fact
that it submits the question to the election of
the bank. It takes from it, therefore, to a
certain extent, the compulsory character which
has been attributed to one of the earlier prop-
' ositions. It leaves an opportunity of choice
to the banks. I offer this now. Itwillbefor
the Senate to determine what course to take
with regard to it. In offering it I give at least
an expression to my own desires on this sub-
ject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the answer to
that is so obvious that it is not worth while for
me to say a word in reply. No bank, as a
matter of course, would file these bonds and
leave them there subject to that condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the eighth section.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to strike out all of the eighth section
after " 1864," in the eleventh line, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend that
section by inserting after the word "associa-
tion," in line twelve, the words:
Tho bonds of which are then redeemable by their
terms, and as they shall thereafter become redeem-
able.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can move that alter
the question is taken on striking out.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; if the clause is stricken
