2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19*
be pat in which would bring_out the facts. I
made no objection to his being examined.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has not the gentle-
man complained most bitterly here of me that
I caused Mr. John Gardner to be sent for and
examined? Why did I do this? Because John
Gardner was a member of the Rockford Gran-
ite Company and an intelligent citizen of
Boston.
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I decline to yield
further.
Mr. TWICHBLL. If the gentleman makes
statements which are not correct have I not
the right to correct them?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts will resume his seat.
The gentleman from Illinois will say whether
he yields to the gentleman from Massachusetts
or not.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I decline to yield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the gen-
tleman declines to yield, the Chair will not
allow him to be interrupted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
i n view of the fact that Congress only two years
ago passed a law making it a misdemeanor for
any officer of the Government to make a con-
tract beyond the amount appropriated for the
purpose for which the contract was made, it
did strike the committee as most extraordinary
that such a contract as this with regard to the
Boston post office should have been made.
In regard to the New York post office the
committee found this state of facts: bids were
advertised for 'for furnishing granite for the
foundations of the buildings, and for the found-
ations only. In response to that advertisement
there were several bids. The Dix Island Gran-
ite Company, whose chief officers, by the way,
are Dixon and Learned, t he two men who fleeced
the Governments the Charleston custom-house
and the south wing of the Treasury a few years
ago, about which the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent,] in 1862, made a report to
the House. They bid sixty-five cents per foot
for stones of twenty feet, with an addition of
one cent per foot for stones above that size.
Mr. Williams bid sixty-two and a half cents a
foot. The bid of the Dix Island Company was
accepted, although two cents and a half a foot
higher than the other. The alleged reason was
that Mr. Williams's quarry had not been suffi-
ciently developed, in the opinion of the archi-
tect; and yet the architect himself admits that
he never went to see the quarry, nor did any-
body for him. The quarry had been opened
and worked, tombstones and monuments had
been taken out of it; and the architect himself
afterward admitted that it is not very material
what the quality of the stone is for the found-
ations of the building, as it is nowhere in sight.
The invitation for bids was only for stone for
the foundations, but Mullet makes a contract
with the Dix Island Granite Company for stone
for the whole building, which wilt cost $1,500,-
000, according to their own estimate, and only
$200,000 had been then appropriated for the
"foundation" merely of the building. There
was a provision similar to that in regard to the
Boston post office as to the cutting of the stone,
the cost, with fifteen per cent, added, &c.
The supervising architect of the Treasury
gives as a reason for the peculiar provision of
these contracts about leasing the quarries that
if he makes a contract with a man to furnish
so much by the job he will fail to perform it,
and that it is necessary that the Government
should have control over the quarries, so that
it may go on and hire men to quarry stone and
dress it itself in case the contractor fails.
But another company offered to furnish bonds
to the amount of 81,000,000 that they would
furnish all the stone required in one month,
three months, or any time. They had all the
machinery in readiness for it.
Now, it is in reference to these contracts that
the committee directed their investigations,
and in closing our report we recommend that ||
these contracts be annulled and that contracts
be advertised for, and made with the lowest
responsible bidders. We believe that itwillbe
better for the Government to know, in the
first place, what kind of buildings we are going
to erect, for, mark you, the plans of these
two buildings had not been completed when
the contracts were made, and Mr. Bryant, the
architect at Boston, himself swears that hecan-
not tell what the building will cost, because the
plans are not completed.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to participate
in this debate, nor to express any opinion upon
the propriety of these two contracts. I have
counted myself very fortunate that in discharg-
ing the duties which fell upon me as a member
of the Committee on Appropriations, in refer-
ence to the appropriations for these two post
offices, I have not found it necessary to be
involved in this controversy. But the gentle-
man has alluded to a citizen of my own town,
a neighbor of mine, in the remarks he has just
made, which renders it incumbent upon me to
say a word. I did not know that he was a
party to the contract for the New York post
office until I heard his name mentioned in this
debate. The gentleman spoke of Mr. Edward
Learned, who he sa.ysisone of the contractors
for the New York post office, and he also says
that he was one of the parties who "fleeced"
the Government out of large sums in connec-
tion with other contracts. I have to say in ref-
erence to Mr. Learned, and that i3 all I desire
time to say, that no man who knows Mr.Learned
as I know him and have known him for a great
many years would indulgein that remark with
reference to him. His character for integrity
is such as with all who know him would shield
him from any such remark as hasjust been made
by the gentleman from Illinois. No man who
knows him would say that he has fleeced the
Government out of anything. I desire to put
that upon record.
Mr. FARNSWORTH resumed tlie floor.
Mr. TWICHELL. Allow me a single word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; 1 have not
time. I do not know Mr. Learned, but I do
know that the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, in 1862 made a report to the House,
a very elaborate and very able one, in which it
is shown that the Government was made to pay
five times as much for cutting stone for the
Charleston custom-house under that contract
as it was worth at a fair valuation, and if that
was not fleecing the Government it came very
near it. I have nothing to say against Mr.
Learned personally, but 1 believe he is a gen-
tleman who would make as good a contract
with the Government as he can, and that if
the Government officials should see fit to let
him fleece it he would do it. It is our duty to
endeavor to guard the Treasury against this
fleecing process. I hold that report in my
hand, and would commend it to the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I have
not time to read it.
Mr. TWICHELL. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman one question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to ask only one
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) The gentleman from Illinois
declines to yield.
Mr. TW1CITELL. I think, as he is very
fair, that he will yield for a single question.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House can see
with what pertinacity the gentleman wants to
talk.
Mr. TWICHELL. I want to ask him if he
knows that the two contracts aro entirely dif-
ferent ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is just the way
it is in committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Well, if the gentleman
cannot answer 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois is entitled to the floor with-
out interruption. •
Mr. TWICHBLL. I beg your pardon, Mr.
Speaker. I do not want to interrupt the gen-
tleman, on ly to ask him a question. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore: The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. FarnswobthJ is enti-
tled to proceed. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] seems to have
a quarrel with the clerk of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. I desire to
say on behalf of the clerk of that committee
that when I was appointed the chairman of
the committee I found him the clerk of"the
committee. I believe he was the clerk'of the
committee when the present Vice President
was chairman of the committee. I know he
was recommended to me by the Vice Presi-
dent as a good clerk. He was the - clerk of
the committee under the former chairman of
the committee, Mr. Alley, of Massachusetts.
The committee have found this clerk, Mr.
Painter, very useful, understanding as he does
thoroughly the postal laws and. regulations,
and all the business that, naturally comes
before the committee. J think no' member of
the committee has ever charged or insinuated
that the clerk is either dishonest or dishonor-
able.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twicheli,] complains that Mr. Painter said to
him, when he asked to have the testimony of
Mr. Gardner to show to Mr. Burt, that he
(Mr. Painter) could not let him have it because
he had been directed by the chairman of the
committee not to show the testimony to any
one. I have here a letter written by Mr. Pain-
ter since the gentleman from Massachusetts
has made his complaint. The letter'is as fol-
lows :
Washington, D. C., AprillS, 18T0.
Dear Sik: While you were absentfrom thecityMr.
Twichell came into the committee-room with Mr.
Burt, postmaster at Boston, and directed me to give
Mr. Burt the testimony, last taken bytheeommittee,
of Mr. Gardner. I replied that under toy instructions
from the committee it was not proper tor Mr. Burt to
have the testimony. Something was then said by Mr.
Twichell which I do not now recollect, but which
gave meto understand that Iwas being threatenedfor
not turning over the testimony to a third party, a.-,
there had been considerable trouble about the testi-
mony beiugseen by others than the committee. I re-
marked toMr.TwicnELLthatitwasofnoconse^uenee
to me, it whs not my funeral. He wanted to know what
I meant by that, and I replied it was a phrase I used
without any particular significance. I then told him
that Mr. Ferry was acting chairman, and I would
refer it to him. I went out and referred it to him,
and he decided that Mr. Burt could not see it, and I
so reported to Mr. Twichell, who loft the room, and
I informed Mr. Burt that it Mr. Twichell wanted
the testimony himself lie'could see it, and if after he
had got it ho choso to turn it over he could do so,
but after what had passed about the improper use
of testimony I should not take on myself any
responsibility in regard to it: that there was an
assault made by Mr. Gardner upon him, (Mr. Burt,)
but it was not in my hands, it was irrelevant, and
had been given by me, by Mr. Twickell's request, to
him.
Yours, &c„ U. II. PALXSTER,, Clerk, &c.
General J. F. Farxswobth.
Yet the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twichell] does not mention anything of that
at all. And when he imputed to Mr. Painter
that he was taking some interest in this matter
beyond his duty he says that Mr. Painter re-
marked that it was not his funeral, laughingly,
in western fashion.
Mr. TWICHELL. Asingle word right here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man must not be interrupted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, being quick to take umbrage
and easy to take offense, sprung to arms, and
said, "Do you expect*there will be a funeral
here?" Now, lam not surprised that Mr.
Painter, being a small man, hurried out of the
room, [laughter;] for if as between him and
