1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
oat we cannot then amend it. This amend-
ment of mine, it will be seen, will make this
section applicable only to those banks where
the bonds have become or shall hereafter be-
come redeemable, subject to be redeemed by
the Government. My objection to the section
as it stands L have already stated. You have
made a contract with the batiks that they may
hold bonds of 1881, which are not redeemable
for years to come. Now, you assume by mere
brute force, by the force of law, to say to these
banks that they shall sell their bonds. You by
law violate your contract, change it without
consulting the other party. That is what you
propose to do. Words will not change it. Now,
sir, I want the section to apply to those banks
whose bonds have become redeemable and
which we have a right to pay. This amend-
ment will produce that result. Adopt it and
then I will vote cheerfully for the section ; but
I cannot vote for it when you compel a bank
to dispose of its bonds where you have not the
right by law to redeem them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be very glad
indeed, in order to avoid this long discussion
and get a vote on this bill, to oblige the Senator
from Maine, whose judgment I always respect,
if I thought I could do so properly without
marring entirely the general features of this
bill. The only bonds we hold that are not now
redeemable at the pleasure of the UnitedStates
are the bonds of 1881, of which there are now
held by the banks, according to the last report,
$•38,830,000. Now, I know, and every Senator
familiar with the ordinary operations of ex-
change knows, the effect of the passage of this
bill will be rather to advance those bonds in
the market, and give an increased value to
them, because they are the only bonds bearing
six per cent, interest that are not now, or will
not be in a brief period, redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States. It is no hard-
ship to require the holders of bonds of 1881 to
go into the market and sell them. They are
now above par in gold, and they are now more
above the other bonds in price than they were
two months ago, since the subject of funding
this debt has been discussed. The owners of
those bonds may go into the market at any
time within a year and place them at a large
premium.
We prefer to harmonize and systematize this
whole system, and to commence and found
the whole banking system on these new bonds.
It is perfectly right that we should do so; but
I will not go into that argument. Senators,
however, have overlooked in this discussion
one very important matter. By this very bill
we confer on the national banking system a
privilege, a franchise the banks have never
before enjoyed, which is worth more to thein
far than the loss of one half of one per cent,
interest on the aggregate of bonds held by
them 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry.
I understood the Senator to say that the only
bonds not now redeemable by the provisions
on the face of the bonds themselves were the
sixes of 1881.
Mr. SHERMAN. Or within a brief period.
I have a table here of the various bonds held
by the banks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator must be
aware that every bond issued since 18fi5, because
the shortest redeemable time is live years, is not
now redeemable.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is redeemable by the
day fixed, in October.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They will all be redeem-
able this year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatisanotherquestion.
The question is, what are the bonds now redeem-
able by the provision of the contract? It is plain
that no bond is now redeemable except those
five-twenty bonds which were issued before
18Go.
Mr. SHERMAN. I again repeat the state-
ment I made that all the bonds now held by the
Comptroller of the Currency for the banks are
redeemable by the day fixed in this bill, the
1st of October next, except the ten-forties and
the 1881s. That is shown by the official state-
ment I have in my hand. There are a few ot
the last two series of bonds issued under the
act of March 3, 1865, which mature next year
and the year after. The amount of them in
one case is $2,000,000, and $228,000 in the
other. So, then, the whole of the bonds are
now held here at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment except the ten-forty bonds and the bonds
of 1881. I say, therefore, it is no hardship 
Mr. CORBETT. Are there no 1807s?
Mr. SHERMAN. Theamouutof the 1807s
is $2,000,000. The effect of this bill is to har-
monize the whole banking system by basing it
all on the new classes of bonds; and to make
an exception or discrimination in favor of the
bonds of 1881, when no hardship is done to the
holders of those bonds, when they are required
to be sold and the premium is given them, it
seems to me would be making a distinction
without an object. I hope, therefore, without
enlarging the debate or answering many points
made here, we shall have a vote The Senator
from New York made one or two remarks that
I should like to answer, but in order not to con-
sume time I merely express the hope that we
shall have a vote.
Mr. MORTON. Icannotrefrain before this
vote is taken from expressing my conviction
that the most important matter to the country
in connection with the national banks is over-
looked by this bill, and was overlooked by the
currency bill that we passed, and to which it
seems the Finance Committee have not directed
their attention. If we require the banks to
take a four per cent, bond and reduce their
interest two per cent., and if we take that same
two per cent, off the taxes they now pay, it is
clear that so far as the revenue of the Gov-
ernment is concerned the thing is just even.
But if it is intended that we shall take two
per cent, off the interest and leave the taxes
as they are now the question is, can the banks
go on. I think they can, and they can go on
upon the same way that they have made prof-
its which the Senator from New York seemed
to deny. They have made the profits, and
they can go on if you put the two per cent,
addition upon them either in the way of taxes
or in the way of cutting down their interest;
but how will they do it? By increasing the
rate of interest. That is the great evil now
under which this country is laboring; the
enormous rate of interest. The national banks
are making profits, how? Why, sir, by lend-
ing their money at one per cent, a month,
and in many parts of the country at one
and a quarter, and in some cases higher;
and while the Government is collecting some
ten or eleven million dollars annually in the
way of taxes from the banks the whole nation
is suffering from the enormous rates of inter-
est which are established. When the national
banks put up their interest every private
banker does the same thing, and every money
lender, and he goes beyond the national banks.
Now, sir, the growing evil to be corrected is
to bring down the interest, if you can bring it
down. It must be done through the medium
of the national banks. I would say legislate
so as to require the national banks to lend their
money for not more than seven per cent., and
I would so manage the taxes that they could
afford to do it; and when they have brought
down the rates of interest then every money
lender in the land, whether he be a private
banker or a private individual, must to a cer-
tain extent follow the example. Now, sir, we
can pile the taxes upon the national banks, and
they will'pile on the interest or they will quit
business. They intend to make from ten to
twelve per cent, or they will not bank; and if
you, by cuttingdown their interest, virtually tax
them two per cent, more that will go upon the
rate they charge their customers.
Mr. President, the true interest of the coun-
try now consists, I am satisfied, and I tried to
urge that upon the Senate when the currency
bill was under consideration, in making a law
that shall require the national banks to lend
their money at not more than seven per cent,
interest so as to furnish the country with cheap
money. That is what business demands ; that
is what enterprise demands—cheap money.
And when we have done that we have con-
ferred the greatest favor on the country. To
do that we may possibly have to reduce their
taxes. But what is the small sum of eight or
ten millions a year to the Government com-
pared with the enormous rates of interest that
are thereby piled upon borrowers all over the
nation?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if the national banking act does not
now make provision for seven per cent, interest,
except where it is otherwise provided by State
law?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; or even six per
cent.; but it is a nullity. The Comptroller of
the Currency tells you in his report that it is a
nullity.
Mr. SHERMAN. That cannot be helped.
Mr. MORTON. I think it can be helped.
The machinery that has been provided is im-
perfect, and the Comptroller of the Currency
says it amounts to nothing. The law is en-
tirely evaded.
Now, sir, I will not undertake to-night to
point out what legislation is necessary to fur-
nish cheap money to the people, but I believe
it can be done, and I believe it is the most im-
portant thing to be done. The national banks
will make profits just as long as they are car-
| ned on, no difference how much you tax them,
! no difference how you cut down the rate of
ii interest; but they will do it by increasing the
1 rate of interest to their borrowers.
Now, Mr. President, the national banks
, hereafter cannot make money as they have in
the past. Why? In the first place the old
banks have made enormous sums by purchas-
ing their bonds at a low figure, and the increase
iu the value of the bonds is of itself an enor-
, mous profit to the old banks. Then, again,
they have had the premium on gold, and that
j has increased the interest upon their bonds.
I at one time as high as twelve per cent., and
1 again as high as eleven, ten, nine, eight, until
now it is down to about six and sixty hun-
dredths. That profit is gone for the future.
Then the new banks that come in come in on
a very different footing from the old ones.
They never can enjoy the profits the old banks
had. It is, therefore, entirely possible for the
j old banks to go on under a stringent law when
it will be impossible for a new bank to be
: formed.
Sir, we want new banks. We want them all
through the West, and we do not want any law
that is to prevent the formation of new banks,
and that is to confine the monopoly to the banks
already in existence. The old banks with large
surplus funds, the old banks with large undi-
vided profits can well afford to take the new
bonds and go on because they are rich already,
doing a good business, while perhaps not a
single new bank could be profitably started
| under the bill.
It is not a question what the old banks can
do so much as it is a question what can the new
banks do. Take the State of Iowa, the State
of Indiana, the State of Missouri; we want new
banksallthrough those States. We wantgreater
banking facilities, and we do not want a law
now passed that is to confine banking to the
existing banks or cut off the formation of new
ones, and thus in point of fact establishing a
real monopoly. My opinion is that the whole
; measure should be d ifferent to some extent from
the one that is proposed here. This is all I
intend to say.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, do not the
remarks of the Senator from Indiana conduct
us absolutely to one point—the necessity of
specie payments?. He shows the inadequacy
of the measure now before us. We may fund
