1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5619
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the Senate amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged motion, to
reconsider the vote by which theHouse refused
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That is never done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman who
makes the motion to adjourn yields to me.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
and to move to reconsider the vote by which
the report was agreed to, and that the report
be recommitted to the committee of confer-
ence. I find that the objection of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ward] is a serious
one, and that the provision in regard to ap-
pointments by the mayor of this city goes much
further than I had understood. I desire again
to submit to the committee of conference that
provision.
Mr. ARCHER. Was not the motion made
to reconsider the vote agreeing to the report,
and was not the motion to reconsider laid on
the table ?
The SPEAKER. It was; but a suspension
of the rules can bring it back. The gentljjpan
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to make the motion he has indicated.
Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on suspending the rules.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes twenty-four; not one fifth of the last
vote. .
Mr. McNEELY called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn. .
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to make a formal report.
Mr DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] to withdraw
his opposition to my motion. 1 do not think
the conference committee understood that the
provision to which my attention hasbeen called
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward J
was what they agreed to. I did not so under-
stand it myself.
Mr. McNEELY. How can the House know
what a conference committee mean when they
do not themselves understand what they mean.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there weie
ayes twenty-two, not a sufficient number.
Mr. McNEELY demanded tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Oil ordering tellers, there were—ayes twenty;
not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were refused, and tell-
ers were refused j and the House refused o
adjourn. ,
The SPEAKER. When the motion to ad-
iourn was made the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeely] had demanded tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays on the motion ot the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. DAWEfaJ
to suspend the rules, and to reconsider the
vote agreeing to the report of the commit ee
of conference on the sundry civil appropriation
bill. The Chair now submits that question.
On ordering tellers there were—ayestwenty-
one; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that when the
House adjourns it be to meet at ten o'clock
tomorrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion. He has again and again
stated that pending a motion to suspend the
rules he can only entertain one dilatory mo-
tion. One dilatory motion, the motion to
adjourn, has already been made and dis-
posed of.
The rules were suspended; and Mr. Dawes- a
motion to reconsider the vote agreeing to the
conference report, and recommit the same to
a committee of conference, was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn, but in the first place I yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ikser-
soll.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do that,.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a point of order.
The vote taken by the House was not on the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] but on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The vote was- taken on both,
and was overwhelmingly decided in the affirm-
ative on one motion and in the negative on
the other.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were
ayes twenty-seven.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 117, not voting
G5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barnum, Benton,
Biggs, Bird. Booker, Boyd, James Brook?, Burr, Con-
ner, Cox, Davis, Dickinson, Eldridge, i'arnsworth,
Eox, Griswold, Haight, Hainbleton, Ilamill, Haw-
kins, Iiolman, Lyncn, McCormick, McNeoly, Mimes,
Morphis, Niblack. Poland, Potter, Randall. Reeves,
Rogers, Shanks, Sherrod, Slocum,William J.&imth,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Van Wyek, Ward, Welker,
Wells, Williams, Winans, and Woodward—48.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, At-
wood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beatty, Leek,
Benjamin, Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buifrnton.Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin h.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Crebs, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley,
Duval. Ela, Eerriss, Eerry.Fmkelnburg. i itch, Gar-
field, Getz, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hm-is, Hay, Hays,
Heflin, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, llotehkiss, Insersoll,
Jenckos, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Relley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lewis, Losan, Lough-
ridge, McCarthy, MoOrary, McGrew, McKee, Mcken-
zie Mcrcur.Bliakim H.Moore,William Moore, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Hungen, Myers,
O'Neill. Orth, Packard. Packer.Paiue.Paimer, Pock,
Perce, Peters. Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Rice, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Sheldon, John
A Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Sweeney, Tafie,Tan-
ner, Tillman, Townsend. Trimble, Twichell, JLyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wheeler, Whitmore.W lllai'd, Eu-
gene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Winches-
teNOT'VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Beaman, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland. Clinton Ij. Cobb, Cook, Covodo,
Cowles, Cullom, Dan-all, Dixon, Dockers', Dox,
Dyer, Fisher, Gibfcon, Haldeman, Hale, ilawloy,
Hoge, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Ivellogg,
Kerr, Ketchain,Lawrence,Marshall, Mayham, M a.y-
nard, Jesse ll.Moore, Morgan, Mornssey, Aegley,
Newsham, Piatt, Pomeroy, Itidgway, hoots, San-
ford, S.irgent, Schenck, Scofield, fohober. Joseph te.
Smith, Worthington 0. Smith. Stevens, Stevenson,
Stradcr, Taylor, Van Auken. Van Xrurap, \ oorhees,
Wallace, CadwalaclerC. Washburn, WiIIuhu 13. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, Witoher, and Wood 65.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM Till! SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
Ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (£1. R. No. 13-35) to admit
the State of Georgia to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had rejected the bill (H. II. No. 2351) for
the relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood.
ANTHRACITE RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. CAKE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the Committee on Railways
and Canals be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 341) to incor-
porate the Government Anthracite Railroad
Company, and that its further consideration
be postponed until the second Wednesday in
December next.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentle-
man if the committee which he proposes to
discharge is in favor of this bill?
Mr. CAKE. I will answer that question.
The committee of the present House have
approved of it, and also the same committee
in the Fortieth Congress approved of it.
Mr. McNEELY. Is this a debatable ques-
tion?
Mr. RANDALL. The understanding was
that we should have an opportunity to be heard
upon this side.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to debate.
Mr. CAKE. My motion is to suspend the
rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cake] so as to dispense with the reading'
of the bill.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, no business having transpired since a
similar motion was voted on.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a word or
two, as the gentleman was allowed to make
remarks upon the other side of the question.
Mr. CAKE. No, sir ; I only moved to sus-
pend the rules. The bill is not on its passage.
I only proposed to postpone its consideration.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to state that, the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cake] is made with the consent and
approval of the Committee on Railways and
Canals.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania said a word or two on this ques-
tion, find 1 presume he will allow an answer
to what he stated.
Mr. CAKE. 1 made no statement except in
answer to the gentleman's question.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays to suspend the rules.
Mr. WOODWARD. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say but one word. I represent the
principal anthracite-coal fields of Pennsylva-
nia 
Mr. CAKE. I object to debate.
Mr. Vv OODYi ARD. I say. sir, that it is a
bill which is unconstitutional, and is unworthy
to be entertained by the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The quebtion was taken: and there were—
yeas 116, nays 53, not voting 01; as follows
V R -IS— Messrs. Allison. Ambler. A mo*, A matrons
Oovode, Cowles. D;ivveb. Degener, DicUcy, Donky,
Duval, Farns worth, Feni-\s. J'erry, rmke n«)uri?,
Fitch, G-arficld, tiiJhUan, Hamilton. Harm. Haw-
kins. ilay,Hnys,Ilffliti, Hooi «r,Ingcrsoll, JeocW,
Judd, Kellogg, Kclsoy, Ketehum. Lajiiu,
L.)sh, Lawrence. Losc.ui, Lmiidiridgo. Lj ncn. -
nurd. MeOr.ny, ?dcUre\v, jh-Kce, iUercur, Aliine;.
EliakAin 11. iiiiaru Mu>,rc., jMorphi-, ,>niiict
J. Morrell. Samuel P Mom!!. \>trlcv. Ortn.
ard, Pucker, Paine, V.ihuoc, J\ck, Peieo.
Phelps Poland, Porter, Proper. 6:mlord,ei\
Scofield, Shank?,Lionel A.Shcidon, Porter e>h«.'idou„
