1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
and refund, we may constitute banks to any
extent, with any amount of capital; but so
long as we have an inconvertible currency the
Senator from Indiana can make the speech to
which we have now listened. The banks can
demand and will receive a high rate of inter-
est. That is the essential, inseparable inci-
dent of the present condition of things. The
only remedy js a return to specie payments.
And now, it this whole measure should be
put aside and we could adopt one single prop-
osition, taking advantage of the present auspi-
cious condition of things in the money mar-
ket to establish specie payments, I believe we
should do more than could be accomplished
by all in this bill. I am in favor of this bill
nevertheless; I shall vote for it; but I cannot
resist taking advantage of the speech of the
Senator from Indiana to call attention to the
precise evil and the precise and only remedy.
To my mind nothing is clearer than that we
may make a good funding bill, and we shall
not fully establish our credit until we h;tve
specie payments. Just so long as we are with-
out those the national credit suffers, and your
funding bill will have in it the elements of
weakness. Give us specie payments and you
will give us strength—strength in our own
finances, strength in all the business opera-
tions of the country.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin.]
Mr. McCREERY. My colleague [Mr. Davis]
has drawn up an amendment in the nature of
a substitute for this bill. He is compelled this
evening to leave the Chamber, but in his name
and at his request I offer it for the considera-
tion of the body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its being received, but it is not in order now.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. There are two
motions which have priority of it now; one to
strike out a part of the eighth section, and the
other to perfect it before it. is stricken out.
Mr. McCREERY. I supposed a substitute
had priority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
trom Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to the eighth sec-
tion. '
The question being put, there were on a 1
division—ayes IT, noes 22.
Mr. HAMLIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1G, nays23: as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Boreman. Buckingham, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard,
llowc, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Tor-
ment, Pomeroy, Revels, and Scott—1G.
NATS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard. Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cole, Drake, Harlan, no well, J ohnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, Osborn, Pratt, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Stockton. Sumner, Thur-
can,Trumbull, Warner. Willey,Williams, and AVil-
:on—2S.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Catteil, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Fowler,
Ihmilton, Harris, Lewis, Morton, Norton. Nye,
Patterson. Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury,
tprasuc, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Yafe=—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, to strike out all of the eighth sec-
tion after " 1864" in the eleventh line.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; let us take this vote.
Mr. BOREMAN. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. SPRAGUE, (at ten o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
ki'd declared that the motion appeared not to
be agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 27 ; as follows:
IE AS—Messrs. Boreman, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Gilbert, Ilamlin, Johnston, Kellogg,
pi ii ~\v^sl3Vv -Buckingham, Ca^serlv
, Chandler Cole, Drake, flurlan, Howard, Howe'
Howell, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
j ton, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, ftoss, Sawver
u--nma,VI-M ?Wi'rt' Thurman, Trumbull, M'arner'
\Villey, \\ilhams, and Wilson—r '
j. u iui, nainuton, Harris,Lewis,.Norton, _ .
terson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Tknycr, Tipton
\ lckers, and Yates—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
1 he \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] to strike out
all of the eighth section after '-18G4," in the
eleventh line, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
I he question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 15, nays 2',i ; us follows:
• YEAS —Messrs. Buckingham. Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry, Uilbert, Hamlin, Howard, Ilowe,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont.
Pomeroy, Revels, and Scott.—15.
NAlft Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
ser.y, LHandler, Cole, Drake, Harlan, Howell, John-
ston, Kellogg, MeCrecry, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey,
luce, lioss, hawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
',/,?1c,kton,'„ Sumner, Thurman. Trumbull, Warner,
1 • Williams, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Catteil, Cragin, Davis, Fen ton, Fowler
Hamilton, Harris. Lewis, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Spraguc,Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order now to move
to strike out the first, second, and third sec-
tions?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the
first three sections and insert what I send to
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the words proposed to be inserted.
Mr. THURMAN, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
must be read first before it is before the Sen-
ate, and thatcannot be interrupted by a motion
to adjourn.
The Chief Clerk, The words proposed to
be inserted are as follows :
I That for the purpose of reducing the interest on
five-twenty six per cent, bonds of tho United States,
j the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby,
I authorized to is,sue, on the credit of tho United States,
' coupon orregistered bonds ofsueh denominations.not
less than fifty dollars, as ho may think proper, to an
amount not exceeding in amount the five-twenty sis
per ccnt. bonds of the United States,redeemable in
coin at the pleasure of tho Government, at any time
after ten years, and payable in coin at forty years from
date, and bearins interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, or at anytime after twenty years, and
payable at forty years from date, and bearing inter-
est at tho rate of four and a half per cent, per annum,
and payable at forty years from date and bearing ,
interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually in coin: and the bonds thus
authorized may be exchanged for any of the out-
standing five-twenty sis per cent, bonds of an equal ,
• aggregate par value, heretofore issued, and known as
tho five-twenty bonds, and for no other purpose: or i
they maybe disposed of at tile discretion of theSec-
; retary, under such regulations as healiall prescribe,
cither in tho United States or elsewhere, at not less
than their pnrvalue lorcoin: and the proceeds of so
much thereof as may be disposed of for coin shall be
placed in the Treasury, to bo used for tho redemption
ofsueh six per cent, bonds at par as may not bo
offered in exchange, or to roplaco such amount of
coin as may have been used for that purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ think we can vote on
this amendment without further discussion.
Mr. THURMAN. There are amendments
to be offered that will give rise to debate; I
know there are. I insist on the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have my
colleague's amendment ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ If there be no
objection this amendment will be ordered to
be printed. The Chair hears none.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the^ negative, and the motion is disagreed
to. The question recurs on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President—-—
Mr. CHANDLER. Don't talk; let us vote.
Mr. VILSON. The Senator from Michi-
gan reminded us the other day that those who
knew but little about finance talked a great
deal on these questions ; that those who knew
a great deal about it talked very little indeed,
made short speeches; and I suppose those
who understand all about it do not talk at ail.
lhat is one reason why I have been silent dur-
ing this debate. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I do not desire to take up
any considerable time: but I wish to explain
my proposition 
^ Mi. EDMUNDS, (at ten o'clock and twenty -
nve minutes.) The Senator from Massachu-
setts gives way to me. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from A'ermont ?
Mr. V ILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. No business has tran-
spired since the last motion to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate on a
motion to adjourn. If we cannot have the
rules enforced I think it is high time we did
something else.
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has risen to a question of order,
which has priority of everything else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say no business has
intervened since the last vote was taken.
Mr. HAMLIN'. We have had a speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that is
business.
IheVTCE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts had been speaking
and given way to a motion to adjourn, and
then resumed and spoken the brief time he has
! spoken, the Chair would consider the status as
being exactly the same, and eould not enter-
tain this motion. But the status has certainly
been changed. The Senator has commenced
to speak on the amendment, which he had not
done before, and he has yielded to the Senator
from \ ermont to give him an opportunity to
amplify his remarks. The Chair thinks the
status ischatiged. and therefore tho motion is in
order.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 2-5, noes 21.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 20: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard. Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald,
Morton, Poineroj", Pratt, Revels, Schurz, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
WHson—2o.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Drake, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Ramsey. Riee, Ross. Sawyer,
Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Catteil, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Ferry,
Fowler, Hamilton, Harris, Lewis, Norton, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Thayer,
Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—23.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 10, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
UMATILLA RESERVATION, OREGON.
Mr. SARGENT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 504, to vacate
and provide for the sale of the Umatilla reser-
vation in the State of Oregon, and that the
