1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3731
Mr. PETERS. How far apart are they ?
Mr. ORTH. I believe about a thousand
miles by the river—just a pleasant little excur-
sion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
If the minister to Uruguay receives a salary of
$7,600, would he not, if he received a mission
at the same time to another Government, be
entitled to one half of that sum in addition ?
Mr. DAWES. The law requires that.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I will also make the single
remark that the condition of things in Para-
guay is such as to make it more important that
we should be represented there than at any
period heretofore.
Mr. ORTH. I think it is more important
that a minister should go to Paraguay this year
than next year. Its people are about reorgan-
ising their Government, and hence it is import-
ant that a representative from this great Gov-
ernment should be there to give the aid of our
influence and moral support to that people to
establish what they have not had heretofore, a
republican form of government, and that as
against the European Power, if we may so call
it, of Brazil.
Mr. WILLARD.-1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it pro forma, in order
to make one statement. I understand the law
to be clear that where a minister to a foreign
Government has added to his duties those of
a mission to another Government the latter
entitles him to an addition of one half to his
salary. Therefore, he would have a claim on
the Government to that amount, whether we
appropriate it or not. I would remark also that
the duties of this mission are of a very delicate
character, much more so than those of a mis-
sion to an old established Government, because
it is & provisional one, and all the more deli-
cate and difficult, because, as has been stated
by the gentleman from Indiana, that Govern-
ment is being started under the auspices of a
Power unfriendly to us. We require, therefore,
to send there a minister of the highest order. It
would be very unfortunate if any misstep were
made. The two countries are a thousand miles
apart, and I submit that considerations of
economy do not enter into this question, be-
cause the existing law makes provision for such
a case.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that the law
now provides that when a minister to one
Government has another Government attached
to his mission the law allows him one half of
his regular salary in addition. I understand
further that whatever appropriation we make
in this bill for this minister will be the law for
this case. The minister to Uruguay is not a
full minister; the office is attached simply to
the Argentine Republic, and the salary for this
diplomatic service in Uruguay would be only
$3,500. Now, this amendment proposes to
increase the salary for Uruguay from $3,500
to $7,500, and then to add to it $3,500 more
for services in Paraguay.
Now, as I observed before, the Government
of Paraguay is a provisional government. _ Let
it be understood what is meant by a provisional
government. It is not an independent Gov-
ernment. Is it claimed here that the minister
we propose to send to Paraguay is to go there
and work against the Powers that have organ-
ized that very Government? Do we send a
minister there for the purpose of being hostile
to the Government itself? This Government
was organized, as I said before, under the
authority of the Powers that have conquered
Paraguay. It therefore seems to me that if
there is any need whatever of diplomatic ser-
vice at Paraguay there is no need of this salary
in connection with it. I therefore ask that my
amendment may be adopted.
. Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order on
the amendment, that it is new legislation and
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the question now is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. WILLAIID. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the whole para-
graph read:
For minister resident at the Argentine Republic,
appointed also to Uruguay and Paraguay, $11,250.
Mr. DAWES. I must raise the point of
order that that is not in accordance with ex-
isting law. We have two ministers already
out there, nominated to the Senate and con- j
firmed, one at the Argentine Republic and one I
at Uruguay. i
Mr. WILLARD. By authority of what law?
Mr. DAWES. I have not the law before
me, but I understand the law to provide for it.
Mr. WILLARD. We have a minister resi-
dent at the Argentine Republic. I
Mr. DAWES. This bill is printed as it
stood last year when we had a minister at the
Argentine Republic, accredited also to Uru-
guay. But there has been a change this year,
and instead of uniting those two it is thought
wiser to unite Paraguay and Uruguay, which
are more contiguous than the others.
Mr. WILLAliD. By what authority of law
do you unite Uruguay and Paraguay?
Mr. DAWES. A minister to Uruguay has
just been confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. WILLARD. Was there a minister there
before?
Mr. DAWES. It was attached to the mis-
sion of the Argentine Republic.
Mr. WILLARD. In the last appropriation
bill? i
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir. !
Mr. WILLARD. Well, I think I under- j
stand it now. I understand that the last appro- j
priation bill was the same as the present bill
as printed, providing for a minister at the Ar-
gentine Republic, appointed also to Uruguay,
at $11,250. Now, I understand that the reason
given for this amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] !
is that the State Department, notwithstanding
this law, which is the law at the present time,
has appointed^, minister to Uruguay and also
appointed one to Paraguay. I do not under-
stand that that is done by any authority of law,
unless the State Department has the authority
at any time to appoint a minister to any Power
irrespective of any previous appointment for
that purpose. I understand, of course, that the
statute provides that when to any diplomatic
office held by any person there shall be super-
added another such person shall be allowed an
addition to his compensation at the rate of fifty
per cent, of the compensation of the superadded
office. Therefore, I suppose it is that my former
amendment was ruled out of order. But my
present amendment is that the minister to the
Argentine Republic shall be accredited also to
Uruguay and Paraguay, and that his salary
therefor shall be $15,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Chair to the ninth section of the
diplomatic and consular act of 1856, to be found
in Statutes-at-Large, volume eleven, page 56.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the section referred to.
The Clerk read as follows :
"And be it further enacted, That when to any diplo-
matic office held by any person there shall be su-
peradded another, such person shall be allowed
additional compensation for bis services in such
superadded office, at the rate of fifty per ccnt. of the
amount allowed by this act for such superadded
office ; and such superadded office shall be deemed
to continue during the time to which it is limited by
tho terms thereof, and for such time as shall be
actually and necessarily occupied in making the
transit between tho two points of duty, at the com-
mencement and termina tion of tho period of such
superadded office so limited, and no longer.
Mr. PETERS. I would like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] whether in the last appro-
priation bill there was not an appropriation
for a minister to Paraguay ?
Mr. DAWES. There was an appropriation
for a minister at Paraguay. There was a joint
mission for Uruguay and the Argentine Repub-
lic, just as is printed in this bill.
Mr. PETERS. Let me see if I understand
this matter. In the last. appropriation bill
Uruguay was secondary to the Argentine
Republic; and now you make Uruguay the
principal mission and Paraguay the secondary.
Mr. DAWES. That is it exactly.
Mr. PETERS. I would like to ask tlie
gentleman further if there is any more money
appropriated by this bill for this purpose than
there has been appropriated in bills heretofore?
Mr. DAWES. No more than last year; pre-
cisely the same as last year. The appropria-
tion was made last year, and the minister ap-
pointed; but owing to the troubles there the
minister was recalled. This is only making a
change there which seems to those who have
the administration of these affairs in charge to
be proper. I think, also, that my point of order
is as applicable to the present amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard]
as it was to his former amendment.
Mr. POTTER. Let me inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. DawesJ if
his proposed amendment does not purpose to
increase the amount of appropriation in order
to furnish a representative to Paraguay?
Mr. DAWES. It does not increase it over
the amount appropriated last year. It makes
a half a mission more than there is in this
printed bill, because when thisbill was reported
to the House from the Committee ou Appro-
priations such was the condition of things in
Paraguay,that it was not thought worth while
to connect it with any mission there.
Mr. POTTER. Nevertheless, it does make
an increase, for the purpose of having a min-
ister at Paraguay ?
Mr. DAWES. It does over the appropria-
tion printed in this bill; not over the bill of
last year.
Mr. PETERS. It makes what was half last
year the whole now, and what was the whole
last year the half now.
Mr. POTTER. It makes an increase, how-
ever, over the appropriation proposed by this
bill, and makes this increase in order to send
a representative to Paraguay.
Mr. DAWES. But not over the appropria-
tion of last year.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to any representative at Paraguay. I
know little of the importance of a representa-
tive beyond what the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has told us to-day. He
assures us that country is in ruins. Now, a
country in that condition is not a country that
requires a representative from this Govern-
ment near its sovereign. But he tells us also
that Paraguay has been deprived of all its
male inhabitants. Now, if the question was
as to sending a female representative to a
nation of Amazons there might perhaps be
some fitness in it, but clearly there is no need
of a minister to a country with no male in-
habitants left. And the gentleman tells us still
more, that the Government which is now sub-
sisting in Paraguay is a provisional govern-
! ment established by the allied Governments,
j which he says were not our friends. That, if so,
j is, I think, another reason why no representa-
i tive should now be sent there. Indeed, I en-
tirely agree with the gentleman from Vermont,
that the condition of affairs in Paraguay, as it
appears by this debate, does not warrant us in
spending any money for the purpose of send-
ing a representative there.
Mr. DAWES. I am surprised at the position
taken by my friend from New York, [Mr.
Potter.] What, in his view, is the purpose
of a minister? I apprehend that the state of
things which have been described demand of
us to send to Paraguay a minister of the highest
i order to take care of the interests of American
| citizens and to represent American principles.
I Under the circumstances now existing there, a
! new Government being in process of formation,
it is important to press, if possible, American
