5620
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes. Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
Welker,Wilkinson,Willard,EugeneM. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Witcher—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleve-
land, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Eld-
ridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hill, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Mayham, McCormiek,
MeKenzie, McNeely, Myers, Nibla'ek. O'Neill, Pot-
ter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers. Schumaker,
Sherrod, Sloeum, Joseph S, Smith, Stiles, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Wells, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Beaman, Ben-
nett, Benton, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton Ij. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Dar-
rall, Davis, Dixon, JDockery, Dox, Dyer, Bla, Fisher,
Gibson, Haldeman, Hale, Ilawley, Hoar, Iioge,
Hotchkiss, Alexander 11. Jones, Julian, Marshall,
McCarthy, J esse H.Moore, Morgan, Morrissey JMun-
fren, Newsham, Vlatt, Pomeroy, Ridgway, Roots,
Sargent. Schenck, Shober, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevenson, Stone, Strader, Taylor, Twieholl, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees,Wallace,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washbuin, Wheeler, Whit-
more. Williams, tVinans, and Wood—61.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the order made
accordingly.
order op business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have a
report to make from a committee of conference.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for the purpose of calling up a pen-
sion bill for a poor negro who has lost both legs ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will yield
to the gentleman.
je1uiy gordon'.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Iaskunanimousconsent
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 329, granting a pension to Jerry Gordon.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the rules
be suspended and the amendments of the Sen-
ate concurred in.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Jerry Gordon,
and to pay him a pension of eight dollars per
month from August 00, 1862, until June 6,
1866, and twenty-five dollars per month from
the said 6 th day of June for and during the con-
tinuance of his natural life ; said Gordon hav-
ing lost both legs by reason of wounds received
while in the service of the United States as a
teamster at tbe second battle of Bull Run, in
■Virginia.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out the words "eight dollars per month'from
August 30, 1862, until June 6, 1866, and;"
also, to strike out the words " said 6th day of
June" and insert "passage of this act."
Mr. IKG KR.SOLL. The amendments of the
Senate strike out that portion of the original
bill which proposed to give Jerry Gordon a
pension from the time he lost his legs up to
the passage of this act; but he is allowed a
pension from the passage of this act till he shall
"pass over Jordan." I think we had better
vote this pension to this poor negro, rather
than give money to the clerk of the Pension
Committee, about which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bexjajiin] seems to be so anx-
ious.
The question being taken, the rules were sus-
pended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
and the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
GEOItGB CIIORPENNING.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 374, authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
• out the words:
And in case of such appeal the papers presented
to the Postmaster General in the cass shall be for-
warded to the said court, and received in ovidenoe
therein.
No objection being made, the amendment
of the Senate was taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
ENJtOLLED DILLg,
Mr. BEATTY-, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles; when the Speaker'
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 296) to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue;
An act(S. No. 1047) to extend letters-patent
granted to John Bachelder; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authoriz-
ing the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to ap-
point guardians or trustees for minor Indian
children who may be entitled to pensions or
bounties under the existing laws.
soldiers' monuments.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to take
up from the Speaker's table the resolutions
which ljave passed the House granting con-
demned cannon to various places, which have
come back with Senate amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have consol-
idated them all into one amendment, and if
there be no objection House resolution No.
382, granting eight pieces of condemned can-
non to the Ladies' Soldiers' Monument Asso-
ciation of the city of Bridgeport, Connecticut,
will be taken up, together with the amendments
of the Senate.
There was no objection ; and the amend-
ments of tbe Senate were read, as follows:
Pagel,line four, after "condemned" insert "iron."
At the end ot the bill add the following sections:
Sec. 2- And be it farther resolved. That the Secre-
tary of War be, and ho hereby is, directed to deliver
four condemned pieces of iron ordnance to each of
the following places, namely: Qaincy, Illinois; Mor-
ristown. Morris county, New Jersey; Eastford, Con-
necticut: Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; Jersey City, New
Jersey; Gardiner, Maine; Hydestown, New Jersey;
the Ladies' Monument Association of Peoria, Illi-
nois; the National Soldiers' Cemetery at Grafton.
West Virginia; the Franklin County Monumental
Association. Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, to be
used in the ercetion of soldiers' monuments or ia
the ornamentation of the-same: Provided, That no
expense be incurred by the Government for the
transportation of the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further rcsolued, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to place at
the disposal of the .Lincoln Monument Association,
incorporated by tbe act of Congress, so much dam-
aged and captured cannon, bronze, and brass ord-
nance as may be necessary out of which to cast the
principalliguresof said monumentfrom time to time,
as the models are completed.
Amend the title so as to read: "Joint resolution
granting condemned cannon for the erection of mon-
uments."
Mr. CONGER. I move to insert "Port
Huron" after "Peoria, Illinois."
Mr. INGERSOLL. That will lose the bill.
Mr. CONGER. If the amendment be made
the Senate will concur in it.
Mr. HILL. I do not yield for the amend-
ment. I demand the previous question on
concurring in the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in. .
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments were concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. CONGER. I now propose to go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. If the regular order of
business be called for the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is on the floor or a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is on the floor whenever I attempt
to take up anything, either he or some other
distinguished gentleman,
CUSTOMS CAETAGE, NEW YOKK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolu-
tion ofthe House of June 27, 1870, in relation
to the customs cartage system of the port of
New York; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
direct taxes.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimousoonseut,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of tlie Treasury, transmitting a
report from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in regard to the oollection of direct
taxes; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
post office department.
The SPEAKER algo, by unanimouscon§eiit,
laid before the House a communication of the
Posttnaster General, transmitting to the House
report as require^ by the act of Congress to
change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, &c., approved July 2, 1836 ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
indian depredation claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation of $100,000 to pay certain
Indian depredation claims ; which was referred
to t.)ie Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
- UNEXPENDED BALANCES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of July 2,
1870, transmitting a full statement of all unex-
pended balances remaining in the Treasury, or
in the hands of the Treasurer, as agents of the
War and Navy Departments, &e.; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. I wish to know if this is the regular
order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is following
what has been universally regarded as the reg-
ular order in submitting these communications
to the House.
Mr. PAINE. I submit that that is not in
accordance with the rules ofthe House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
a point on that?
Mr. PAINE. I do.
The SPEAKER. Very well; the Chair
overrules the point of order.
public debt.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of July 6,
1870, in relation to the amount of tbe public
debt at the end of each fiscal year since the
organization of the Government, and the rate
of interest thereon, &c.; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
education in the south.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary ot' the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the House, in relation
to the progress of education in the South ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
removal 01' political difauilities.
The SP13A lCER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] has the floor to make
