1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5621
a privileged report from the Committee oh
Reconstruction, which is entitled^ report at
anytime.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I report
back from the Committee on Reconstruction,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (S. No. 1040) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political dis
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides (two thirds
of each House concurring therein) that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, by reason of partici-
pation in the late rebellion, be, and are hereby,
removed from a number of persons residing in
the State of Kentucky, who are named in the
bili.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the bill
be put upon its passage. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall object to any
debate, unless the other side is heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The other
side shall be heard. This bill contains seventy-
one names, a large majority of whom are small
office-holders, who require to be relieved of
their disabilities in order to hold their offices.
I have presented the bill at the request of many
gentlemen, and now submit it for the action of
the House. I hope the House will now hear
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes.]
Mr. STOKES. I desire to make a statement
to the House. I have presented bills to relieve
from their disabilities persons in my State—
men who have petitioned to be relieved, and
whose prayers for relief have been well recom-
mended. These bills have gone before the
Committee on Reconstruction, and the com-
mittee have permitted them to lie there and
these men'to remain unrelieved, having failed
to report the name of one of them to this House.
I enter my solemn protest against this partial
legislation, by which you relieve a certain num-
ber of men in one State, and do not relieve
those in another State. This is a most extraor-
dinary move upon the part of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. When these bills came
from the Senate I went to that gentleman and
asked him whether he meant to have these
pass the House, and leave out the names which
I had sent before the committee. I understood
from him that those bills would be referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and that if
a solitary roan was relieved the men from Ten-
nessee would be relieved. I ask the members
of this House if this is fair play, if this is fair
dealing, to leave out in this way the men of my
State, while men ot'other States are relieved ?
I ask gentlemen to aid me in voting down
this proposition, against which I feel bound to
enter my solemn protest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill is not a
report of the committee.
Mr. STOKES. I understand that. I know
that it is not the report of the committee. lam
in favor of relieving all, and am opposed to this
partial legislation.
Mr. WARD. I object to debate on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. This is not the report of a
committee, but a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr, CLARK, of Texas. I shall insist that
this bill shall include the names of three hun-
dred men from Texas, whose disabilities ought
to be removed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The reason
■why I moved to suspend the rules was that it
requires the same vote to pass the bill as it does
to suspend the rules. The bill does not come
from any committee. I have made my motion
at the request of a number of gentlemen. 1
think myself they are as bad in Kentucky as
they can be, and a few more disabilities removed
or put on will not make them any better or any
worse.
Mr. POX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FOX. _ Then I object to debate.
The question was put on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—ayes 73,
noes 03.
Mr. McNEELY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McNeely
and Mr. Loughridge were appointed.
Mr. McKENZIE. Can I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question ?
Mr. WARD. I object to any debate.
Mr. McKENZIE. I only wanted to ask him
why he did not include our Virginia men.
Mr. BECK. Your Virginia bill will be called
up in two minutes.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 55.
Mr. McNEELY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Is a motion to adjourn
in order now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, (at four minutes to
twelve o'clock p. m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
G5, noes 85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the motion to suspend the rules. I have
the conference report on the Georgia bill yet
to make.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order for the gentleman to withdraw
his motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is; the House has made
no decision in regard to it.
Mr. McNEELY. Can he withdraw it pend-
ing a demand for the yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw it at any time when no decision of the
House has been made respecting it.
ADMISSION OF GEOKQIA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representative^ to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. It. No. 13&5) to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress of the
United States, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows, to wit:
After tho word "thereof," m the ninth line, printed
bill, of the amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate, odd the following words, namely:
"and nothing in this or any other act of Congress
shall bo construed to affect the term to which any
officer has been appointed or any member of the
General Assembly elected, as prescribed by the con-
stitution of tho State of Georgia."
BENJAMIN P. BUTLER,
HALBERT B. PAINE,
Manager8 on the part oj the Home.
JACOB 51. HOWARD,
A. G. TUURMAN,
Managers on the part of tile Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
be observed that the conference committee has
agreed to the House amendment precisely as
it was passed,with an additional clause provid-
ing that nothing in this or any other act of
Congress shall be construed to affect the ap-
pointment of any officers or the election of any
members of the Legislature as prescribed by
the constitution of the State of Georgia. In
other words, the question whether there shall
be an election, when it shall be, how it shall
be conducted, and under what circumstances,
will be decided under the State constitution by
the courts of the State. The language is, in
my judgment, carefully guarded. It leaves
the question exactly as the law leaves it—to
be decided by the courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman pre-
tend to say that the Constitution of the uni-
ted States allows any State court to declare
that the Legislature of a State may perpetuate
itself indefinitely? And does he deny that
the Congress of the United States has the
power to review and set aside any such decis-
ion? I wish to make my protest against any
such interpretation of the language of this
bill. It will not bear it anywhere, either in
Congress or out of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
point of order on this report. My point of
order is that this is not a conclusion. I agreed
to the substance of this report; but in its pres-
ent form it does not present any conclusion.
What is the report of the committee of con-
ference ?
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendment ot the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in tho Congress of the
United States, having mot, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows, to wit:
ASter the word "thereof," in the ninth line (printed
bill) of the amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate, add the following words, namely:
"and nothing in this or any other act of Congress
shall be construed to affect the term to which any
officer has been appointed or any member of the Gen-
eral Assembly elected, as prescribed by the constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia."
My point of order is that in this report the
Senate does not recede from anything, nor
does the House; it is simply recommended that
the House amendment be amended in a par-
ticular way. This does not fix the form of any
bill pending between the two Houses. I ob-
jected to the report in this shape as informal,
and desired that it might be rewritten. It has
not been rewritten; and therefore it comes
here without my signature. My point is that
a conference report must show that some bill
has been agreed to ; and this report does not
show anything of that sort; it does not make
a complete record; and no clerk can by it make
up the bill. I submittkis question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The point raised by the
gentleman goes merely to the form in which
the report is drawn. The substance of the
conclusion reached by the committee is evi-
dently embodied in the report. As to any
awkwardness which there may be in the form
of expression, that is a matter upon which the
Chair does not feel it his duty to rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the clerks, from
this report, cannot make up the bill as agreed
to by the Senate and House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that the report is quite intelligible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If both Houses
concur in agreeing to this report, then the con-
currence which the gentleman from Illinois
complains of as lacking will be supplied.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And the
Senate committee, who drew this report, have
reported it to the Senate, where it has been
passed almost nem. con.
The report was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; therebeing—ayes
one hundred and twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the House (at twelve o'clock and live
minutes a. m.) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented un-
der'the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. JOHNSON: The petition of Fred-
erick Coombs, for his own relief.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petitions of J. T.
Bollmyer and Henry Totlen, for payment for
property destroyed by the Army in Trimble's
Building, Padueah, Kentucky.
Also, the petition of \V. A. Rawlings. Henry
Kordenbrook, John E. Williamson, and Jacob
Davis, for property destroyed at Padueah, Ken-
tucky.
