1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
regard for the older States, to be content for
three years to come with a representation for
our people in this House of the people's Repre-
sentatives more than one third less than that
. which the people of other sections enjoy we
are bound to say that fidelity to our duty, faith-
fulness to the rights of the people we represent,
regard for the Constitution, of our country , and
for that impartial justice in the matter of rep-
resentation which it enjoins, forbid us to do so.
I come now to the question, is it within the
power of Congress to provide for a fair and
honest representation in the next Congress ?
Are the difficulties in the way of so just a meas-
ure insurmountable ? I can best answer this
question by considering the objections to the
pending bill and other similar measures which
have been urged.
And first, ir, is contended that we propose to
! place too much power in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. It is said that in this
' respect the bill goes beyond what is politic, and
I believe it is intimated that it goes further
! than the Constitution will warrant. Now, the
! rule upon this subject is well understood, and
1 is this: Congress cannot delegate its legisla-
1 tive authority ; it cannot empower any officer
! of the Government to make laws ; itcan,how-
1 ever, confer upon any such officer any power
: or duty which in its nature is merely executive
I or ministerial. What, then, is the nature ofthe
powers and duties conferred by this bill, if it
becomes a law upon the Secretary of the Inte-
rior? Does it propose to confer upon him any
legislative power? I think no gentleman will
seriously so claim. It is the province of legis-
lation to provide the law, that is, the " rule of'
action," which shall govern in the taking of
the census and in determining the number of
Representatives to which each State shall be
entitled.
The census bill which we have passed estab-
lishes ail the necessary rules and provides the
machinery for taking the census. By the bill
now before the House we propose to determine
the number of Representatives which shall con-
stitute the next House, Now, when the census
has been taken and duly returned to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the number of mem-
bers of the next House being fixed, what_ re-
mains to be done to complete this apportion-
ment? Nothing whatever, except to solve a
very easy problem in simple addition and
simple division, and announce the result to
the Governors of the several States and to
Congress when it shall meet. This_ is the
great and extraordinary power which we
are told cannot bo conferred upon a merely
executive officer. The point urged with so
much earnestness by the opponents of this bill,
stated truthfully in the light of the provisions
of this bill and of the facts, is this: Congress
cannot authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to make the calculation necessary to determ-
ine from the census returns the number of Rep-
resentatives to which each State is entitled,
and to make announcement of the result of
such calculation.
A duty more clearly executivein its character
could hardly be imagined. It is so exclusively
an executive or ministerial duty that Congress
in its collective capacity cannot discharge it,
and must delegate it to a committee, an individ-
ua], or an executive officer. Imagine this
House engaged in the duty of examining the
returns of some three hundred census officers,
making calculations to determine the number
of the inhabitants of the country and of each
State separately, and we shall have presented
a picture of the attempt of a Legislature to
exercise the functions of a mere executive. It
is true that Congress could, if in session, after
being informed of the number of the inhabit-
ants in each State, by an act declare the num-
ber of Representatives to which cach State shall
be entitled ; but as this is merely the announce-
ment of a fact, of the result of a mathematical
calculation, and inasmuch as there is no dis-
cretion whatever to be exercised in making
the announcement, it can as well be left to the
Secretary of the Interior as to Congress. In
this view I am sustained not only by reason
and argument but by the practice of the Gov-
ernment. There is no act of Congress any-
where determining and expressly specifying the
number of Representatives to which each State
is entitled in the present Congress. The prac-
tice of making an apportionment by an act
of Congress was abandoned in 1850, and since
that time Congress has fixed the whole number
of Representatives and established the rule by
which the apportionment is to be made, and
left the balance to an executive officer.
By reference to the act of May 23, 1850, it
will be seen that Congress at that time provided
as follows:
"Prom and after the 3d day of March, 1853, the
House of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and thirty-three members, to be appor-
tioned among the several States in the manner
directed in the next section of this act."
And the next section provides as follows:
"So soon as the next and each subsequent enum-
eration of the inhabitants of the several States di-
rected by the Constitution of the United States to be
taken shall be completed and returned to the office
of the Department of the Interior it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the
aggregate representative population of the United
States by adding to the whole number of free persons
in ail the States, including those bound to service
for a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
three fifths of all other persons; which aggregate
population he shall divide by the number 233, and
the product of such division, rejecting any fraction
of a unit, if any such happen to remain, shall be the
ratio or rule of apportionment of Representatives
among the several States under such enumeration.
And the said Secretary of the Interior shall then
proceed in the same manner to ascertain the repre-
sentative population of each State, and to divide the
whole number of the representative population of
each State by the ratio already determined by him
as above directed, and the product of this last divis-
ion shall be the number of Kepresentatives appor-
tioned to such State under the then last enumera-
tion."
And another section of the same act still
further provides that—
" When the Department of the Interior shall have
apportioned the Representatives in the manner
abov e directed among the several States, under the
next or any subsequent enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, he shall, -as soon as prac-
ticable, make out and transmit, under the seal of his
office, to the House of Kepresentatives a certificate
of thenumberofmembers apportioned to each State
under the last enumeration, and shall likewise make
out and transmit to the Executive of eaoh State a
certificate, under his seal of office, of the number of
members apportioned to each State under such last
enumeration."
Mr. WILLARD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a question.
Mr. McCRARY. Certainly.
Mr. WILLARD. The Constitution provides
that Representatives and direet taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union; and I ask the
gentleman whether under this bill that appor-
tionment is to be made by Congress or by the
Secretary of the Interior ?
Mr. McCRARY. That apportionment is
fixed by the action of Congress under this bill,
and the Secretary of the Interior is merely a
ministerial officer to execute the law as enacted
by Congress.
Mr. WILLARD. Who makes the apportion-
ment under this bill among the several States?
Mr. McCRARY. The law will fix the appor-
tionment of representation among the several
States, and the Secretary of the Interior will
only be intrusted with the execution of this
law. If the gentleman from Vermont is cor-
rect, then the act of 1850 is unconstitutional.
Whoeverreads carefully these provisions will
discover that the bill now before us proposes
no new feature of legislation, confers no new
or extraordinary power upon the Secretary ot
the Interior, but is on the contrary in perfect
harmony with the legislation under which every
Congress since 1850 has been chosen. It will
be observed that the act of 1850, from which
I have quoted and which is still in force, does
not provide that the Secretary of the Interior
shall submit the census returns to Congress be-
fore he makes the apportionment, but on the
contrary it directs him, "as soon as the enu-
meration shall be completed and returned to
the office of the Department of the Interior,"
to make the apportionment and certify it to
Congress and to the Executive of each State.
In a word, under the existing law, as well as
under that which is now proposed, Congress
provides the mode of taking the census and
establishes the whole number of Represent-
atives, and provides the rule of apportionment,
and leaves the mere execution of the law to an
executive officer. Whether, then, we look at
the question in the light of the practice of the
Government or in the light of the well-settled
rule upon the subject, the objection that too
much power is vested in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Interior falls to the ground.
It is also urged as an objection to this meas-
ure that if it becomes a law at this session the
present apportionment will not be permitted
to last ten years. Well, sir, why should it last
ten years? Can any good reason be given?
The Constitution does not require it; it simply
requires an enumeration to be made " within
every term of ten years." If necessary to
carry out the spirit of the Constitution, and
secure equal rights and just and impartial rep-
resentation to all sections, Congress ought to
reapportion oftener than once in ten years, but
we cannot delay it longer.
But it is said it has been the custom from
1789 to the present to make a new apportion-
ment only at intervals of ten years, well, sir,
if by following a custom we shall do a wrong
we had better depart from it. A custom or a
precedent should be followed only until there
is good and sufficient reason to abandon it. I
suppose very little progress would ever have
been made in the world if there had never been
found men bold enough to depart from a pre-
cedent. For myself, I will follow precedent
only so far as justice and equity and the best
interests of the people will in my judgment
allow. But, sir, I deny that our fathers ever
intended to establish the doctrine that to remedy
great injustice and inequality a reapportion-
ment could not be made within a period of less
than ten years. The statement that they did so
intend is supported by no shadow of proof
whatever. It is the merest possible assump-
tion. Finally it is urged that there will not
be time enough after the taking of the cen-
sus and before the election of the Forty-Second
Congress to make the new apportionment.
By the provisions of the census bill which
we have passed the census returns are to be
made by the 1st day of July. The elections
generally take place in October and Novem-
ber. There is, therefore, time enough. The
certificate of the Secretary of the Interior show-
ing the new apportionment will reach the most
distant State in the Union by the middle of
July. Under this bill I presume the repre-
sentation in each State would remain as now,
or be increased. Such States as have their*
representation increased will elect the addi-
tional number on a general ticket. In States
where there is no change in the number_ the
present districting will remain; so that it is
not probable that it will be necessary to call
together the Legislature of a single State. This
measure is, however, of too much importance
to be put alone upon the ground that its exe-
cution will occasion no inconvenience. I put
it upon the higher ground of the public good and
of j ustice to the people. It is nothing less than
a proposition to allow the people to have their
rights in this House ; it is the answer of this
Congress to the demand of more than four
millions of our fellow-citizens to be allowed a
fair representation in the law-making body of
this Government. No government, and espe-
cially no republican government, can afford to
give to the people governed just cause of com-
plaint. Least of all can a Government such
as ours, which "derives all its just powers from
the consent of the governed," afford to deny
i the right of representation, full, complete, just,
i and equal representation, to any class ot its
