1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
roa«ls and canals and to improve the navigation of
water-courses, in order to faeittiate, promote, and
secure such a commerce, without a latitude of con-
struction departing from the ordinary import oftho
tonus, strengthened by tlio known inconveniences
w'ukh doubtless led to the grant ot' this remedial
power to Congress."
This view was sustained by Congress in the
nbsence of a two-thirds vote.
Mr. Monroe, it is well known,was influenced
bv the same reasoning in regard to the power
ot' Congress over internal improvements. In
his message of December 2, 1817, he says :
"A difference of opinion lias existed from the first
formation of our Constitution to tho present timo
aniens our most enlightened and virtuous citizens
in reg.ird to the right ot' Congress to establish snch a
system ot' improvement. Taking into view tho trust
w.tii which 1 am now honored, it would bo improper,
alter irhat has passed,that this discussion should bo
revived, with an uncertainty of opinion respecting
the right. Disregarding early impressions I have
bestowed on the subject all the deliberation -which
its great importance and a just sense of my duty
required, and the result is a settled conviction inmy
miud that Congress do not possess tho right."
In his veto of the bill for the repair of the
Cumberland road, May 4, 1822, he was also
sustained by Congress.
The same subject came up under President i
Jackson, in the Maysville road bill, May 27,
1830. Congress again sustained the veto of
the President, based upon the same reasoning
which had influenced his predecessors.
This being the settled policy of the Govern-
ment, a3 I have clearly shown, the subject of
internal improvements was left with the States
without interference by Congress, and a system
has grown up which has involved an expendi-
ture by States and individuals of an amount of
capital almost impossible to be accurately esti-
mated. Each State has acted without fear of
any disturbance by the Federal Government
of the charters granted by them, or the adop-
tion of any new policy which might impair or
render less productive the capital which they
have so liberally expended. The exercise of
the power by Congress at this late day could
not be justified upon any principle of fair deal-
ing, setting aside the constitutional difficulty to
which I have referred.
TaketheState of Maryland, for example, with
her three hundred and fifty miles of railway,
connecting the waters of the Chesapeake and
Ohio, and her extensive branch roads, upon
which together she has expended $60,000,000
of capital, supplied mainly within her own lim-
its, and without Government subsidies; would
it be just for this House to charter competing
roads and offer the weight of their countenance
and patronage to insure their success as against
State and individual enterprise? In the absence
of proper facilities in the transportation of
troops and munitions of war, or in meeting
the demands of the postal service, where a
necessity exists, such an interference might be
justified ; but only asawar measure. The same
reasoning applies to the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral, the New York and Erie, and all the great
trunk lines of the country, which have grown
up under State and individual patronage, with-
out aid from Congress. No State would be
safe under the operation of such a policy. Sup-
pose it had been recognized and acted upon in
the early stages of this Government, how many
of the great lines which hare contributed so
largely to the public convenience, as well as
the wealth of the country, would now be in
existence ?
This power over their own soil in the con-
struction of roads and canals, the States have
always claimed and exercised. The Federal
Government has never seen fit to interfere with
it. Our whole system of internal improvement
has grown up under State laws, 'lhe seat of
Government situated within the borders of
Maryland and Virginia, was ceded by those
States, the Constitution expressly providing
that their consent should be first obtained. It
the right of eminent domain was intended to
he vested in Congress, why ask tliis consent ?
Congress can no more exercise this sort of
jurisdiction over the soil ofa State, by c hartering
roads and making them independent of the
States through which they pass, than she could
assert jurisdiction within their limits over any !
other matters of local concern not recognized '
in the enumerated powers of the Constitution. !
Our arsenalB, dock-yards, and light-houses, !
revenue offices are mostly held under specific
grants from the States within whose limits they
are situated.
But waiving the grave constitutional argu-
ment against the exercise of any such power
by Congress, what benefit is likely to accrue
from the passage of this act? Does the public
convenience require it? Are the avenues to
the national capital obstructed or likely to be so, !
or the existing system of roads, under State
charters, inadequate to meet the demands of
trade and travel?
I have stated, Mr. Speaker, that the original
movement in reference to granting these char- j
tered rights within the limits of the States with-
out their consent was not confined to a single
road, but was intended to interfere with large :
interests in the southern and western States,
as well as those through which this air-line
road passes. This fact will appear by the paper
which I hold in my hand:
Philadelphia, December 26, 186S.
Sir: Two bills (Senate bills 554 and 6S1) are now
pending before the Senate of the United States, each |
of which incorporates several companies and author-
izes them to build railroads, seven in all, radiating
from Washington and extending over seven or eight
different States. These bills confer very greatpowers
and impose few restrictions. Eor example, one of
them authorizes the construction of a road to any
point on any railroad in Virginia.
It is well understood that this is but an entering
wedge to a system of railroad legislation by Congress
intended to extend over every part of tho country.
Believing that such congressional legislation will
be destructive of existing railroad interests, promote
wild and dishonest speculation, and bo highly de-
moralizing in its influence, we call your special and
immediate attention to it. .
Many of the corporators named in theso bills
some of them officers of existing railroads, have
never been consulted. This has given tho impres-
sion that influential men and companies favor this
legislation, who in fact are strongly opposed to it.
Under the impression that no such bill can pass,
railroad companies, generally, have not opposed the
measure. Prominent Senators, however, say that
the danger is groat and imminent, and that it calls
for immediate and vigorous exertion ou tho part of
existing railroad officers to avert it.
Should this matter appear to you as it does to us,
we suggest that you use your influence with your
friends in Congress, especially in tho Senate, to de-
| feat a11 SU°h meaSUm" J. EDGAR THOMSON,
i President Pennsylvania R. It. Co.
GEORGE W. CASS,
Pres't Pittsburg, Ft. Wayne, and Chicago Railway.
T. L. JEWETT,
Pres't Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and St. Louis R. li.
ISAAC HINCKLEY,
Pres't Phila., Wilmington, and Balto, It. 12.
CHARLES E. SMITH.
President Philadelphia and Reading R. 12.
ASHBEL WELCH,
Gen'l Pres't United Companies of New Jersey.
A. L. DENNIS,
Pres't New Jersey R. R- "n<l Trans. Co.
WM. H. GATZMER,
Pres't Camden and A.mboy R. 12. and Trans. Co.
The grand idea as expressed in this bill is
to open what is called an "air-line" road
between Washington and New York. The
whole scheme I pronounce to bean absurdity.
It may serve to inflame the imaginations of
greedy cormorants and speculators who stand
ready to profit by a Government copartnership ,
or the valuable privileges with which this bill
is proposed to be invested by Congress. Hut
the whole thing must prove a failure so lar as
it is expected to furnish the most direct line
between the two cities. The vantage ground is
already preoccupied by existing State charters.
Congress, it is true, may annul these charters
with as little violence as she can throw herselt
in competition with the power of the States, or
she may make a tortuous road, more productive
: than that which engineering skill has already
indicated, by the weight of her patronage and
;; influence. But the fact is susceptible of dem-
i onstration that neither the wants of the general
i. public, growing out of the demands of trade
and travel, nor any consideration of national
convenience, would justify such an interference
at this time on the part of Congress.
Let us pause for a moment, Mr. Speaker,
and consider well some of the extraordinary
provisions of the bill now before us. It is
termed a "bill to authorize the building of a
military and postal railway from Washington,
District of Columbia, to the city of New York.'"
This in a time of profound peace! Besides
beinginvested withthepowersusual in ordinary
charters this corporation is empowered—
To purchase, lease, receive, and hold such real
estato or other property as may be necessary to
accomplish the objectsof tho act; and may, by their
agents, engineers, contractors, or workmen, imme-
diately enter upon, take possession of, and use all
such real estate and property as may be necessary
for tho construction, maintenance, and operation of
said railway, and the accommodations requisite and
appertaining thereto.
In case of disagreement in the acquirement
of such "real estate or other property," the
said corporation, or the owner or owners of
such real estate or property, shall apply by
petition to the justice or justices of the Supreme,
circuit, or district courts of the United State3
having jurisdiction in the State or locality in
which said real estate or other property may
be situated, &c. It is further provided that—
The said justice shall appoint not less than threo
nor more than seven oompetent and disinterested
commissioners, who shall be freeholders in the State
or district, and at least one of them shall be a resi-
dent oftho county in which said real estate or other
property is situated, who Bhall, under the direction
of the said justice, view said premises or property,
take such testimony as they may deem proper, make
appraisement and determine the said damages, and
report the same under oath and in writing to said
justice.
This, it will he perceived, ignores any juris-
1. diction over the subject on the part of the State
:: courts, and supersedes the ancient and existing
mode of conducting condemnations, as hereto-
| fore established in all the States throughout
|j the country. The bill also provides:
1 i That the lineg of rail way carrying the mails of the
United States, which may be or are now constructed
under tho authority of either of the States through
which the railway hereby authorized shall pass, and
which may meet or intersectthe same and their con-
nections, shall have the right to connect, Jcc.
The bill further provides for the adjudica-
tion of all questions arising under this charter
"by the circuit court of the United States, to
be holden in the district where such suit or
I prosecution is pending;" and where a State
court has been resorted to provision is made
for a transfer of said suit, with the right of
ultimate appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
With the broad powers to which I have
referred it may be well to inquire what is meant
by "real estate or other property" which the
company is authorized to acquire under the
provisions of this bill? The corporation is
empowered to connect with ^ny railroads occu-
pying the line of the proposed survey. Suppose
these roads should prove refractory and refuse
their consent to such consolidation, what is
their situation? The Supreme Court of the
! United States, in the case of The West
River Bridge Company vs. Dix, 6 Howard,
>! Supreme Court Reports, page 534, holds this
/language:
II " We are aware of nothing peculiar to a franchise
I; which can class it higher or render, it more sacred
i than other property. A franohise is property and
nothing more."
If you pass this bill, then, and its constitu-
tionality is established, of which grave doubts
may well be entertained, all the roads lying in
| the direction of this new enterprise, in case of
i disagreement or a refusal to submit to the
terms which may he prescribed, will be subject
to the absolute control of this " military and
postal railway." The machinery of this bill is
I such that these existing roads would have no
! resource but to surrender at discretion.
! The jealousy of the States, Mr. Speaker, m
excluding their judicial tribunals from all juns-
ii diction over these "military and postal roads,
