1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3733
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman inform the
committee what is the object of having any
other than a commercial agent in the island of
Hayti ?
Mr. KELSEY. The law so provides, and
we do not in this appropriation bill propose to
change existing law.
Mr. COX. The law provided for a minister
to Rome, and yet we struck out the appro-
priation.
Mr. KELSEY. We have passed away from
that subject.
Mr. COX. I should like the gentleman to
inform the committee why a commercial agent,
the consul general, cannot do all our business
with this island, so that the expense may be
cut down a little?
Mr. KE LSE Y. It would take more than the
five minutes which I have at my disposal to
satisfy the gentleman, and I do not desire to
occupy the time of the committee in that way.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt that it would
take the gentleman more than an hour to
satisfy me or the country either.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelsey's
amendment., and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of commissioner and consul general to
Liberia, $4,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move the same amend-
ment here as in the preceding paragraph, to
strike out the word "commissioner" and in-
sert the words "minister resident."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking oat" $4,000" and insert-
ing "$7,500," which is the statutory salary
of a minister resident, and which is the same
that we allow to the similar officer at Hayti. I
need hardly suggest that the expenses con
nected with the mission to Liberia are neces-
sarily greater than those of the mission to
Hayti, on account of the expenses of the voy-
age, from the distance of the country, and
also the general expensiveness of living in the
former country. Nor need I state the other
fact, that the population of Liberia is com-
posed of persons who have gone from this
country, and who have extensive connections
here still, whereas the Haytians are to all intents
and purposes foreigners. The mission to
Liberia should certainly be made at least
■equal to the mission to Hayti, and the minister
resident should be paid, as other ministers
resident, $7,500.
Mr. COX. I am opposed to any amendment
increasing the amount. I think differently
from the gentleman from Tennessee. What
can a minister to Liberia do that a commis-
sioner cannot do? We send an officer to
Liberia—and no doubt at this time a colored
person will be selected—and what is he to do
there? Nothing of a diplomatic character.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 think the gentle man
■miflattderstands my motion. The committee
faas already struck out the word "commis-
sioner" and inserted "minister resident,"
making our representative there a minister
resident. My amendment is to change the
•appropriation so as to make his salary the same
as that of other officers of the same grade.
Mr. COX. Well, then, I still oppose it.
The hour of three o'clock p. m. having ar-
rived, the committee rose, and the Speaker
resumed the chair.
election contest newsham vs. byan.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
of the House, at three o'clockthe vote was to
be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] to lay upon the table
the motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldkidge] to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted the resolution de-
claring Mr. Newsham entitled to a seat as
Representative from the fourth district of
Louisiana.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
72, noes 64.
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 78, not voting
56 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnoll, Atwood, Banks,
Barry, Bennett, Benton, Bo-wen, George M. Brooks,
Buekley, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode,
Cowles, Cullom, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Finkelnburg, Garlield,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hays, Hcflin, Hoar,
Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McICee, Mcrcur, Elia-
kim H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent. Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stonghton, Strickland, Taft'e,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Upson, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker.
Wheeler, Whitmore, Williams, John T.Wilson, and
Witch er—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Axtell, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Bingham,
Bird, Blair, Booker, James Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cook, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Davis, Dawes.Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold.Haldeman, Hale, Ham-
ill, Hawkins, Hill, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones,Kerr,
Knott.Lewis, Marshall, May ham, McCrary, McGrew,
McKenzie, McNeely, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey,
Mungen, Niblack, Orth. Peters, Poland, Potter,
Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Sher-
rod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Trump, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Willard,
Winans. Winchester, and Wood—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Ambler,Armstrong,Ayer,
Barnum, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Farns worth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan, Haight, Hambleton, Hay,
Heaton, Hoge, Holman, Hooper, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kellogg, Ketcham, Loughridge, Lynch, McCor-
mick, Alilnea, William Moore. Samuel P. Morrill,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Porter, Randall, San-
ford, Schenck, Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Starkweather, Strader, Strong, Townsend, Tyner,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Wells, Wilkinson, Eugene
M. Wilson, and Woodward—56.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WOODWARD. I am paired with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Butler.
If here he would probably vote "ay," and I
would certainly vote "no."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I am paired
on this question with Mr. Townsend. If he
were here I am sorry to say he would vote
"ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. AYER. I am paired with Mr. Barncm.
I would have voted "ay" and he would have
voted " no."
Mr. FITCH. I am paired with Mr. Farns-
wokth. He would have voted "no" and I
would have voted "ay."
Mr. FERRY. I am paired with Mr. Ketcham.
He would have voted "no" and I would have
vbted "ay."
Mr. WILKINSON. I am paired with Mr.
Randall. He would have voted "no" and I
would have voted "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Louisiana (Mr. Newsham) is present, he will
be sworn in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to enter my protest
against that man being sworn in, because he
was not elected by the people, but by this
House. [Loud cries of "Order 1 " "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I knew I was not
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. J. P. Newsham then appeared and
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now
report the next paragraph, if no further amend-
ment shall be offered to this.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe an amendment
is pending which I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will
be taken on that amendment.
The amendment was to strike out "$4,000"
and to insert in lieu thereof " $7,500 so that
the paragraph will read:
For salary of minister resident and consul gen-
eral to Liberia, $7,500.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and the Chairman declared that it was adopted.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is pend-
ing.
Mr. COX. I was on the floor when the
committee rose a few minules ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is on
the floor now. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I am ou the floor now to sustain
my right8.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman as being on the floor to sustain
his rights. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COX. I took the floor to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.] i was about to proceed with
my remarks when the Speaker took the chair
under the order of the House, in order to pro-
ceed with the contested-election case. I now
move to amend the amendment by cutting
down the appropriation to $4,000, because I
do not think there is any necessity for having
a minister in Liberia to-day.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of the
Whole has just put in " minister resident."
Mr. COX. 1 am speaking of before the
committ.ee did that; having gone back to my
rights.
Mr. MAYNARD. That was done before
the committee rose.
Mr. COX. I will move to amend by striking
out " minister resident," so that 1 may con-
form my remarks to what has been done.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is, that
the Committee of the Whole has already struck
out "commissioner" and inserted "minister
resident;" and the committee has just changed
the compensation from $4,000 to $7,500, so as
to make this compensation correspond to that
of other ministers resident.
Mr. KELSEY. And it is on that last ques-
tion that I call for a division.
Mr. COX. I will save all trouble by moving
to strike out the entire paragraph. I wanted to
sustain, if I could, the gentleman who reports
this bill from the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Kelsey,] and keep the appropriation
down to $4,000; but the shrewdness of the
friend of economy from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] has prevented my doing so. 1 now move
to strike out the paragraph, because I can make
my remarks in no other way.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me to disavow the intended compliment
I will say that it was not the shrewdness of
"the gentleman from Tennessee," but the
rules of the House.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw the word "eco-
nomical I used it in an ironical sense. I want
to sustain the Committee on Appropriations in
giving but $4,000 to an officer to attend to our
commercial interests in Liberia. We have no
interests there except commercial interests.
We all know the early colonization schemes
have gone to the rearward and disappeared
from view entirely, and that the Colonization
Society is almost a dead and forgotten thing of
the past. We all know that the colored people
themselves who were formerly interested in
Liberia have lost that interest in consequence
of the aggrandizement of their franchises and
privileges in this country.
And now, that we in this country are in one
| sense Liberia, now that the negroes can obtain
S here all the privileges which it was intended
by Mr. Clay and others they should have in
.Liberia ; now that the negroes who went to
I Liberia have relapsed into barbarism almost
