1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4679
gentleman from New York [Mr. Reeves] will
press his amendment now.
Mi'. BEEVES. As I have accomplished my
principal object in calling attention to this
matter I will withdraw my amendment.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair for the purpose of
receiving a
MESSAGE FROM TilE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate No. 378,
to provide a national currency of gold notes,
and to equalize the distribution of circulating
notes, asks a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ;
and that Mr. Sherman, Mr. Wahxek, and Mr.
SritAcroE had been appointed as the conferees
oil the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested, a
bill of the House. No. 1828, making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1871.
The message further announced thatthe Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, of
the following title:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 205) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide internal
revenue, to support the Government, and for
other purposes, approved June 30, 1864.
JOINT RESOLUTION APPROVED.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Sec-
retaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed a joint resolution (II. 11.
No. 173) to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to collect wrecked and abandoned prop-
erty, derelict claims, and dues belonging to the
United States.
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session, and proceeded with the consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The Clerk read the following:
For fifty-four keepers of stations (it $200 each,
$10,800.
"Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
offer an amendment to the pending section.
Between lines thirty-eight and thirty-nine, on
page 3, insert as follows:
For pay of six experienced surfmen to man each
of the boats at the life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast from December 1 to March 1, to be ap-
pointed by the keepers thereof, at forty dollars per
month, $3),1&).
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose this amend-
ment, as a great many are offered in the com-
mittee, for the purpose of making a speech,
but because I want to see it adopted by this
House. 1 hope there will be no opposition to
the appropriation indicated iu the amendment
by any member upon this floor; ior it is just
and proper, and the end sought to be accom-
plished demanded by the highest o( considera-
tions. T desire to call the attention or J16!*1"
bers, and particularly the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes, J
to a brief statement of facts in regard to this
subject, which may not be generally known,
and which, in my judgment, will clearly justity
an appropriation. A
The attention of Congress was called to the
necessity of devising some means for the pres-
ervation of life and property on the xsew Jer-
sey coast in 1847, at which time an appropri-
ation was made, and life-saving stations built
from Sandy Hook to Egg Harbor. In
by an act of Congress, the Secretary ot the
Treasury was authorized to build auauioua
station-houses from Egg Harbor to Cape May.
There are now twenty-eight station-houses on
the New Jersey coast, from Sandy Hook o
Cape May. located some four miles apart.
Each station-house was furnished with a life-
boat, wreck-boat, mortar, balls, lines, wagon
to haul boats with, hawser, powder, anchors,
axes, saws, planes, and other life-saving appli-
ances. The law provided for the appointment
of one superintendent by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to look after these station-houses
and to see that they were properly kept and
supplied at all times with such things as would
be necessary to render them useful in cases of
wrecks. The general superintendent is author-
ized by the law, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to select a compe-
tent man, which in all cases should be a prac-
tical suri'man, for each station-house, to take
charge of the houses and to keep the property
in good condition to be used in case of wrecks
for the preservation of life and property. The
law is a just and humane one, and the appro-
priations made by Congress from time to time
to give the law force and effect have been the
means of rescuing from an untimely, sad, and
melancholy death many people, and have also
prevented the loss and destruction of much
property. The law as it now stands upon the
statute-book is very imperfect, and fails to
accomplish all tbat should be done in the direc-
tion of humanity.
I know, sir, that legislation, however wise
and statesmanlike, does not always at first
accomplish what is desired. We learn by ex-
periment, and improve iu laws by experience
and a more intimate knowledge of the facts
and the end to be attained. The law as it
now stands was probably the best that could
be devised at the time, because it was nothing
but an experiment. It has done all and more
than was expected; but now that results are
seen changes and improvements must and
should bo made. The law was enacted in the
interest of humanity, and the amendment [
now offer will give force to the law in the same
great interest. It may not be known, and
probably is not to all of the members of the
House, that a great portion of the mainland
along the New Jersey coast is separated from
the beach, which consists of a long, narrow
strip of barren, sandy land, by bays, rivers, and
inlets, which must be crossed before getting to
the station-houses. Why, Mr. Chairman, there
are localities along the New Jersey coast that
are so isolated in the winter season, 011 account
of the bays being frozen over, that for a dis-
tance of twelve to hlteen miles you cannot
raise a sufficient number ot men to man a surf-
boat. It is in this inclement season of the year
that most of the wrecks and the destruction to
life and property on the coast occurs.
The law and the appropriations that are made
only provide for one man at each of these sta-
tion-houses, who is known as the keeper, and
who receives $200 a year. The law does not
compel liim to stay there all the time, nor is pro-
vision made for that purpose ; but even if it did,
and the keeper of the station-house was pres-
ent all the time, lie would be helpless for good,
because not less than six men in eases of severe
storms can man and manage a life-boat, or
render any assistance to suffering men, women,
and children wrecked uponatreaeherous shore,
who stand in tears and sorrow on the dissolv-
ing wreck, or clinging with death-like tenacity
to some feeble stay, and anxiously watch the
shore for aid and assistance, but from whence
no aid can come, until all hope is gone and the
wreck is giving way beneath them; then, 111
sorrow and in prayer, they cast their eyes to
th<? treacherous waves beneath, to whose mer-
ciless grasp they are so soon to be consigned.
Mr, Chairman, at such a time they realize,
more truly than we do, that "life is like a
pendulum hung between heaven and earth;
death is sure aud inevitable. Many are saved
by a combination of circumstances ; more are.
lost, for want of men to manage and control
the car of life. If the wreck occurs in the day-
time the poor unfortunates are generally saveu ;
because the station-housekeeper is at his post,
and can summon enough of the citizens, many
of whom are fishermen and as good surfmen as
can be found in the country, to his assistance.
These fishermen and surfmen, it is true, are
not millionaires, nor do they live in ease or
luxury. They maintain and support them-
selves and their families from the wealth of
the waters; but they are as brave, as gallant,
and self-sacrificing a set of men as ever lived.
Without fee or reward, and in many cases with
taunt and calumuy as their only remuneration,
they face danger, and in many cases death, to
rescue the suffering and the dying from a pre-
mature grave. These men are often designated
in the public journals as "Barnegat pirates."
Those who thus characterize them do not know
their worth, nor can they appreciate the ser-
vices they render to the shipwrecked. Mr.
Chairman, in this connection I am reminded
of a piece of poetry that well describes the feel-
ings of those who are so unfortunate as to be
wrecked, and the satisfaction with which they
hail the news that fishermen and surfmen nre
coming to their rescue:
"When storm and darkness in their wrath sweep
o'er the solemn sea,
And weltering surgo and whelming waves arc
howling on the loo;
When the last beacon-light expires along t.he
treacherous shore.
And sounds the sailor's drowning shriek abovo the
breakers' roar;
"When the last prayer is on his lips, a.nd o'er his
sinking head
Thcwhirliugbillowsbearhimdownto sleep among
the dead,
Oh I in that hour of agony howweleoinc to his ear
To heal the shouts of Jeiseymen, and know that
help is nearl"
Mr. Chairman, every member of the House
who has paid any attention to the loss of life
by shipwrecks on the Atlantic coast must know
that a great majority of them occur between
the 1st of December and the 1st of March of
each year. The severe storms occur generally
111 the winter season. My amendment is in-
tended to have assistance at hand and aid ready
at this most dangerous and doubtful period.
Jt not only proposes to haveaid, but itprovides
for the best and most efficient; it provides tbat
they shall be surfmen—men who live on the
shore and arc familiar with it. The keepers of
the station-houses from experience know the
best and most reliable surfmen, and are com-
petent to select the proper persons to intrust
with this responsible duty. If my amendment
is adopted a sufiicient force will be on hand
night and day to assist and relieve the unfor-
tunate shipwrecked.
My amendment proposes to place this surf
crew only on the coast of New Jersey, Sta-
tistics will show, and it will not be denied, that
the loss of life and the destruction of property
upon the Atlantic coast has mainly occurred
on the coast from Sandy Hook to Barnegat
inlet. Not only is the shore more treacherous
atthispoint, butthere islessprotection afforded
to vessels in severe storms. All will admit tbat
where the most danger exists the greater cau-
tion should be taken. In the Fortieth Con-
gress I urged upon the Committee of Commerce
the necessity of cutting an inlet through from
the ocean to Barnegat bay, which would afford
a shelter and protection for vessels in heavy
storms, besides affording an outlet to the com-
merce of that section of the country, which
amounts to considerable, and which is rapidly
increasing as that portion of the country is
being developed and improved. _ Although I
asked for a moderate appropriation, and the
advantages to be derived admitted, yet it was
refused upon the ground of retrenchment in
public expenditures. Now, sir, I am as much
in favor of economy and retrenchment as any
member upon the floor of this House can lie,
and I think my votes will show that faet; but
1 do not wish to be met by that cry in this
matter, in view of appropriations made by this
very bill. Iu my judgment enough could be
taken from the different items 111 this bill to
make the appropriation 1 ask for, and the couu-
