1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
I oppose this charter, then, Mr. Speaker,
because it is not demanded by the necessities
of trade or travel; on the contrary, the public
wants are now and have always been fully met.
1 oppose it because it strikes at the constitu-
tional powers of the States and subverts the
theory upon which our internal improvement
system has been built up and fostered since the
origin of this Government. In my own State
aloue it places at the mcrcy of corporations to
be hereafter created, under provisions similar
to those contained in this bill, a capital of more
than sixty million dollars, which may be seri-
ously interfered with, if not rendered useless,
in an unequal competition where ike Govern-
ment becomes a voluntary party.
I oppose it because it will prove the most
formidable and alarming of all the measures
which have yet been resorted to in that fear-
ful march of consolidation and centralization
which has already reduced the States to the
condition of dependencies upon the will of the
central power, in the face of constitutional
guarantees and the form of government as
established by our fathers. I oppose it because
it strengthens the arm of the central power, as
against the people, by investing it with absolute
control not only over the soil of the States, but
the whole internal improvement system of the
country, with itsuntold capital and its armies of
retainers; and I oppose it because it effectually
destroys and renders obsolete those checks
and balances which have preserved the equi-
librium of our complex system in its struggles
against usurpation, and without which we must
soon relapse into anarchy and disorganization.
Mr. TWICHELL. Will the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swan's] yield to me that I may
make a motion ?
Mr. SYVANN. Howmuchtime, Mr.Speaker,
have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Three minutes.
Mr. SWANN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This comes out of the
gentleman's time.
The SPEAKER. It must.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
Monday, the 11th day of April next. That is
thirty days from this time.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to make a statement.
I hope that this motion will not be adopted 
Mr. TWICHELL. I insist on my motion,
and call for the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have the right, I be-
lieve, to move to lay the motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right; but if the House should lay on the table
the motion to postpone it will carry the bill
with it. Does the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] move that the motion to post-
pone be laid on the table ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do. And let it be
regarded as a test vote whether the House
wants to entertain this bill any longer or not.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able. The question is on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to postpone.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, the motion
I have submitted accords with my own wish in
this matter; but as my friends appeal to me to
withdraw it, I do so.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is on
seconding the demand for the previous question
on the motion to postpone.
On the question there were—ayes 54, noes
55; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Twichell and Mr.
Ingersoll.
TheHouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes CO, noes 64.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
TheSPEAKER. The question is, "Shall the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
till Monday, April 11?"
e Mr. INGERSOLL. On tjiat question I call
•or the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas Gl, nays 93, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Arnell, Barnum,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Booker, George M.
Brooks, Burr, Cessna, Cleveland, Cox. Crebs, Dick-
inson, Dox.Eldridge.Getz, Griswold.Haight.Halde-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins,
Hill, Ilolman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Ivelley,
11 Kellogg, Knott, Luflin, May ham, McCormick, jlc-
I JNcely, Mercur, Morgan, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
, 1 otter. Heading, Reoves, Ricc, Rogers, Sherrod,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van Trump, William B.
\v ashburn, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Asper, Atwood,
Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Blair,
Boles, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burcliard,
Burdett, Cake, Churchill, Amasa Cobb. Clinton L.
Cobb. Cook, Conger, Cullom, Dockery. Donley, Du-
val, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Garfield, Hamilton, Ilawlcy, llay, Ileaton, lleflin,
lloar, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones. Judil,
Julian, Knnpp, Lash, Loughridge, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKee, Eliakim II. Moore. Jesse 11. Moore,
William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
; Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, itoots, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel .^Sheldon, John
I A. Smith, Wortliington C. Smith, William Smyth,
I Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Ward, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Wil-
I lard. Williams, and Winans—93.
i NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Axtell,
j Bailey, Benton, Bingham, Bowen, James Brooks,
j Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
1 Clarko, Coburn, Covode, Cowles, Davis, Dawes,
, Dickey, Dixon. Dyer. Ela, Farnsworth, Fox, Gib-
son, Giltillan, Hays, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Kel-
;i sey, Kerr, Iietcham, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch,
i Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, Milnes,
, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
[ Porter, Randall, ltidgway, Schenck, Schumaker,
I Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slocuin, William J. Smith,
| Stevens. Strader, Sweeney, Tyner, Upson, Van
| Horn, Van Wyck, Voorliees, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, JohnT. Wilson, Winchester, and Witcher—60.
j During the roll-call,
Mr. GETZ said: My colleague, Mr. Ran-
, dall, is absent on account of the death of a
relative. If he were here he would vote in
. favor of the postponement of this bill.
!! The result of the vote was announced as
|l above stated.
| Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to offer an
jj amendment to this bill, which I think is per-
fectly proper, and will render the measure
satisfactory to many who now oppose it. I
move to amend as follows:
Add to section seven the following:
And either party may appeal from the award thus
made to the district court of the United States of the
district, or to the supreme oourt of the District of
Columbia, as theease may be, such appeal to bo taken
within twenty days of the finding of the award, and
to be taken by the service of notice on the opposite
party. But sueh appeal shall not prevent the com-
! pany from entering upon the property in contro-
1 versy, provided the amount of the award is deposited
; with the clerk of the court for the owner of the
j property.
' After the word "aot" in line seventeen of section
three insert the following:
And shall be kept open at least twenty days ; and
if at the expiration of the twenty days more than
the amount of $10,000,000 is subscribed, the excess
shall be deductod from the largest subscriptions in
such manner as to equalize tho subscriptions as far
! as such deduction will allow.
: At the end of the bill add the following:
i Sec. 16. Congress may at any time change, alter,
! or amend this act.
j Mr. INGERSOLL. Before the vote is taken
on that proposition, I desire to ask for a sep-
arate vote on each part of it. And I wish to
have read a proposition drawn up by my col-
league, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. I wish to submit an amend-
ment to the proposition.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I do not yield for
that purpose. I demand the previous question
on the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the demand for
the previous question will not be seconded. 11
ought to be debated, as it provides the manner
in which condemnation of property shall take
place. The gentleman has introduced the
amendment, and now calls for the previous
question without any comment on the propo-
sition.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I simply change the
bill in this respect. The bill gives no right to
appeal. My amendment gives the party whose
preperty is condemned the right, to appeal to
the district court, with a trial by a jury. That
is only right and just. It does not stop pro-
ceedings. It merely allows the party the right
to appeal.
My next provision gives Congress the right
to amend, alter, or change this act at any time.
I also provide that this company shall not give
away the stock, but that every one shall have
the right to come forward and subscribe for
i stock.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Where does that amend-
ment come in?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment and the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ihopethattheprevious
question will not be seconded on the bill and
amendment. I have some amendments to
offer. If the gentleman has taken charge of
the bill, well and good.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The gentleman would
not allow me to move my amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 77.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
The morning hour having expired, the bill
! went over till Tuesday morning next.
deduction of tiie army.
Mr. LOGAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness after the morning hour is the considera-
tion of the special order, being House bill No.
987, to reduce the number of officers in the
I Army of the United States, and for other pur-
| poses, reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It was understood yesterday that
after the gentleman from Illinois should make
his speech the bill should be considered as in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union under the five-minutes rule,
j Mr. LOGAN addressed the House in ex-
| planation and support of the bill. [His speech
j will be published in the Appendix.]
! message from tiie sena-te.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDox-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had passed bills and a joint resolution of the
: following titles; in which the concurrence of
| the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 630) to consolidate the north-
| ern and southern judicial districts in the State
j of Florida;
I A bill (S. No. 487) to provide for the pay-
| ment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services in car-
rying the United States mails; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide
for a survey and estimates of cost of removing
i obstructions from the bayou Teche, in the State
| of Louisiana.
! The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment the bill (H.
R. No. 207) to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of a portion of the Fort
! Gratiot military reservation in St. Clair county,
I in the State of Michigan," approved July 20,
I 1868.
j reduction of tiie army—again.
! Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Illi-
! nois [Mr. Logan] has closed his remarks, I
1 ask him if he will not yield to me to move to
go into Committee of the Whole on tho state
of the Union on the deficiency bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the gentleman
that unless there is a general disposition in the
House to discuss this bill or to fight it there
will be no difficulty about the deficiency bill
coming up. It will not take long to dispose
i of this bill one way or the other.
; The SPEAKER. The House ordered, by
unanimous consent, that after the gentleman
from Illinois should have made his exposition
touching the bill it should be considered as
in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union under the five-minutes rule. The
