1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2791
were entertained, was killed, and his house
was burned down. Thereupon a reign of
violence began in that parish, and the negroes
were slaughtered by scores. Over a hundred
of them were killed, wounded, or otherwise
maltreated in that little parish alone.
There was no election held, but the Demo-
cratic sheriff went through the forms of an
election, and when he was on the stand he tes-
tified—being himself a Democrat—that if there
had been a peaceable election Grant would
have carried the parish; and yet but two votes
were cast in the parish for Grant.
Then there were the parishes of St. Helena
and Washington. These two parishes lie up in
the northeast corner of the State, on the Mis-
sissippi line. Mississippi was then unrecon-
structed and in the hands of the Kuklux, and
the Ivuklux came down on these two parishes.
At all events the Democrats of those parishes
said that those Kuklux came from Mississippi,
But they kukluxed one poor man, a colored
man. and found his ax which he had hidden
under the floor of his house. He thought it
a little strange that men who had come from a
distance of fifty miles should know where his
ax was. They kukluxed this poor man. He
escaped and fled to the swamps. They came
into his house in terrible disguise, robed in
white sheets, and they fired off their pistols,
took away the voting tickets that were in the
house, and so frightened the man's little boy
that to this day he has spasms, and in his
spasms he cries out, "Kuklux, papa, Kuklux I "
They took some of the leading men out of
their houses to the woods and killed them.
Others disappeared—were spirited away, and
have never been heard of since. It is one of
the saddest things in these southern massacres
that men disappear in this way and are never
again heard of. The fact that there is no posi-
tive information as to their fate is one of the
greatest miseries to their families and their
friends. Of course they are dead, and it is a
matter of indifference to them how they died ;
but to the aching hearts they leave behind this
uncertainty is one of the saddest features of
these outrages.
They burned a school-house which the ne-
groes had built for themselves, and where a
white woman was teaching. They drove her
away by threatening to cut her ears off if they
found her there. They turned the little chil-
dren out, took the benches and crammed them
down a well, and then the next night the build-
ing, which was used not only as a school-house
but as a church, was burned down. They
passed resolutions in their mass meetings for-
bidding the merchants to sell to any man who
would vote the Republican ticket, the lawyer
to defend him, the doctor to treat him for
sickness. They refused to grind corn for a
Republican who stood up for his principles, and
compelled a brave colored man to go twenty-
five miles to get corn ground for his family.
He happened to find a Union soldier who had
a little steam-mill down there. They com-
mitted all these outrages in these two parishes
which adjoin each other, and the result was
that, outside of a single precinct of one of
them where there was a company of eighty
soldiers, only two votes were cast for the
Republican ticket, while in Washington parish
there were none.
The gentleman talks about registration and
all that. Men were prevented from registering
by fear, and others after they had registered
were compelled to join Democratic clubs from
fear. I here exhibit a lithographic protection
nuper. At the head of it is the word "protec-
tion," and beneath it the American eagle is
displayed. It then reads as follows:
186—.
Xft. —
This is io certify th$t — *-—
the Democratic club of the •
is a member of
ward, and is
or a hearing at the bar of the House.
At the said election the votes casfcia the sev-
eral parishes comprised within the district and
returned to the secretary of State were for the
respective candidates as follows:
St. Martin, Sifpker.
Orleans, fourth, fifth, sixth, sev-
enth, eighth, and ninth Repre-
sentative districts    8,509
Orleans, right bank, Algiers........ Vol
St. Bernard      473
St Helena   3,094
St. Tammany  703
Washington  656
Livingston  670
Plaquemine  272
80
780
471
U'J
1,330
Total  12,514
2,948
the jL/emoerauo ciuu ui mc    «au, ^
entitled to the friendship, confidence, and protection
01 all good Democrats.   resident.
Appioved: I'. Xj. MACON,
President Democratic. Central. Committee.
These were shed like leaves throughout the
State of Louisiana, by thousands. A man was
compelled to join a Democratic club and take
that protection or he could not live ; he could
not remain there. And not satisfied with that
they had another protection paper which was
issued at the polls on the day of the election,
and which reads as follows:
1498i. No. 11.—Protection paper.
November 3,18G3.
State oe LoUisiaxa, Parish of St. Helena:
This is to certify that Joseph Hyacinth at the
presidential election of this date did vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket.
J. B. McOLENDON,
President of Democratic Executive Committee.
It was proved before the committee—I have
not time to read the testimony—that those two
protection papers were, necessary. First, a
man must join a Democratic club and get a
certificate, and then he was told that that would
not save him, but that if he did not vote, and
vote the Democratic ticket, he would be killed
after the election just as much as before it. A
man had to have double-plated protection
against the Kuklux. On this subject I refer
to the testimony of Mumford Macoy, who is
the witness who testifies that men were com-
pelled to vote the Democratic ticket, and col-
ored men were seen voting it with tears in
their eyes.
How much of my time remains ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Fifteen
minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. L yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for ten minutes,
and then I will move the previous question and
divide the closing hour with the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I hope 1 will not
be considered discourteous to the House when
I say that 1 rise to present this case from my
stand-point with mingled feelings of sadness
and humiliation. I appreciate the fact at the
inception of this argument that nothing I can
say will do any good. It will be labor in vain.
I fear the result will involve a great outrage
on the people of Louisiana. J cau scarcely
hope that I shall be able to fix the attention of
gentlemen of the majority in this House on the
material, leading, controlling facts in this case,
aud by which its decision should be determ-
ined j but, notwithstanding, it is my duty to
make the attempt, and under an imperative
sense of duty alone I shall endeavor to do it.
Mr. Speaker, it is a most significant fact,
and I want every honest man here to bear it
in mind, that my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Stevexson] is willing to rely, I am afraid,
upon that common stock of slanders, indis-
criminate, baseless, and foolish cries against
the "Kuklux" and the "K. W. (J." through-
out the South, to conceal even from his own
political friends on the other side of the House
the great facts in this case; else, I ask, why is
it that in his report he has not informed this
House how many men were registered in this
first district in Louisiana, how many men
voted, or how many votes either of the candi-
dates received at that election? Have these
important facts been purposely concealed or
withheld from the House'.' If they have not,
it becomes my colleague to explain to the
House why it is that they are not stated in his
report. Their extreme materiality must be
apparent to all members. Without them the ^
House cannot act intelligently or judicially. It j'
will beat sea, and constantly liable to go astray |
and do great wrong both to principle and parties, i
He very cunningly forgot also_ to inform the ,
House that Mr. Louis St. Martin, who claims j
this seat, holds the Governor's certificate that ,,   *vi,ipnrp be-
hp was lee-allv elected and not only tnat he 1 vole. 1 here being, however, no evidence De
1 waskgallyeleycted?but that after rejecting oil lj fore the committee to sustain the sa_pp_oMtion,
the illegal votes and the votes of all the dis-
orderly parishes and parts ot the .district he
was still elected by a majority of (553 votes. He
came here with that certificate, aim lias been
compelled to dance attendance upon this House
until more than half the lifetime of this Congress
Showing a majority for St. Martin of 9,5(>0
votes. (See returns in evidence, part 2, pages
570 to 588.)
The votes castat the following polls for some
reason were not included in said returns,
namely: ill parish of Orleans, polls Nos. 1, 2,
3, 4, precinct 10 ; polls Nos. 2,3, precinct 11;
poll No. 8, precinct 18; poll No. 1, precinct
19, and poll No. 1, precinct 1, right bank ; in
parish Plaquemine, polls of precincts 4, 7, 8,
0. The returns of the votes cast at sundry of
these omitted polls, as made by the commis-
sioners of election who presided thereat, have
been put in evidence, (part 2, pages 674, 675,
G7G, 077, G7B, 681,) and show the following
result, namely:
Parish of Orleans. St. Martin. Sl/pher.
Poll No. 1. precinct 1, right bank... 649
Poll No. 1, precinct 10, lifth ward,
New Orleans  414
Poll No. 4, precinct j0, lifth ward,
New Orleans  830
Poll No. 2, preemct 11, tilth ward,
New Orleans  279
Poll No. 3. precinct 11. lilth ward,
New Orleans   
Poll No. 3. precinct 18, ninth ward,
New Orleans 
Poll No. 1, precinct 19, ninth ward,
New Orleans 
And also poll No. a, precinct 10, fifth
ward. Now Orleans, as per follow-
ing tally-return by the commis-
sioners of elections presiding
thereat, in evidence. (Mis. Doc.
Hi,parti first session Forty-Mrst
Congress) 
296
359
288
119
1
1
2
2
2
8
Totals.
133
llehtrrts of an election held at poll No. % precinct, 10
parish of Orleans, on Tuesday, November 2, 1868.
Presidential 'Electors.
. 280
George W. Ttaeo,
W. I''. Blackmail  gg;
Anthony Bainbola  jg|J
M. 13. Brady 
Oiarencc Ward - 
f5. J. Powell......   280
Frederick J[. uoodncn  ■ '
H. A. SoutUworth  f,
J5. F. Joubcrt  -
A. L. Lee  f;
J. M. <}. Parker...  %
P. G. Deslonde  ^
Jlarry    "
11. It. Steele  -
Members of Congress.
Louis St. Martin  280
J. II. Sypher ^  1
ItENE GUTIERREZ,.
Commissioner of Election.
WILLIAM DUKE. .
Jurf(/e of hlccUon.
II. LAEORGUE. ttj .
Commissioner of Llcchon.
Of tho foregoing, the return from poll No.
1, precinct 1, right bank, is objected to and
I reported against by the supervisors of the pre-
| cinct, on the ground that some few persons,
supposed not legal voters, were permUted^to
the return is as rightly entitled to be received
and the votes counted as the return from any
unchallenged poll. x\lso, the return of the
commissioners of election from poll No. 1,
precinct 19, was rejected by the supervisors
of the precinct, on the ground of alleged open-
