1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3735
The CHAIRMAN. It opens a very wide
door for discussion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was proceeding to state,
wlt?n interrupted, that these colonists had
oi£«iti*eU a regular republican government in
Liberia. They have a population uot sparser
thin-, some States of this L'nion have when they
tt.sk lor representation in this Ilouse. I was
about to observe that their State papers com-
puted lavorahlv wiih the public documents of
people who claim to he inucU more advanced.
Ptev are our own countrymen. They have gone
10 the coast of Africa, and organized a repub-
lican government, which is and has been pro-
pressing successfully. They are the brothers, the
►mis, and the sisters of many ofourown people.
Ami we have more interest in them than we
have in the people of Hayti, to whom we send
a minister resident with a salary of $7,500. I
nay why not recognize this young, this prosper-
ous, ibis rising republic, sprung from our own
community, and an honor and credit to the
American people and to American civiliza-
tion? W hy not recognise that republic with
the same consideration as that with which you
recognite the republic of Hayti, whose people
no doubt are nearer us, but with whom we have
no special affiliation or connection. I trust
thut gentlemen will consider the matter very
carefully before they undo what has been done,
I think wisely and beneficially done, aud I
have no doubt with the most favorable results.
It will be remembered that some two or
three sessions ago I introduced a proposition
Into this Ilouse that our representative to
Liberia should be taken from our colored
population. This proposition went to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, aud did not receive
much attention at the time. But it has com-
mended itself to the wisdom of the present
Administration, and they have acted upon it,
and our representatives to both those repub-
lics are now selected from the colored race.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
M r. G A RF1ELD, of Ohio. Why should we
double or nearly double the salary that is now
paid to the representative of the L nited States
in Liberia, as proposed by this amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman might as
well inquire why not cut down by one half the
salaries of all the ministers resident?
Mr. GABFIELD, of Ohio. Hitherto we
have not paid more than $4,000 for the services
rendered in this place by oar commissioner or
consul general, or whatever else you choose to
name him. It is now proposed to double that
amount, and I should like to know the reason
why?
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will re-
member that this mission has been recently
established. It will be recollected moreover
that there is an element of citizenship in this
country which some of us appreciate if the
fntleman from Ohio has not learned to do so.
think the gentleman will comprehend this
before he returns to Congress, and will dis-
cover an argument that will commend itself to
bis mind.
Mr. POTTER. Iam satisfied that the com-
mittee did not understand the effect of the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayxard] which changed this commis-
sioner to Liberia into a minister resident.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon, that was not my amendment. That
came from the Committee on Appropriations,
and was moved by the gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Kelset] who reported the bill. My
amendment was—after the committee had de-
cided that there should be a minister resident- —
to make his salary $7,500, the same as the
salaries of other ministers resident.
Mr. POTTER. To thatincrease I altogether
object. This House refused last week to send .
a minister resident to Rome, and after that
refusal I say it is an act of the grossest impro-
priety to send a minister resident to a place I
like Liberia, npon the coast of Africa. There
is nothing in its population, nothing in its com-
merce, nothing in its proportions, nothing in
the_dignity of its position to justify any such
action, ft would bo taken, and rightly "taken,
as an intended insult to that great Power to
which we have refused to send a minister res-
ident it, utter its action with reference to
Rome, the House should raise this messenger
to Liberia from a consul tourainister resident,
at the same time doubling his salary.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the paragraph will
be stricken out if the gentleman from lennes-
see insists on his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
formal amendment is exhausted.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw it, and ask for
a vote on the paragraph.
^Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ivei.sry] will yield to me for a
moment I will renew the formal amendment.
I desire to~say that the name " commissioner"
does not happen to conform to the statute.
The State Department requested us to change
that word, without chnnging the compensation
at all. At the suggestion of my colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Kel-
sky] the Committee of the Whole have changed
the word, without changing the character of
the mission or the amount of the salary. But
now the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
Narii] proposes to put the mission on a par
with the $7,500 missions. I do not know why
he makes this proposition. 1 do not want to
be uncharitable, but it looks very much as if
prompted by a motive similar to that which
prompted the amendment to insert a mission
to Rome. There is no propriety in it. Liberia
is a place about as large as one of our congres-
sional districts, and I wish to treat the mis-
sion to Liberia just as it has been treated
hitherto, and as the State Department now
desires it to be treated. The gentleman from
Tennessee asks us to raise the salary to $7,600
for no other reason that I can conceive of thau
that which he suggested when he said there is
an element in the question which even the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will appre-
ciate after the next election. If the gentleman
insists on holding the committee to the amend-
ment raising the salary to $7,500, I will move
to strike out the paragraph, and allow the
salary to be fixed as the law directs.
Mr. ROOTS. Does the gentleman mean to
say that that was the only reason urged by the
gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. DAWES. I have not intimated any
such thing. I say it looks to me like that.
Does the gentleman from Arkansas say it does
not look to me like that? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROOTS. I cannot say how it looks to
you. k
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the paragraph will
be stricken out, and now I ask unanimous con-
sent that all debate on the paragraph be closed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. The matter can be fixed in
the Senate if we strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The formal amendments being withdrawn,
the question was taken on the motion to strike
out the paragraph; and it was agreed to—ayes
77, noes 88.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as follows:
At London and Paris, 82.625 each.
At St. Petersburg,Madrid, Berlin, Florence, Vien-
na, Bio Janeiro, and Mexico, 81,800 each.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the last
paragraph by striking out the word "and"
where it occurs before " Mexico" and insert-
ing after " Mexico " the words " and Pekin."
The mission to China is one of the most im-
portant of all our foreign missions, and it is of
the same grade as the missions at St. Peters-
burg, Madrid,and Berlin,and it is fair to presume
that in that distant country and among those
people it. is important that there should be a
secretary at the legation. I was very forcibly
impressed with the remark of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] made in this House
a few days since, tha^the time is rapidly coming
when, as between ourselves and the people of
Europe, these officers will irot be found neces-
sary to perfect and carry oil our intercourse.
Where the telegraph is active, where the lan-
guage is the same, where visiting is frequent,
steamers leaving our shores and theirs every
day carrying numbers of citizens to and iro,
it is not so important, and perhaps by and by
will not be of any importance, that we should
have resident ministers and a full corps of
officers* But in Asia, and with this great, peo-
ple speaking a language entirely different from
ours, and where our means of knowledge are
almost entirely confined to that which we ob-
tain from our minister, it is highly important,
not only that we should have a first-class mis-
sion, but that it should be sustained liberally
in every respect, secretary included.
This is perhaps the most important mission
we have to-day, not that this is the most im-
portant country, but owing to the fact which I
have started in respect to our limited knowledge
about the great empire of China, and in view
of the fact that it is asserted and believed in the
State which I in part represent, and the city
from which I come, by a large number of peo-
ple, that a slave trade is being established be-
tween our country and that country, and that
large numbers of Chinese are being imported.
Hence it becomes of the greatest importance
that we should maintain that relationship with
that country that will give uscorrectand exact
information of the facts in this case ; give us
information as to the habits and the policy of
that country; give us that information which
will enable U3 to conduct our commorcial and
mercantile relations with that country in such
a manner as to be advantageous to ourselves,
and, if possible, in such a manner as to sup-
press this slave trade. It is of vast importance
that this mission to China, which has been
made by this Congress a first-class mission,
should be supplied with all that is necessary,
not only to maintain the honor and dignity of
our flag in that country, but to afford us that
kind of information and that kind of knowledge
of the designs and policy of that Government
which will enableusto suppress this coolie trade
and to establish at the same time sound com-
mercial relations with that great empire.
Mr. BENTON. I understand the gentle-
man to state that a system of slavery has been
instituted, and thatindividuals have been taken
from China and brought to this country and
subjected to a system of slavery. Is that the
idea which the gentleman advances?
Mr. AXTELL. In answer to the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] I will say
that it is asserted, ana generally believed by
the people on the western coast, that this coolie
trade is a system of slave trade; and I say it
is important that we should, through our min-
ister resident at China, obtain all the facts in
regard to that matter. I regret that with ref-
erence to so importaut a mission the provision
for a secretary of legation has been omitted.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California. This
bill makes the usual appropriation for inter-
preter of the legation to China, and if the
gentleman had turned to the statute he would
have found that the Secretary of Legation fills
also the place of interpreter. The committee,
at the suggestion of the State Department,
have instructed me to move, when we reach
the legation to China, an amendment which
will make the law exactly as it stood last year.
It is proper I should add that the bill is re-
Eorted in the shape in which it now appears,
ecause of the form in which the estimates
came to us. Last year an appropriation of
$5,000 was made for secretary of legation and
interpreter. This year an estimate was sent to
