1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
bill will now be read by sections for amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the first section of the bill
as follows:
Be it enacted lit the Senate and House of liepretenta-
tivet of the United IStatef pf America  'n Congre   a  «tn-
bled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to assemble a board, to con-
sist of onemajorgeneral, two brigadier generals, and
two colonels, who were in active service in the Army
during the lata war, two or more of said officers to
be selected from among those appointed to positions
in the regular Army on account of distinguished ser-
vice in the volunteers. It shall be the duty of said
board to examine fully into the military record, qual-
ifications, and general fitness of all officers of the
Army, whether of the line or staff, below therank of
brigadier general, and upon suoh examination to
recommend for appointment or transfer to vaoanoies,
or retention in the positions of present assignment in
the staff oorps and departments, orin the regiments of
artillery.cavalry.orinfantry, such officers as theboard
may decide to be best fitted to fill the same, on account
of previous aotive service, willingness to continue to
do duty, and moral standing. The commanding offi-
cer of each of the several military departments and
chiefs of the several staff departments of the United
States shall, as soon as practicable after the passage
of this act, forward to the Secretary of War, for the
information of said board, a list of officers serving
in, or borne on the rolls of, their respective depart-
ments, whether of the line or staff, who, by reason
of inexperience, inefficiency, immoral conduct, or
other cause, have given evidence of want of adapta-
tion to the military service, and who, for the reasons
above mentioned, can, without detriment to the ser-
vice, be mustered out of the Army. The board shall
report theirrecomme<. do lions when determined upon
to the President, and the President, provided he shall
approve said report, is hereby authorised to make
and order such transfers, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make such appoint-
ments as he shall deem proper, of the officers so
recommended, to vacancies then existing in the line
or staff, or which may occur within the space of six
months thereafter. And all of the said officers who
shall not be so recommended by said board for trans-
feror appointment, shall,from and aftertheapproval
of said report by the President, be honorably mus-
tered out of tho Army of the United States. And also
all officers whose names are in the list so recom-
mended by said board, who shall not be transferred
or appointed as aforesaid by the President within said
space of six months, shall in like manner be honor-
ably mustered out of the Army of the United States:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act, and until the end of said term of six months, no
transfers or appointments shall be made except from
the list so recommended to the President by said
board.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment to that section.
Mr. DAWES. Before the amendment is
offered, if my colleague will allow me, I desire
to suggest to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] that there will be a number of amend-
ments offered to this bill and considerable
debate upon them, and I ask him whether he
will not let me move to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
deficiency bill?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I do not think many
amendments will be offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment, to which I think the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will agree. It is to insert at the end of line
twenty-nine on page 2 the following:
Bat snch report shall set oat the instances of such
inexperience, inefficiency^ immoral conduct, or other
cause of want of adaptation to the military service
upon which the report is bonded in each case spe-
cifically, which report shall be open to publio inspec-
tion.
I will state the reason why I offer that amend-
ment. I find in the section this provision :
The commanding officer of eaoh of the several
military departments an4 chiefs of the several staff
departments of the United States shall, as soon as
practicable after the passage of this act, forward to
the Secretary of War, for the information of said
board, a list of officers serving in, or borne on the
rolls of their respective departments, whether of the
line or staff, who, by reason of inexperience, ineffi-
ciency, immoral conduct, or other cause, have given
evidence of want of adaptation to the military ser-
vice, anil who, for the reasons above mentioned, can,
without detriment to the servioe, be mustered out or
the Army,
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that I have
no objection at all to his amendment. I am
perfectly willing that it should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
another amendment to move to this section, to
which I think every gentleman will agree. I
move to add to this section the following:
And provided further. That said board shall not
hold its sessions within five hundred miles of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia.
I will state briefly my reason for this amend-
ment. This board of officers are to pass upon
every officer of the Army. Now, if they sit in
Washington those officers who are here in the
various staff departments will have an advan-
tage over other officers of the Army in securing
their retention in the service.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, I
i will agree that we will have men on this board
who will be as impartial and a3 fair as is the
lot of humanity. Bat if the board sit here in
Washington there will be all the staff in Wash-
ington, with all the appliances of social life
and the prestige of official position brought to
bear upon the officers of this board every day
and every hour in favor of themselves and their
friends, while the officer who is fighting the
Indians on the plains or guarding the rights
and lives of citizens in the southern States will
have no friend at court. For that reason I
desire that the board shall not hold its sessions
here. I do not desire to name any specific
place where it shall hold its sessions. But I
ara only urging what the General of the Army
himself has found necessary. He has called a
board of officers to determine upon the best
ordnance, the best arms, and the best accqu-
I terments for the Army: and in order to pro-
; tect the board from the pressure of claim
agents and others in Washington, and of Army
1 officers who have favorite arms of their own,
he has ordered the board to hold its sessions
in St. Louis. And to ray certain knowledge
the General of the Army has refused steadily
to allow any officer to go to St. Louis to sub-
mit his case to the board, because he did not
want the board to act under that pressure.
Now, I do not want this examining board to be
subjected to any-such pressure. I want fair
play; I want the officers on the frontiers to
have the same chance before that board that
officers will have who are in the staff depart-
ments in the city of Washington. Ana be-
sides, I do not want the board to sit under
the influence of the General of the Army,
however much I may respect him; nor under
the influence of the Secretary of War, much
as I respect him. I want the board to sit at
some other place than Washington. I would
like to fix the place at Omaha; any place where
the officers of the board can be free from any
influences, except simply the record of the
officer as it shall appear specifically set out
before them for their adjudication.
I offer this amendment with no design to
cast any slur on this bill, with the most of
which I agree. I have no design tQ intimate
any want of confidence in the officers who may
compose this board. I propose merely what
I should desire if I was to be a member of the
board. I should want to be shut up as cardi-
nals are when they elect a pope, so that no
man could get near me until I got through my
duties—or woman either, as a friend near me
suggests. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I appreciate the motives of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] who is desirous of having a fair board,
and of having everything done for the benefit
of the officers. But the difficulty is this: the rec-
ord of every officer of the Army is here in the
War Department; and if you establish the exam-
ining board anywhere else than here in Wash-
ington you will have to send all the records to
where jt is in session, which it would be almost
impossible to do. We have considered all these
things in connection with this matter. The city
of Washington is the only place where the Army
records are ; and inasmuch as the judgment of
the board must be formed absolutely upon the
records, which are in the War Department in this
city, I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts;
and it was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
first section.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any officer
transferred under tho provisions of this act to fill a
vacancy of the grade previously held by him shall
i take rank in such grade from the dato of his com-
mission, and not from tho dato of transfer or the dato
of tho commission of the officer whoso muster-out
caused the vacancy.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the offices of
General and Lieutenant General of the Army shall
continue until a vacancy shall occur in the same and
no longer; and when such vacancy shall occur in
either of said offices, immediately thereupon all laws
and parts of laws creating said office shall become
inoperative, and shall by virtue of this act from
thenceforward bo construed as repealed.
No amendment was offered.
j The next section was read, as follows:
! Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That after the 1st
day of September, 1870, there shall be only throo
major generals; and the President shall, within ten
! days preceding said date, select, without regard to
seniority, the three major generals to remain in
commission, and the others shall be mustered out of
the service of the United States on said date.
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend by striking
out the fourth section of this bill. I had hoped
that some abler and more experienced member
of the House, who could state the objections
to this measure better than I can do, would
submit this motion. I will state briefly my
reasons for submitting the amendment. If
this section be incorporated in the bill the
President of the United States will be com-
pelled to remove a portion of those officers
who are now holding the position of major
generals, a position conferred upon them in
view of the services which they rendered to the
country during the late war. The fact that
they rendered to the country meritorious and
highly valuable services, for which they were
promoted to the positions they now occupy,
will operate to their disadvantage. In conse-
quence of this promotion they will be thrown
out upon the world to obtain support as best
they can in some other pursuit than the pro-
fession to which they have been trained.
The President of the United States under
this section will be compelled to remove from
the Army one of the following nftmed officers:
General Halleck, General Meade, General
Thomas, General Hancock, and General Scho-
field. Now, sir, for one I am unwilling to see
any of these Officers turned out of the Army.
I believe that the country is indebted to them
for their services in the late war. It is in a
great measure because of their services that
wo have a country for which to legislate, and
we ought not by our legislation to aim at them
this blow. I believe it is due to these officers
that they should be retained in their present
positions, or should be assigned to others
equally good. I do not believe that the senti-
ment of the country demands that they should
be mustered out. I am willing to consent to
the reduction of pay which will be brought
about by this bill; but after their long and
valuable services in the Army, I for one am
unwilling to see these men deprived of the
means ot earning their livelihood in that pro-
fession to which they have devoted the best
years of their lives.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to say bnt a word in
answer to the gentleman. In providing for
mustering out part of these major generals the
committee certainly did not intend to make
any attack upon any of them. I could perhaps
name one of them about whose removal I
think the country would not make much noise.
I do not know anything about his ''long.ser-
vice to the country." He was a civilian for a
long time before the war, and I heard of no
brilliant achievements of his during the war.
But I did not want to say even this much. I
do not know that lie would be the one who
