1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
would be mustered out. All that we desire to
say as a committee is that in our opinion three
major generals are a sufficient number for such
an army as we ought to maintain in time of
peace. And it is just as proper to muster out
officers of this grade as to muster out captains
or colonels, for the dropping of whom we have
provided in the parts of the bill already passed.
\\*c lmve provided that five hundred officers
shall be mustered out; and no gentleman made
any noise about it when;the sections were read
because those officers happened to be captains
and lieutenants. But when we touch a major
general, we stir up the feathers of somebody ; j
vet these major generals are no be'ter than j
the captains and the colonels.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask at the proper
time permission to return to section three for
the purpose of offering an amendment. I
assumed that the bill was beingread for the first
time, and that it would be read afterward by
sections for amendment. As, however, section
four is now pending, I move to amend by sub-
stituting for it the following:
That there shall be no promotions to the grade of
major general until tho number of officers of this
grade on the active list shall be reduced to three.
After the number is so reduced, promotions to this
grade shall be made in the manner now provided for
by law.
Mr. PLATT. In view of the proposition
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] I withdraw my motion to strike
out the section.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say one word
in support of this proposition. I am as earn-
est an advocate for economy as the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. But I
remember that we owe some debts to the de-
fenders of the country, and that we ought to
pay them. The gentleman from Illinois has
contrasted the condition of the Armybefore
the war with its present condition. Sir, that
war is just what makes the difference. We
have lived through a very trying period, and
we have made a glorious history. I believe
that the American people would rather con-
tinue to pay the salaries of the major generals
in commission until they die, or are retired, or
withdraw from their present position, than turn
them out at this time without pay or vocation.
I have no invidious remarks to make about
any of the major generals. I know that they
commanded our Army, and that they periled
their lives ; and to them, in common with the
rank and file that suffered and died around
them, we owe the salvation of our country.
I believe, sir, we ought to be saved the shame
of having it recorded in history as an act of
ingratitude on the part of this Government
that we struck them out the moment we felt
we could do without them. What will be the
whole amount of pay to be given to these men,
if they shall be allowed to die in the service,
in comparison with tho income and the great
resources of the country? I believe the peo-
ple will pay that amount cheerfully, let the
amount be what it may, rather than to make
such a record as will be made by mustering
two of these five officers out of the service.
I can make no economical argument in favor
of my proposition ; but I can make one much
more grateful to the people of the coun-
try, and that is that we shall retain these men
in their present position because of the great
and gallant services rendered by these officers
who led our armies to victories; that we owe it
to them as well as to the brave men who fol-
lowed them. I ask the gentlemen who urge,
with the gentleman from Illinois, the adoption
of the provision of this bill not to run into the
madness of economy; at least, not to begin
their economy by cutting off the men who
deserve well of the Republic.
It is said one of these gallant men was in
civil life. A period of ten years has elapsed
since then. He was then in the vigor of life,
and he is now " in the sere and yellow leaf.
I do not believe that any portion of our people,
looking at the burdens of taxation put upon
them, will willingly consent to apply to these
men the rule applied only by hard-hearted
people to worn-out horses : " Poor old horse, '
let him die; he is of no more_account." They
have been so long engaged in the Army that
we cannot expect them at their present age to
strike out into any new pursuit in civil life.
It cannot be expected that we will have to pay
them very long; but, so long as they live, I
think we should allow them to retain their
present positions and to receive the pay which
belongs to them.
What, sir, would be done in any other coun-
try ? If they had fought for any other country,
and came out of the wars crowned with success,
they would not be whistled down the tide of
time as is here proposed. No, sir, they would
be cherished, and instead of the pay we allow
these gallant men, they would be paid many
times more. What was the treatment by the
English Government of the Duke of Welling-
ton? The whole amount which will be drawn
by these five officers would not equal the amount
voted to the Duke of Wellington in one single
day.
Mr. SHANKS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he thinks
it is any more unjust to muster out these offi-
cers than to muster out the colonels and cap-
tains and lieutenants who periled their lives
bravely upon many a stricken battle-field in
behalf of the people? We mustered out all
those officers because the country did not need
their services any further, and I have heard no
good reason advanced why we should retain
these officers when their services are no longer
needed. Why did not the gentleman manifest
his opposition when it was proposed to muster
out all those subordinate officers? Why did
he not manifest his affection then for those who
served the country ?
Mr. KELLEY. I have manifested my affec-
tion for them on more than one occasion, and
I am ready to manifest it to-day. Many of
those who have been under pay for years are
now preparing to enter into the pursuits of
civil life. I know a good many of that class.
There are many officers who are quite willing
to go out. I think there are some five hundred
;j officers who arc waiting orders at their own
|j request. But, sir, I am not willing to see men
j! who have served under the circumstances these
' ' men have served mustered out, as is proposed
by this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
! Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am rather
' astonished that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has put his amendment upon the ground
he has. It seems to me to be something very
strange. I am always glad to listen to the
sound of tho gentleman's sonorous voice. It
is always heard in these Halls when an appeal
is to be made against the passage of an act
and to throw the responsibility upon some one
else. He says that lie does not wantto muster
out these men. Nov/, sir, if he will tell me
what use we have of these major generals I
will agree with him. Where was he when so
many thousand gallant officers were mustered
out? Where was he that lie did not appeal in
his mellow voice against compelling them to
enter into the pursuits of civil life? Where
was the gallant gentleman from Philadelphia
i when men like Washington was mustered out
' of the service ? Did we hear the music of his
voice when old Andrew Jackson and others
were mustered out? Where was he when the
crippled and wounded officers were mustered
out? We did not hear the mellow tones of his
! voice protesting against their being musteied
out. It is only now we hear it, when we pro-
pose to muster out these major generals.
: Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has appealed to me by name and by local
designation, and I hope he will yield to me.
Mr. LOGAN. When I get through the gen-
tleman may answer me. I am ansvyering him
1 now. I want him to tell me something further
L with reference to these men, so that we may
understand where is the hardship which lie
talks about. Why, sir, does he not know that
some of these men we are talking about mus-
teringout are thewealthiest men in the United
States to-day? Does he not know that; and
that to two of those whom we propose to mus-
ter out we have to pay an amount of seven or
eight thousand dollars a year? Does the gen-
tleman not know that? He has no sympathy
for the poor and wretched, but he has sym-
pathy for the rich, the mighty, and the strong,
for men who have wealth and power in this
country. A major general in the gentleman's
estimation is a great man ; but the poor, shot-
to-pieces private is of no account. We muster
out five hundred majors and five hundred
colonels and captains, and the gentleman sits
in his seat perfectly quiet; he does not utter
a word in opposition to them. But when you
touch a feather on the hat of a major general
then the gentleman is aroused ; he stands erect
like a giant, and with a mighty volume ofvoice,
which he sends reverberating through this Hall,
he makes himself the advocate of the feathered
portion of the Army of the United States;
but not of the lower officers who have no prop-
erty, no money, no wealth to fall back upon
when they are driven from the Army.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman's memory,
and I do not wonder at it when I remember
his extreme age, is failing slightly. He forgets
that I was not with him in the Continental
Congress, and did not raise my voice when
General Washington was mustered out.
Mr. LOGAN. I said you were unborn then;
and after listening to you to-day I wonder it
you are fully born yet.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman, of course,
was the intimate friend of General Jackson,
whom I can just remember, having been taken
as a child to see the old hero when he came to
visit my native city, and when, of course, Icould
make no protest against any action with refer-
ence to him.
I have not had the privilege of even follow-
ing in the footsteps of the distinguished gen-
tleman who is at the head of the Military
Committee in his military career. God knows
that I envy him those pages of his history. I
have been but a poor civilian. But in my own
way I have tried to serve my country as faith-
fully as that gentleman has done. And I was
laboring for the poor and the oppressed and
the downtrodden when his voice rang through
these Halls as one of that party who were
trampling upon humanity and all its rights. No
man on this floor has ever heard my voice
pleading for wrong and oppression. I have
never mingled its tones—whether they be
agreeable or disagreeable to the gentleman's
ear—with the groans and tears of the driven
gang of slaves, or the clanking of their chains.
1 have some things to thank God for, and there
are some chapters in the gentleman's history
which I am glad are omitted from mine.
I should like to go back to the third section
of the bill, and still further back to the first
i section, so as to provide that majors, cap-
'j tains, and lieutenants may be mustered out
only when they are found worthless and inefii-
'! cient, or have shown an unwillingness to re-
; main in the service, or as they have to go to
answer the muster-call of death, and that 110
promotion shall be made so long as each rank
is filled. .
I regard this bill as a remarkably harsh one,
and one that will appear in history, if it be-
comes a law, as an evidencej a burning and
shining evidence of the truth of the aphorism
that republics are ungrateful.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire the indulgence of
the House for a moment while I offer a remark
or two in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] I did not know that
a bill to reorganize the Army had anything to
do with my record or the record of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. Nor with my name as &.
member of the House.
