1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5025
An act (S. No. 296) to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No 34) authorizing
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian children
who may be entitled to pensions or bounties
under the existing laws.
message fb.om the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the resolution of the Senate to extend the time
fixed for the adjournment of the two Houses
until two o'clock p. m. this day.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced'that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills ; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro termore:
A bill (H. R. No. 12*77) for the relief of
Richard M. Hodgson;
A bill (H. R. So. 520) for the relief of L.
F. Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chin-Kiang, China; and
A bill (S. No. 952) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern
boundary of said State.'1
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No. 2413) making
appropriations to enable the President to pay
certain annuities to and preserve the peace
with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill
(1-i R No 2413) making appropriations to ena,ble tho
President to pay certain annuities to and preserve the
peace with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes, ft.aving
met, after full and free conference have agreed , to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows: „ . *
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to thesame
with amendments, as follows:
On page 4, line sixty-iour, strike out third ot
thirty installments " and insert " for this sum as.
And on page 4 of the said printed amendments,
line 69, strike out "under" and insert as provided
f°And on same page, line seventy-five, strike out
"of three installments under" andinsert payment
as provided for in the." ,
And on pages 46 and 47 strike outlines eleven hun-
dred and twelve to eleven hundred and twenty-live,
inclusive, and add the following as a new scction to
the end of the amendment.
Sec.—. And be %t farther enacted, lhat nothing in
this actcontained, or in any of the provisions thereof,
shall be so construed as to latify, approve, or dis-
affirm any treaty made witn said tribes, bands, or
parties of Indians since the 2Uth of July, lbbi,or
affirm or disaffirm any of the powers of the Jixocu-
tive and Senate over the subject; and the senate
agree to the same. jAM]jg IIAK1AN_
GARRETT DAVIS,
S. C. POMEROY,^
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES,
\V. B. ALLISON,
W. S HOLM AN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Tho report was concurred in.
executive messages.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President ot
the United States, in answer to the resolution
of the Senate of the 9th instant requesting
him to inform the Senate if Chinese coolies
are being imported into the United States m
violation of tlie act of February 19, 1W ;
which was ordered to lie on the table, ana be
^ He also laid before the Senate the following
message; which was read :
To the Senate and Iloiiie of Representatives:
Your attention is respectfully called to the ncccs-
dity ot passing an Indian a,pprop 1; 1 a.tib,1 tb^
the members ot Congress separate. ^ ithout suoti
appropriation Indian hostilities are suic to ensue,
and with them suffering, loss of life, and expendi-
tures, vast as compared with the amount asked for.
The latest intelligence from Europe indicates the
imminence of a war between France and North
Germany. In view of this, a sound policy indicates
the importance of some legislation tending to en-
large the commercial marine of this countryThe
vessels of this country at the present time are insuf-
ficient to meet the demand which the existence of a
war in Europe will impose upon the commerce of
the United States, and I submit to the consideration
of Congress that the interests of the country will be
advanced by the opportunity afforded to our citizens
to purchase vessels of foreign construction for the
foreign trade of the country. An aet to this effect
may be limited in its duration to meet the imme-
diate exigency.
The foreign mail service of the United States is in
a large degree dependent upon the Bremen and
Hamburg lines of steamers. The Post Office Depart-
ment has entered into contracts in Writing with the
two companies above named, and with the Williams
and Guion lines, respectively, for a regular and con-
tinuous servicoof two years. The only arrangement
that could be made with the Inman and Canard lines
is temporary, and may be broken off at any time.
The North German lines are first class in point of
speed and equipment, their steamers usually making
the trip across tho Atlantic in from twenty-four to
thirty-six hours in advance of the Williams and
Guion lines.
Should the North German steamers be blockaded
or impeded by France, our postal intercourse with
foreign nations will bo greatly embarrassed unless
Congress shall interpose tor its relief.
I suggest to Congress tho propriety of further post-
poning the time for adjournment, with the view of
considering the questions heroin communicated.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., July 15,1870.
The message was ordered to lie on the table.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 272) to settle the claim of the heirs of
the lato Colonel William Gates, of the United
States Army, without amendment.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (EL R. No. 2418) making appropriations
to enable the President to pay certain annuities
to and preserve the peace with the various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes.
extension of session.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution extending the
session to five o'clock p. m. this day, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives extend-
ing the time of adjournment to five o'clock p.
m. ; and it was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 272) to settle the claim
of the heirs of the late Colonel William Gates,
of the United States Army; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
alluvial lands.
Mr. CHANDLER, by leave of the Senate,
withdrew his motion to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the resolution reported by Mr.
Kellogg, from the Committee on Commerce,
for the appointment of a select committee to
consider the. subject of redeeming the alluvial
lands of the Mississippi from the overflow by a
levee system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Kellogg, Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Schurz,
Mr. Spencer, and Mr. Bayard, to constitute
the select committee.
petitions.
The doors were reopened at half past two
o'clock p. m. . .
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
wholesale grocers of Chicago, praying that in
the event ot a change in the duties on sugar,
coffee, tea, and spices Congress will cause the
same to take effect December 31, 18(0, and not
sooner; which was ordered to lie on the table.
bill introduced.
Mr. WAtlNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1072) to aid in the construction of the New
Orleans and Selma Railroad and Immigration
Association; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
Slates, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
aoproved and signed the following acts:
An act (S No. 952) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern
boundary of said State;" and
An aet (S. No. 272) to settle the claim of
the heirs of the late Colonel William Gates, of
tho United States Army.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 270)
for the relief of Henry B. Mears, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2254) for the
relief of Barbara Schorr, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
reported it without amendment.
ships for foreign trade.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 95G, to encourage the building of
ships for foreign trade, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to modify my
amendment. My motion yesterday was to
strike out the first two sections of the bill. _ I
propose, in addition, also to amend the third
section by inserting after the words "iron-
built," in the fourth line, the word "steam,"
so as to confine it to steam iron-built vessels;
and in line five, instead of "one thousand, to
insert "two thousand;" and in line seven,
after the word "under," to insert "the follow-
ing conditions;" and to insert at the end:
That such ships shall not be used or employed in
the coasting trade of the United States nor in the
north Pacific; and that any such steamships may be
taken by the United States for naval service upon
payment in coin to the owners thereof ot the lull
value of such steamships, and in addition the sum
of tea per cent thereof.
So that the third section, if amended, will
read:
Andhe it further enaeted, That from and during the
period of eight months from the passage of this act
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
and empowered to issue American registers to iron-
built steamships of not less than two thousand tons
burden, purchased by citizens of the United States
in foreign countries, and owned by them, under tlio
following conditions contained in such register: that
such ships shall not be used or employed in the coast-
ing trade of the United States or in the north Pacific,
and tha t any such steamships may be taken by the
United States for naval service upon the payment m
coin to the owners thereof of the full value of such
steamships and in addition the sum of ten per cent,
thereof.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can state in a moment
the effect of this amendment. It is to limit
the purchase of these vessels to steamships of
two thousand tons and upward, and to add
another condition, that the United States may
take these vessels at any time for the naval
service by paying the cost and ten per cent, in
addition.
Mr. COLE. Why should we do that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because I think we ought
to give the merchants who buy this property a
decent profit in case we take it.
Mr. COLE. 1 think not. We authorize the
Government to take and use the steamships
that we favor sometimes by small subsidies,
and if men are to have the great privilege of
buying these ships in foreign uouuiries it
seems to me they ought to be willing to furn
