J 850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don for having mentioned his name. If I had
thought of it while talking I would not have
done so small a thing, and I beg his pardon.
But what my former history has to do with
this bill I cannot understand, and why the gen-
tleman should attack my past record I cannot
understand.
Mr. KELLEY. I never referred to the gen-
tleman by naming him on this floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; but it would have made little difference
to me whether he did or not. And when he
talks of cracking whips over slaves and all
that sort of thing I will only say to the gen-
tleman that I never did it. I will say to him,
further, that I have no record which I propose
now to defend. I propose to manage this bill
and defend its provisions. If I were to under-
take to defend my record I certainly am able
to do it; and I only make this remark to the
gentleman, gallant aud brave as he is, when
lie talks aUout slaves and slavery, that I have
struck the manacles off more slaves than lie
or all his ancestors ever did, or than all his
posterity ever will. That is all the answer I
have to make to him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the substitute for
the fourth section offered by Mr. Kelley, and ,
it was rejected—ayes 35, noes 93.
The Clerk read the fifth section, as follows:
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That after thelstday
of September, 1870, there shall be only six brigadier i
generals; and the President shall within ten days
preceding said date select, without regard to senior-
ity, the six brigadier generals to remain in com-
mission, and the others shall be mustered out of the '
service of the United States on said date.
No amendment was offered; and the sixth
section was read, as follows:
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted. That the offices of
Adjutant General. Quartermaster General, Commis-
sary General of Subsistence, Chief of Ordnance, Chief
of Engineer?, Paymaster General, Surgeon General,
and Judge Advocate General shall be filled by the
appointment or assignment of an officer who shall
have the rank and pay of a colonel; but the present
incumbents may continue in the above-named offices
at the rank and pay above mentioned.
No amendment was offered; and the seventh
section was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That all officers
who may be mustered out of service by the provis-
ions of this act shall be entitled to one year's pay
and allowances from the date they are so mustered
out.
No amendment was offered; and the eighth
section was read, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the proviso
of the sixteenth section of the act approved August
3,1861, limiting the number of officers on the retired
list of the Army to seven per cent, of the whole
number of existing officers, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed. And hereafter the number of officers
who may legally be retired in accordance with exist-
ing laws shall be in the discretion of the President:
Provided, That thewholenumbexretired shall atno
time exceed two hundred and fifty.
No amendment was offered; and the ninth
section was read, as follows :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act, the brevet rank in the
Army of the United States shall be abolished; and
that hereafter no officer shall assume the title or
wear the uniform of a rank other than that of the
grade actually held by him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to go back to the sixth sec-
tion that I may offer an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The sixth
section provides that the offices of Adjutant
General, Quartermaster General, &c., "shall
be filled by an appointment or assignment of
an officer who shall have the rank and pay of
acolonel." I move to insert the word "only."
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment waa agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer another amendment. It will be ob-
served that the offices to which this section
relates, those of Adjutant General, Quarter-
master General, Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, Ohief of Ordnance, Chief pf Engin-
eers, Paymaster General, Surgeon General,
and Judge Advocate General, are now all held
by brigadier generals. This bill proposesto
reduce them to the rank of colonel, to which
there is no objection, but they are the chiet
officers of their departments, and they now
have four or five colonels under them, and
under this bill it might be that the ranking
colonel was one of those under them. I pro-
pose to add after the eighth line the words:
"And every other staff officer above the rank
of captain shall be reduced oue grade in lineal
rank.'' That proposes to reduce them all equally
one grade until you get to the grade of captain.
The heads of the departments are reduced one
grade from brigadier general to colonel, and
this will bring them all aown one grade in exact
line.
Mr. LOGAN. I would state to the gentle-
man, if he will allow me, that the bill reduces
the chief of one of these departments to the
grade of colonel, but provides that he shall
retain the office of chief. We give him com-
mand. The reduction of all the officers one
grade would be very hard, because many of
them are in the proper grade now. This pro-
vision in regard to the staff departments only
affects the chiefs. This bill does not regu-
late the staff departments, but I do propose
hereafter, if this bill meets the sanction of
Congress, to provide for regulating the staff
departments of the Army.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after section six.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has read through
to section nine.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I move to amend this
bill by inserting after the section just read what
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all military
storekeepers iu the quartermaster's and ordnance
departments, and all medical storekeepers, shall be
mustered out of the service within six months from
the passage of this act. And tho offices of military
storekeeper and medical storekeeper shall be abol-
ished.
Mr. NEGLEY. The amendment I have
offered contemplates the mustering out of about
thirty-seven officers who are now considered
supernumeraries, and their places can be easily
filled by officers of the quartermaster's, ord-
nance, and medical departments. I also crave
the indulgence of the House to make a few gen-
eral remarks upon this bill.
Mr. Speaker, if this is to be essentially a
season of economy, equitable legislation, and
conscientious regard for the rights of the bur-
dened tax-payer, let us take advantage of it,
and consider it to be the earnest duty of this
Congress to reform the extravagances and
abuses which under the formal prerogative of
custom have been legalized in the Army, and
thereby materially decrease the enormous ex-
Eense of its support. The time in my opinion
as fairly matured, when, without the sacrifice
of any of the public interests intrusted to its
protection, the Army can be made to gravitate
toward a permanent peace-establishment, un-
less it is to remain an auxiliary of the Indian
commission, and to furnish meanwhile the vari-
ous capacities of future sub-Treasurers, Gov-
ernors, and the lesser civil dignitaries of the
Government. If this is not the proper time to
consultthe anxious wishes of the people or the
present acceptable condition of the country;—
the most favorable one to lop off the top-heavy
rank, and muster out the inefficient or unem-
ployed officers, then the suitable period will
never arrive, nor will ever the anticipated
reforms be consummated.
I have been made aware of the extreme
unpopularity in certain quarters at the proposed
curtailment as determined in the bill before
you. I have listened with surprise to the im-
passioned remarks of officers to whom I had
accredited a warm sympathy with the measures
of this Congress, who did not hesitate to say
that the officers of the Army would never tol-
erate this invasion of their present privileges ;
that General "So-and-so" would treat the
proposed reforms as an insult; and that the
officers who were thus deprived of their nom-
inal rank, known as " brevets," would indig-
' nantly and positively resign.
Again, we are informed that this Congress
would be condemned by the civilized world,
whilo not a member would be permitted to
return who was party to the action. Not
only this great calamity doth await us, but the
party which gives its consent to the alleged
injustice will be demoralized, and the candi-
dates for the next Presidency of the United
States will be chosen from the major generals
who may be mustered out if this bill becomes
a law. Strong, pungent, and signific ant lan-
guage, Mr. Speaker. Nevertheless it is true,
and expresses the sensitive and unfeigned opin-
ion of more than one officer in high authority.
I might consistently pause to convey to you
, the suggestive impressions created by these
indiscreet and dangerous avowals of discontent
and resistance to the popular will, but I leave
you to contemplate the idea of the paid and
sworn defenders of equality and freedom claim-
ing exemption from economical and justifiable
legislation. Now, sir, had this current opin-
ion emanated from sources of incousiderate
standing I should have heard it and dismissed
it from further attention with passing indiffer-
ence; but when it is seriously urged and delib-
erately insisted upon by men of ability, exec-
utive will, and preeminent ambition in their
professions, who possess in their dispositions
! that seriousness which renders at once a re-
. proach from theiiynouths a marked opinion, a
' grounded objection, the result of deliberate
: conviction, we are forced, Mr. Speaker, to
! weigh them with more than minor considera-
! tion. This deeply imbued feeling of superior-
ity and questionable independence is the out-
crop of the aristocratic element of immaculate
!' West Point trying to assert itself again in
" compliment extern."
The spirit which invokes these reflections
upon Congress is not a late conception or the
foundling of the favored few, but it is the off-
spring of an exclusive and aggressive power,
a subtle and dangerous power that has in every
epoch or period of the world's history men-
aced and overthrown the rights and liberties
of the citizen. If you grow weary in seeking
lessons of the facts I have stated, at the mul-
titudinous examples afforded by those ruined
cities of ancient glory, whose silent crumbling
monuments of art alone remain as the land-
marks and mute witnesses of lost nations, turn
then to the absorbing events which in our own
time are daily transpiring in Italy, Spain,
France, and poor, ravaged Cuba; then answer
me truthfully whether the oppressive mandates
of authority are not issued by those Powers in
the voice of the morning drum, and whether
the fiat of those nations is not wholly reflected
from the glitter of bayonets. A standing army
is an organization distinctive in feature and
purpose from the community of civil pursuits.
Military despotism is a weed. It grows in every
soil, blighting as it grows. In time of peace
it is a complete system of impoverishment, in
which the public mind scarcely perceives any
material effect save that of an increase of
debt.
Throughtheinstrumentality of a large stand-
ing army power may be centralized, but it is
the subversion of republican principles. The
degrees of royal authority invariably radiate
from military decorations. The corps militaire
are governed by laws which enforce entire sub-
mission and blind obedience to their superiors.
It signifies nothing that we are reminded of
the army being commanded and supervised by
gentlemen of patriotic renown and unimpeach-
I able valor ana moral integrity, for such was
| the relative case with the grand armies led by
i Julius Caesar; yet that army which was officered
by the worthiest citizens of givilized Rome,
