4682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 21C5,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80, 1871, and for other purposes; that the
committee, finding itself without a quorum, he
had, according to the rule, directed the roll to
be called, and now reported to the House the
names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER. On the call of the roll one
hundred and fifty-seven members responded to
their names. That being more than a quorum,
the Committee of the Whole will resume its
session.
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
resumed its session, and proceeded with the
consideration of the sundry civil appropriation
bill.
The following paragraph of the bill was
under consideration:
For repairs and outfits, S1-l>0,000 : Provided, That
the limitation in the provision relating to revenue-
cutters in the act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
endiDg June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3,18ii9, of the number to four, is hereby
removed: Provided, That no expense shall be in-
curred in excess of the appropriation of §'100,000:
And provided also. That said cuttcrs may be con-
structed and used as the service may require, without
regard to the limitations contained in said act.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Churchill, to add to the paragraph the
following:
And provided further, That the provision in the
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending Juno 30,
1809, and for other purposes, requiring that live of
the six stoam revenue-cutters stationed tipon tho
northern and northwestern lakes should bo laicl up,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and the same,
or so many of them as tho Secretary of the Treasuiy,
in his discretion, shall order to bo Putin commission
shall bo specially chargod, in addition to their other
duties, to give aid to vessels in distress upon said
lakes,
Mr. DAWES. It is onlya question whether
we shall take $100,000 out of the Treasury for
a purpose which the Secretary of the Treasury
says is not needed.
Mr. BENNETT. How much will it take to
keep them where they now are?
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers (Mr. Dawes
and Mr. Churchill) will resume their stations,
and the question will be again taken upon the
amendment.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 44, noes 77.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment
which I suggested a few moments ago. It
is to strike out in line fifty-seven the word
'•of" and substitute the word ''restricting."
Although this is a mere verbal amendment,
yet I am unwilling to see passed through the
House any legislation the meaning of which
is so obscure as that of the present phraseology
of this paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Loans and Treasury notes:
For paper, engraving, printing, express charges,
and other expenses of making and issuing the na-
tional currency, $75,000.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph just read the
following:
Provided, That said amount shall be charged to
and collected of the banks to which sueli currency
shall be issued, under such regulations as the Comp-
troller of the Currency shall proscribe, in proportion
to the amount issued to them respectively.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order that
this amendment proposes new legislation and
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point, of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For the support of the institu lion, including salaries
and incidental expenses, and the maintenance of tho
bcuefieiaries of the United states, $40,775: Provided,
That 1 lie number of studentsin tile collegiate depart-
ment Iroai the several states authorised by tho acts
of March 2,1867, and July 27,1868, may bo increased
to forty; but no student now at said institution com-
ing from said States under said acts shall besupported
therein by the United States, from and aftortho30th
day of June, 1871, and no student hereafter coming
to said institution from cither of said States under
said acts and this act, shall besupported by the Uni-
ted States during any portion tho time he remains
therein.
. For completion of the main central building,
$94,087.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment just offered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Mayiiam] was ruled out
on the ground that it proposed independent
legislation. I desire to know whether the pro-
viso of the paragraph just read is not liable to
the same objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. That point of order
comes too late. The right to raise points of
order on the paragraphs of the bill as reported
by the committee was not reserved.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the clause last read: "for completion of
the main central building, $94,087." The
Committee on Appropriations, I believe, were
not entirely unanimous in reference to this
provision of the bill; and it seems to me,
Mr. Chairman, that this appropriation is one
which ought not to be made. As long ago as
May, 1868, we had spent upon this institution
$325,800 28. How much has been spent since
that time I am not just now prepared to say.
But, sir, the expenditure here proposed is
enormous for an institution of this kind. Dur-
ing the past year the institution has had, I
believe, something like eighty-two students;
fifty-five being beneficiaries of tho United
States, sixteen supported by the State of Mary-
land, three by the city of Baltimore, and eight
by their friends.
Now, I think the country will be surprised
when it comes to understand the nature and
amount of the expenditures we have been
making for this institution. Why, sir, the
University of tho State of Michigan is a large
institution, accommodating one thousand one
hundred and twelve students, yet the entire
cost of the buildings was $200,000; and until
within about, a year the entire expense of run-
ning the institution has been but $70,000
annually; and at this time it is only $85,000.
I might also refer to the institution for the
deaf, dumb, and blind in the State of Michi-
gan. That institution has one hundred and
forty pupils. The entire cost of running it is
$37,500 a year, and the cost of the buildings
was but $235,000.
As I have already said, I am not prepared
to state precisely what this institution in the
District of Columbia has thus far cost us; but
1 think the expenditures must amount to over
four hundred thousand dollars. For the num-
ber of students accommodated at this institu-
tion this appropriation seems to me larger than
we ought to make at this time. Hence, I hope—
or at least I desire, for I have but little hope—
that these two lines may be struck out.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to. This building is partially
constructed. It is all inclosed. Only half of
this present appropriation will be needed to
complete it; the other half will go toward
paying for what has already been done.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to ask the gentleman a question. Under what
law has this building been erected; and when
did we appropriate money for its erection V
Mr. DAWES. Some two or three years ago
we authorized its erection and appropriated a
part of the money. Those in charge of it have
gone on and expended that, and also a por-
tion of this $94,000. But we authorized tho
erection of the building, and made a partial
appropriation for it several years ago.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We never
authorized anybody to go on and expend money
that had not been appropriated.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to inquire whether
this is not a private corporation, and whether
there is any authority of law for the appropria-
tion contained in this bill reported from the
Committee on Appropriations ? Is there any
other authority for it than appropriations here-
tofore contained in appropriation bills?
Mr. DAWES. Of course there is no author-
ity for it but appropriations contained in appro-
priation bills.
Mr. CONGER. Is it not a private corpora-
tion for which appropriations have heretofore
been made by Congress ?
Mr. DAWES. Of course.
Mr. BEAMAN. In whom is the title to this
real estate?
Mr. DAWES. In the trustees holding it
the use of this institution and for the pur-
pose of the education of the deaf and dumb,
never to be parted with except by the consent
of Congress.
Mr. BEAMAN. Have the United States
any title to the land whatever?
Mr. DAWES. These trustees stand ready,
if this is not satisfactory, to convey the whole
property in fee to the United States.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. In line one hundred and
sixty-five we find that the number may be in-
creased to forty. Does that mean that they are
to educate forty, or to increase the number of
deaf and dumb to forty? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not think I can make it
intelligible to the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Michigan will withdraw his
amendment I will renew it.
The amendment was withdrawn by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, let me simply
call the attention of the House to this institu-
tion, which has grown up from the smallest
beginning to a very large appropriation each
year. I believe we have appropriated once or
twice for the completion of this building, and
it occurs to me that it is pretty near time that
it was finished. It is now proposed to appro-
priate $94,000 more. When is it expected
these appropriations are to stop? Why should
we provide for more than a common-school
education for the deaf and dumb when there
are thousands and thousands of intelligent
young men in possession of all their faculties
who are without collegiate education and with
every facility for education which God has
given them? I do not think it is right to tax
the people to educate any of these deaf and
dumb in a collegiate course when a common-
school education is all that is necessary to put
them forward in life, and to alleviate their con-
dition as well as may be. To undertake, where
Providence has put an obstacle almost insur-
mountable, to expend money to give collegiate
education to a large number of persons who
are deaf and dumb, when there are so many
poor boys, bright and with every faculty, seems
to me a very questionable exercise of legislative
power. I believe the present buildings arc large
enough to accommodate all the deaf and dumb
who are there now who are entitled to the
benefit of the institution ; and while we have
State institutions for this purpose I for one am
not for extending the education here in this
institution.
I am glad to see the Committee on Appro-
priations are in favor of curtailing the expend-
itures by requiring hereafter that these State
scholars shall pay. Almost eleven hundred
thousand dollars, if I recollect the figures right,
have been appropriated already for this insti-
tution, and it is now proposed to add still more
to the expenses of the Government this year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I remember very well the discussion over two
years ago had on this subject, and the final
triumph of those iu l'avor of maintaining this
institution. I congratulate the country that
the Committee on Appropriations have pro-
vided for the completion and maintenance of
this institution for the deaf and dumb. But
