538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
from California [Mr. Coi<e] the other day, for
the purpose of disposing of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions have
not yet been called for; bat the Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent to take from
the table the joint resolution (S. R. No. 82)
relating to the seizure of distilled spirits in
California, introduced by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Cole,] in order that it may be
disposed of. Is there objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not'be
taken up. It relates to a matter of a personal
character, the discussion of which will certainly
run over the morning hour. I shall insist at
one o'clock on the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada object or withdraw his ob-
jection ?
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not be taken
up. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not object to the motion being made. The
Senate grants unanimous consent to the Sen-
ator from Maine to move to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 82) relating to the seizure of distilled
spirits in California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] that this jointresolution
be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Whereas in August last a large quantity of distilled
spirits, in all about four thousand barrels, shipped
from the port of Now York to San Francisco, was
seized in the latter port for alleged violation of the
internal revenue laws; and whereas tbo said spirits
are now held by the office of collector of internal rev-
enue for San Francisco, subject to such charge, but
aro likely to be released from seizure by the internal
revenue authorities in Washington upon what is
alleged to beinsufficient.exjparte, and partial repre-
sentations made by the owners of said spirits: There-
fore,
liesolved by the Senate and House of licpresentatlms
of the TJnited States of America in (buttress'assembled.
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be in-
structed not to release said spirits, but to leave the
same in the custody of the proper officers, that it may
be determined by the judgment of the United States
courts whether the same was properly seized for vio-
lation of the revenue laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of some Senator who wants this resolution in-
definitely postponed upon what ground we can
vote to indefinitely postpone it if it merely asks
that the thing be left to the administration of
the law.? From what I heard in the debate the
other day I have no doubt that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue has acted in this as
he has in all other cases that I ever heard of,
with entire integrity and with intelligence.
But I confess I should be rather reluctant to
vole to indefinitely postpone a resolution, in
other words, to refuse to have it go to a com-
mittee to be considered, which merely called
upon one of the officers of the Government in
a disputed case to let the agencies provided by
law, that is ajudge and jury, determine whether
the accused property should be forfeited or not.
I cannot help thinking from what I have seen
and heard in this country that all our executive
officers having charge of the collection of the
revenue, both external and internal, are alto-
gether too easy in giving up property that they
have seized as having been manufactured or
ut>ed or imported in violation of law upon the
ex parte, representations of claimants.
i believe, as a rule, that the best way of as-
certaining whether a citizen has violated the
law and has subjected his property to condem-
nation is to have the question tried where both
sides can be present, where the witnesses can
be sworn and examined face to face, and where
an intelligent and impartial jury can determine
what is the real truth. Executive officers, from
the nature of their business, cannot have the
time, they cannot have the opportunity to as-
certain the real truth about such matters, and
I believe that the country loses millions every
year from our officers, without any wrong in-
tent on their part and with their best efforts
to do what they think is their duty, being per-
suaded by claimants whose property is seized,
possibly backed up by Senators and members
of Congress with their influence, on*the ground
that '' this man is a good man, and he could not
have committed a fraud'' in giving up property
that they ought not to give up.
While in this particular case from the debate
I do not see any reason to suppose that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has done
anything wrong, and I should be very reluctant
to suppose so, because he is a man whose life
has given the highest evidence of his rectitude
and propriety, still I should hope for some
explanation when I am asked to refuse to per-
mit a committee to investigate this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only effect of the
pendency of this resolution is to prevent the
Secretary of the Treasury from doing what the
law requires him to do. The law gives to every
party interested the power to appeal to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and he is bound in aproper
case to examine it and to act according to his
judgment of the law. If he declines to surren-
der this whisky, as a matter of course the party
is then driven to his remedy; but if he surren-
ders it, that is an end of the transaction. In
the present condition of affairs, while this reso-
lution is pending, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury feels restrained from acting on the case,
and until he does act, until that remedy is ex-
hausted, until the right of appeal to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue and to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is exhausted, there is no
proceeding in the case, and there can be none,
because the law points out the mode by which
a person whose property is seized shall pursue
it, and that is an appeal to the Secretary of the
Treasury before he can resort to the courts. I
do not think it is right to delay these parties.
I do not know who they aro or where they
come from in pursuing their remedy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand my
friend from Ohio to say that before judicial
proceedings can be instituted against this prop-
erty and the claimants can assert their claim
they must go through a preliminary process
with the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
that is so or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That cannot be the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, the right of
appeal to the Secretary is clearly given by law;
and why should these parties be deprived of
that right which is given to everybody else?
Why should they not be allowed that right
rather than go through the long and expensive
process of a suit at law ? Is that right ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly the in-
formation I am trying to get at, and 1 thought
the true way to get that information was to
have my friend's committee, which has charge
of all matters of that kind, take this resolution,
inquire into the circumstances, and report to
us to-morrow or the next day wlether there
is anything peculiar about this case or whether
it is an ordinary one. If it is an ordinary one,
of course we shall not interfere. That is all I
suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the suggestion was
made to refer this resolution to the Committee
on Finance I urged my friend from California
to change that motion and to propose to refer
it to another committee that has less to do.
We certainly cannot stop in the Committee on
Finance in the examination of important pub-
lic business involving the interests of the whole
country to inquire into the propriety of a seiz-
ure in California that we cannot know anything
about. There is the absurdity of this whole
proceeding, that the Senate and committees of
the Senate are called upon to examine into the
question of whether this is a particular case
for taking away from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the right to decide upon a special seizure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me for suggesting that all committees of the
Senate and the Senate itself are bound—and
they do it every day when they are brought to
it—to inquire into abuses of public powers by
executive officers. There would not be any
use in having a Senate if we did not do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is whether
in the mean time you will suspend the right of
individuals to appeal to the officers of the Gov-
ernment pending our long and inevitable delays
in the Senate.
Mr. EDM UNDS. That would depend some-
what upon the assertion in respect to the par-
ticular case. Now, as I have suggested, I dare
say it will turn out that there is no reason for
interference in this cause ; that it is an ordi-
nary and regular one ; that if the Secretary of
the Treasury is ever to be invested with power
this is one of the cases where he ought to ex-
ercise it, one way or the other; but to have the
Senate refuse even to send a question of this
kind to a committee, where one of its members
upon his responsibility charges that there has
been improper conduct in some of the subor-
dinates who are'pressing this matter, is, as it
seems to me, going a great way. I am sure
the Committee on Finance with all its duties
cannot perform a more useful office to the
country than to take this particular case as a
type and consider the bearing of the law which
vests these discretions in executive officers
and these side methods of trial, and to see
whether it would not be better on the whole
to change the law upon the subject so as to
make cases of voluntary surrender by execu-
tive officers, instead of a judicial trial, much
less frequent than they are now. But, as I
said before, I am not speaking to this particu-
lar case, because I have just the same estima-
tion of the honorable Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue that my friend from Ohio has,
and that is entire trust in him.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I should
like to ask whether it is asserted by the Sen-
ator from California that this case has ever
been submitted to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; whether the appeal which exists by right
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to the Secretary of the Treasury has ever been
taken by the parties? It seems to me that if
the parties have taken their remedy through
the ordinary channels to that officer of the
Government, who has the right of the last
decision before the courts, this is not the place
to bring the cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I understand it, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue decides in
favor of the claimant, or is about so to decide.
That is the allegation; and the claimant in
whose favor the decision is made cannot appeal
against it. He does not want to appeal. He
has what he wants; whereas if the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue decides that the
seizure was illegal or improper, I do not under-
stand that there is any law which authorizes
the subordinate seizing officer to appeal to the
Secretary of the Treasury. The appeal is a
right given to the owner of the goods. Now,
as I understand it, my friend from California
is objecting to this proceeding on the ground
that the owner of the goods is about to get a
decision in his favor without a trial by jury
in a ease where he ought not to have it. In
such a case there cannot be any appeal by the
seizing officer to the Secretary of the Treasury.
If the owner of the goods, having the decision
of the Commissioner against him, wished to
appeal to the Secretary of the Treasury instead
of trying the case in the courts, that would be
another thing. I do not say that it ought to
alter our action, but it would be a different
state of facts.
Mr. SAWYER. But, Mr. President, there
are certain parties in all these cases who have
interests in them outside of the Government;
parties who were instrumental in causing the
seizure, who gave the information, and whose
interests would dictate to them to pursue those
