3738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
of his amendment all the officers who comply
with its requirements, and say that the Presi-
dent, whenever he expends the secret service
fund which is placed at his disposal under his
discretion, shall furnish vouchers for what he
may expend. Just put that in plaiu English,
aud test the sense of this committee upon it.
Mr. KELSEY. That is just exactly what I
have done, put it in plain English.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman embraces in
his amendment the entire contingent fund, as
I understood it when it was read by the Clerk—
all the contingent expenditures of all the vari-
ous legations. When the proper time comes
I shall move to amend the amendment so that
the direct question shall be presented to the
Committee of the Whole; so that gentlemen
may understand this proposition to be nothing
more nor less than saying to the President,
after Congress has said to him, "We put you in
possession of a certain sum of money to be
expended in the secret service of the Govern-
ment," we shall now say to him, " You must
furnish vouchers of your correct expenditure
of it." Sir, I ask members not to cast such
a reflection upon your Executive, or upon the
various legations representing this country
abroad.
Mr. KELSEY. There is no reflection on
anybody.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to state that this pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] is not an amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. KELSEY. I have so stated.
Mr. DICKEY. He is the only member of
that committee who is in favor of such an
amendment. It was expressly voted on in the
Committee on Appropriations, and the com-
mittee was unanimously against it, with the
exception of the gentleman from New York.
Aboutonehalfof this appropriation, or $25,000,
is expended and is known as the secret-service
fund. From the foundation of the Government
the warrant of the President of the United
States or the order of the President has been
deemed by the accounting officer of the Treasury
a sufficient warrant, a sufficient voucher, and
the gentleman from New York, solitary and
alone, now proposes to introduce a new policy
in regard to this fund. He proposes to refuse
to intrust the present President of the United
States or any future President of the United
States with the enormous sum of $25,000 as a
secret-service fund.
Further, the gentleman says that the vouch-
ers which his amendment provides for are not
to be made public. In regard to the expend-
iture of this secret-service fund he proposes
that there shall be taken into the counsel of
the President of the U uited States and the Sec-
retary of State the several accounting clerks
in the Auditor's and Comptroller's offices of
the Treasury Department. Sir, whenever those
officers shall become the depositaries of the
secrets of our foreign intercourse, then this
will of course cease to be a secret-service fund
except in name. I now yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I would not desire to add one
word to what has been said by my colleague
on .the Committee on Appropriations, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] but
for the fact that for half an hour, when the
last amendment was under consideration, I
endeavored, without success, to catch the eye
or the ear of the then chairman [Mr. Allison]
for the purpose of stating that the lust amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kelsey] was recommended by the State
Department, and therefore I was opposed to
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.] And now, although
I have taken the pains to go to the desk of the
present chairman [Mr. Ingersoll] and have
my name put down on the list of those he
would recognize to speak upon this amend-
ment, he has not recognized me, and I am
compelled to seek t.he courtesy of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] for a
portion of his time in order to obtain an oppor-
tunity to say anything.
I merely desire to say that all the members
of the Committee on Appropriations, whether
Democrats or Republicans, except the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] opposed
the amendment he has now offered. I would
not insult the President of the United States
by attaching such a proviso to this bill. I did
what I could to prevent his election, but now
that he is the President I do not mean to be
sticking pins in him, or saying that he is not
to be trusted with the expenditure of twenty
or twenty five thousand dollars. I would rather
strike out the paragraph altogether. We trust
the various heads of Departments with the
expenditure of large suras of money in the
form of contingent funds, amounting some-
times to $50,000, sometimes to $100,000; and
I say it would be an insult to the President of
the United States to declare that he Bhall render
a detailed account of the expenditure of this
small fund, amounting to $50,000, for both
branches of the service.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, if the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] bad known
the caliber of my.colleague [Mr. Kelsey] he
would not have expressed any surprise at any
amendment in this direction emanating from
that gentleman. [Laughter.] Like the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, I contributed in no
respect to the election of the present President
of the United States; but, sir, I have a very
profound respect for the office of President;
and when we appropriate a fund to be dis-
tributed by that officer in his own discretion
in reference to our foreign relations, or in any
other respect, lam quite willing to do so without
calling him to account as to the manner in which
he may disburse that money. Therefore, I can
only say that, so far as regards this amendment
of my colleague, I am against it. We all know
that in our diplomatic relations abroad, in our
foreign intercourse, it is necessary for the Pres-
ident and the Secretary of State to be provided
with a fund to be expended in such manner
and for such purposes as may be required by
the condition of our foreign relations, involving
frequently questions of the most delicate char-
acter. The very fact that this is a secret-ser-
vice fund should shield the officer from any
inquisitorial investigation by any committee of
this House or any department of the Govern-
ment. Therefore, I heartily concur with my
friend from Kentucky in opposing this amend-
ment, and I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. Mr. Chair-
man, I did not suppose I could surprise my
colleague from the city of New York [Mr.
Wood] by anything I might do, and I did not
know that he was so accurate a judge of the
*' caliber " of men ; but it seema he has lived
in the city of New York, where his efforts to
send arms to the rebels during the war have
sharpened his perceptions considerably. He
now comes here and says that I have insulted
the President by trying to reduce the appro-
priation for contingent expenses of our foreign
intercourse. I presume the gentleman's view
of ibis question will be accepted by his political
friends and by many gentlemen on this side of
the House.
It is proper I should say here that I have
introduced this amendment upon my own re-
sponsibility, as I stated in the outset. I did it
because I believe that under our Government
no man should be intrusted with the expendi-
ture of money without rendering an account of
its disbursement; that this whole system of
secret service is wrong and ought to be cor-
rected. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] says that every head of a Department is
intrusted with a contingent fund to expend in
his discretion. That is true. But he lias to
render an account for every dollar of it.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, there is con-
siderable confusion in the Hall. I hope my
colleague [Mr. Kelsey] will be allowed to
proceed without interruption.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not ask any courtesy
at the gentleman's hands. He has seen (it to
make a little fling at me, which I do not pro-
pose to return.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Ne.v York [Mr.
Wood] raised a point of order that there was
confusion in the Hall; and I insist that there
is. The other gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kelsey] said he did not ask anything from his
colleague. We did not suppose he did. We
simply raised the point on our own account,
that we might hear his learned suggestions.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
not debatable. The gentlemen will please be
seated, and the committee will preserve order.
Mr. KELSEY. I have said all I desired to
say in relation to this amendment. The prac-
tice has obtained for a number of years of
appropriating a large fund to be expended at
the discretion of the President; and if mem-
bers are prepared to continue such appropria-
tions when they have learned, as they did the
other day, what use has been made of this
money, I am content. The attention of the
House has been called to the matter, and it will
act as it deems fit.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York a question. He said something
about the improper use of this money. How
was it used?
Mr. KELSEY. If the gentleman had heard
or read my speech he would not need to ask
that question.
Mr. FITCH. I read the gentleman's speech
carefully, but I did not learn anything from it.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I do not doubt
that sometimes a contingent fund may be im-
properly expended; but certainly every man
who knows anything of the administration of
the foreign affairs of our Government will
agree that there must be some fund of this
kind placed at the disposal of the President.
Now, sir, it is very proper the expenditure
should be accounted for; but it is accounted
for. Every dollar of it is explained; but the
knowledge and official information of an ex-
penditure of this kind is lodged with the Pres-
ident, because it concerns our agents in foreign
countries. It is not like the contingent fund
which is expended here. It is expended in
most cases in foreign counties, and to require
there shall be a publication of the manner in
which it is expended and of the persons by
whom it is expended in foreign countries, per-
sons under foreign Governments, would be an
act of injustice which this Government ought
never to perpetrate. We have, in the first
place, command of this fund. We can limit
it. We may make it $30,000 or $50,000, or
we may grant none at all. Vouchers c.re to
be given for every dollar expended of this
fund. The President certifies on his honor
that the vouchers are sufficient, and on those
vouchers the money is paid. Gentlemen pro-
pose that Congress shall have the control of
these vouchers, and to say whether or not
they shall be paid. We have already security
for the Government. The difference is that
in one case we have security in the honor '
of the President over his own signature, and
in the other case, as is proposed by gen- '
tlemen here, we will have the security of a
clerk or other subordinate officer of the Gov-
ernment. Can any one say that the Govern^ i
ment will be more secure when the power is ;
lodged with a mere clerical officer than when j
it is intrusted to the hands of the President of
the United States, the highest officer of the
Government?
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the proviso I t
have offered. ;
