1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3739
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
next paragraph.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not help to elect
the gentleman who now occupies the office of
President of the United States ; but, sir, I
have ft profound respect for that high office.
Gentlemen propose that the President shall
file vouchers and render an account of the ex-
penditure of this money. I would notask any
such thing as is proposed of this high officer.
Mr. MAYNARD. What amendment is
pending?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The person who fills this
high office ought not to be required 
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the question
before the committee?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew the amendment
just withdrawn.
Mr. KELSEY. That is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It comes too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I addressed the Chair
before the paragraph was passed.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
state that ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did state that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to take the statement of the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the amend-
ment was withdrawn at my suggestion. I do
not wish to take up the time of the committee,
but I do insist that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] has no appreciation of the
high office of President of the United States
when he undertakes to limit him in the manner
he has.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Wisconsin is not in
order, as we have passed the paragraph.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not struggle against
the decision of the Chair, or against the efforts
of the gentleman from New York. I supposed
his proposition was withdrawn at my sugges-
tion in orderthat I might make some remarks.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Inger-
soll reported thatthe Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly a bill (H. R. No. 1604)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported ihat they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions and
a bill of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates, Sur-
geon Albert L. Gibson, Passed Assistant Sur-
geon Charles H. White, and Assistant Surgeon
Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States Navy,
to accept decorations from the King of Portu-
gal in recognition of humane services ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) to author-
ize the payment of the full salary of Alvin P.
Hovey, as minister in Peru, without deduction
on account of absence from his post; and
An act (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Ross.
briqadier general wright.
On motion of Mr. WINCHESTER, leave
was granted for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of
Brigadier General Wright.
mrs. d. n. evans.
On motion of Mr. STRONG, leave was
f anted for the withdrawal from the jiles of the
ouse of the papers in the case of Mrs. D. N.
Evans.
bark james c. woodruff.
On motion of Mr. PECK, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of the bark James C.
Woodruff.
s. g. ferguson.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the petition and papers in the case of S. G.
Ferguson.
warrant officers united states navy.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced^ bill (II. R. No. 2084) to authorize
the President to give assimilated rank to war-
rant officers in the United States Navy ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
leave of absence.
Mr. PLATT was granted leave of absence
until Saturday next.
Mr. VAN TRUMP was granted leave of
absence for ten days from and including to-
morrow.
Mr. TOWNSEND was granted leave of ab-
sence till to-morrow evening.
joseph a. clay.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2085) for the relief
of Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
leave to print.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks on the bill
which I introduced this morning—the bill (H.
R. No. 2072) to secure to citizens of the United
States the navigation of the St. Lawrence, and
in relation to commercial relations with Canada
and the British American provinces.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
[The remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. COBURN was granted leave to have
priuted in the Globe some remarks on the
amendment to the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill providing for a mission to
Rome. [See Appendix.]
bankruptcy law.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Poland, Mr. Jenckes, and Mr.
Johnson as managers at the conference on the
part of the House in regard to the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
386) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1867.
revenue and expenditure.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) embodying
a system of revenue and expenditure, and for
a committee to examine into questions of tax-
ation ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
hinton r. helper.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
have the bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle and close the accounts of Hititon Rowan
■Helper taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the bill is so referred
have we the right to call it back by a motion to
reconsider?
The SPEAKER. Under the construction
which has been given to the rule, bills, &c.,
referred on Monday cannot be brought back
for reconsideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
martha a. estill, kt al.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 115) to provide for the
payment of the claim of Martha A. Estill, ad-
ministratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
deceased, RedickMcKee, and Pablo de la Toba,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read n.
first time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
spanish prisoners.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 298)
relative to the imprisonment of innocent men
within the limits of the United States at the
instance or by authority of the Spanish Gov-
ernment; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
seamen's wages.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2086) giving masters
of vessels the same lien for wages as seamen ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
education in tiie s0utii.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Education bo
requested to transmit to the House of Representa-
tives any information in his possession with regard
to the progress of public-school education in those
portions of the Union affected by the proclamation
of emancipation and the thirteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
tax on dogs.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2087) to impose a
tax on dogs; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the memorial of the Knights of St. Patrick
of New York, in relation to the imprisonment
of American citizens abroad.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DEGENER: Petitions from Men-
ard county and Kendall county, Texas, asking
frontier protection.
Also, the petition of San lago de Leon, of
Texas, for payment of his claim against the
United States for mules and horses taken from
him for the use of the Army.
By Mr. LOGAN: A petition of 3,400 citi-
zens of Rhode Island, asking appropriate legis-
lation to enforce the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of sundry
citizens of Fulton county, Indiana, asking for
the passage of a law to prevent frauds on the
bounty and pension laws.
By Mr. PETERS : A petition of citizens of
Bangor, Maine, for alight-house on Race rock,
on the coast of -Maine.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of E. T.
Moore, John M. Price, Justus Roe, and 98
others, citizens of Patchogue, Suffolk county,
New York, for an appropriation to place a bell-
buoy or beacon on the southwest point of
Rockaway shoals, south coast of Long Island.
By Mr. RIDGWAY : The petition of D. M.
Clayton and others, of Bedford county, Vir-
ginia, for the establishment of a mail route
from Liberty to Otter Hill, Virgiuia.
