2796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
There was a disturbance of a serious charac-
ter in the parish of St. Bernard. It took place
in the vicinity of the town or place called Terre
aux Bceufs. The testimony shows that that
disturbance wag the result of a direct attack
made by Republican colored men on the resi-
dence of a peaceful white citizen named Pablo
Filieu, which attack resulted in a struggle on
the part of Mr. Filieu to defend his house and
family, and on the part of the negroes to obtain
access to the house for the double purpose of
killing him and plundering his property. The
p.iob of negroes surrounded his house, and he
in his excitement and alarm fired at them, or
someone in his house fired at them, to drive
them away. None of them were killed by that
firing, but by the action of that colored mob
fire was set to that man's house and it was
burnt to ashes : he himself was killed and his
body consumed ia the flames, and his family
escaped with great difficulty. It was a scene
of horror and outrage. It is in testimony that
that infuriated mob were instigated to their
deeds of inhumanity and blood by white Re-
publicans, chief among whom was one Thomas
Ong. It is clear beyond all doubt that the
white leaders of the ignorant colored Repub-
licans were primarily responsible for that riot
and the results which followed ; for it was out
of that that immediately arose the killing of
nearly all the negroes who were killed in this
district.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I resume the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At half
past seven o'clock this evening we are to meet
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tariff bill. It is evident that we
cannot finish this ease to-night. I suggest
whether, as it is now half past four, we had not
better take a recess until half past seven.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Ohio vield for that purpose ?
Mr. _ STEVENSON. What would be the
order in that case ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The case
would go over as unfinished business.
Mr. KERR. I hope the case will not go
over.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KERR. I hope not.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not yield for that
motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent, the House has agreed to meet in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union at half past seven o'clock this evening
on the tariff bill. If the gentleman from Ohio
yields for a motion for a recess then this case
will go over as unfinished business until to-
morrow.
Mr. KERR. I hope that, if the matter is to
go over until to-morrow, my colleague ou the
committee will at least conclude his argument
this evening, and then let it go over.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to
that. I will close my argument and then yield
for a motion for a recess.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] concedes this case. He concedes
the case. I want the House to mark me well.
When he says there was a valid election held
in this district, then he says that Mr. Sypher
was elected. There is no escape from that
conclusion. If there was a valid election, then
it was by virtue of the votes of the peaceable
parishes, and by virtue of the votes there only,
and on the vote in the peaceable parishes Mr.
Sypher was elected. Now, there is the whole
case. You cannot sustain the votes of these
bloody parishes. The gentleman may howl
" Outrage, outrage," until he be deaf with the
noise of his own stentorian voice, and you can-
not and he cannot sustain those bloody parishes.
He denies the blood. I say this report has
underrated it. The evidence shows that not
only three hundred, as I state in the report,
but three hundred and eighty-four men were
killed, shot, and otherwise cruelly maltreated
in these parishes. It shows that thousands of
men were kept from the polls by fear of death.
It shows that hundreds were compelled to vote
the Democratic ticket to save their lives. It
is very well for the gentleman from Indiana to
assume a legal virtue.
Mr. Speaker, there be two spirits of the law.
One is the spirit which wrests the law in favor
of wrong j the spirit which does bloody deeds of
hell, and then invokes the name of justice; the
spirit of technicality and of fraud, which hides
behind the law, and seeks to gain its objects
thus. But there is another spirit of the law, the
spirit of equity and of justice, the spirit which
construes law in favor of the right. When I
adopted the profession of the law as the busi-
ness of my life, I looked to the spirit of justice
and of right; and if I thought myself capable
of pleading law and precedent to sustain such
an election as took place in these parishes,
covered with blood and steeped in fraud, I would
abandon the profession.
No, Mr. Speaker, we are not here to enforce
wrong; we are not here to second the designs
of Kuklux Iilans ; we are not here as natural
Knights of the White Camelia, as the gen-
tleman confesses himself. We are here to judge
this case; and I say again the gentleman con-
cedes it, when he says what he has said here to-
day, that there was a valid election in this dis-
trict. The gentleman relies upon the certificate
of the Governor. Sir, the Governor purposely
refrained from giving a complete and legal cer-
tificate in this case. He said that Mr. St..
Martin received " a majority of the votes cast."
But he did not say, what the law required him
to say, in giving the certificate, that Mr. St.
Martin was ''duly and legally elected." The
Governor told me that he purposely refrained
from saying so, because he did not believe it
to be true.
The gentleman talks here about the registry.
I tell you I care not what the registry was.
What! you are to count the number registered,
and then force them to vote your ticket, and
hold up the registry and compare it with the
vote you have thus obtained. You count up
the number registered, and then by blood and
terror get a majority of those registered to vote
your ticket, and upon that claim the election.
Sir, to give the seat to Mr. St. Martin in this
case would be to put the seal of the Union
upon great blotches of blood.
But, sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] very coolly contradicts the record. The
testimony shows Mr. St. Martin's vote to have
been 12,504. The gentleman brings forward
here tainted, tattered, worthless documents
from the sheriffs office, which are of no account
as evidence. He brings forward some news-
paper figures, without a particle of sanction of
evidence ; and he jumbles and piles them all
up together; or rather, he gets somebody who
has more industry and less conscience than he
has to do it for him, and then comes here and
claims the seat as the result of the election.
According to the evidence, the vote given
for Mr. St. Martin was 12,50-1. According to
the gentleman's own theory the registered vote
was 29,922; so that the vote for Mr. St. Mar-
tin was 2,457—less than one half of the regis-
tered vote, even on his own theory.
And I say it is out of the case, it is imper-
tinent to the case, when men are driven from
the polls at the muzzle of the revolver, or are
threatened with death by the Kuklux Klans if
they do not vote the Democratic ticket, and
then, when they do vote it to save their lives,
for the gentleman to come here and claim the
election on that vote. You had better abol-
ish your officers, you had better abolish your
elections, and turn the whole matter over to
the Kuklux Klans, the Knights of the White
Camelia, and their special attorneys.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman will yield 
Mr. STEVENSON. No; I do not. '
Mr. RANDALL. I juat want to direct the
gentleman's attention.
Mr. STEVENSON.. I do not want my
attention directed by the gentleman; it is al-
ready directed to this case better than .he could
do it in a thousand years.
Mr. RANDALL. But not so impartially.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman says
the reason why Mr. Sypher did not get^ more
votes was because he was unpopular.. Sir, he
was unanimously nominated, having bat one
competitor, who withdrew. He got more votes
in this district than General' Grant -did. Does
the gentleman say that General Grant was so
unpopular ? And yet Mr. Sypher got seventy-
odd more votes than General Grant did. One
of the negroes swears that they all love Mr.
Sypher and would do anything for him. Mr.
Sypher was substantially elected in that district
in the spring of 18G8, receiving, as the -official
record shows, a majority of 2,745 votes. That
is shown by the official record of General Bu-
chanan. "Buchanan," "Buchanan;" which is
good testimony for the gentleman, is it not?
1 tell you, Mr. Speaker, this was a Repub-
lican district, from end-to end, from center to
circumference. It has been carried over the
Republican party by murder; and there are men
here trying to legalize the result of that murder.
I now yield for a motion to take a recess.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
take a recess.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DICKEY. I do not yield.
Mr. RANDALL. As there are a few min-
utes of the hour remaining, I would like the
Clerk to read 
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not yield except
for the motion to take-a recess.
Mr. BURDETT. I would like to present a
report upon the contested election from the
fourth district of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot yield for that
now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] that the House
take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the House
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
Pursuant to order, the House met at halt
past seven o'clock p. m., in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wheeler.in the chair.) and proceeded with
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1068)
to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to state, if it be in
order in Committee of the Whole, that my col-
league, Mi-. Armstkoxg, had paired on the vote
last evening with my colleague, Mr. Haldemax.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that the names of members voting
in Committee of the Whole are not recorded.
Mr. O'NEILL. May not these announce-
ments be made?
The CHAIRMAN. The announcements
may be made in the House if it bo deemed
important.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Armstrong would have
voted to sustain the recommendation ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as to the duty on pig
iron, and Mr. Haldemajt would have voted for a
lower duty than that the committee proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending paragraph as amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron in pigs, 85 per ton.
Mr. MAYNARD. I send to the Clerk's
desk an amendment to the paragraph which
has just been read.
Mr. BECK. I r?§e to a point of order. I
