5628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. Eliot described the modes by which
cargoes of coolies were obtained, how China-
men, called "pig-stealers, or pimps," "go
through villages and towns, up and down the
coast, and into the interior, and there beguile
and deceive their countrymen ; " and he ex-
pressed the opinion that—
"No pirate who has brought slaves from the coast
of Africa more truly deserves execration than those
men who knowingly, who consciously, who, with a
knowledge of the sufferings which have been in-
flicted upon families in China, or upon the victims
of the traffic, have engaged in the work of bringing
coolies from their native homes."
This measure, inspired by justice, liberty,
and humanity, received the almost unanimous
sanction of Congress, the applause of the peo-
ple, and the approval of Christendom. Neither
American capital, American ships, nor Amer-
ican seamen can now lawfully engage in the
coolie traffic ; nor can it find shelter beneath
the American flag. Yet, sir, in spite of this
legislation, American vessels, sailing nnder the
flag of Portugal or Peru, are engaged in that
hateful trade, and portions of our countrymen
receive its wages of sin and death. The demor-
alization and degradation of the coolie traffic
and of that labor contract system are admitted
and confessed. The veteran abolitionists of
England have noted the workings of the system
during the past quarter of a century, and have
remonstrated with their own Government, and
have sent across the ocean to us their warning
voices. The information on which their opin-
ions are based is remarkably full and accurate.
In February last Joseph Cooper, on behalf of
the anti-slavery committee, sent across the
water to us a statement of facts and opinions
which had been brought before the committee
during the last twenty years.
In his letter, covering the transmission of
the facts and conclusions of the British anti-
slavery committee, Mr. Cooper says that the
importation of these contract laborers from
China, " especially into countries where sla-
very had previously existed, has been of the
most harrowing character." Of this trade,
and of this labor system, inaugurated, like the
old African slave trade, by avarice, cupidity,
and a reckless disregard of the claims of a
common humanity, he writes:
" Many rules and regulations have from time to
time been laid down by the British Government, both
in its imperial and colonial capacities, and immigra-
tion assents have been appointed to prevent abuses;
but all efforts have, at least in many cases so far.
proved ineffectual to prevent the perpetration of
very grievous atrocities. Kidnapping and fraud
arestill practiced to a large extent previous to em-
barkation, while, as to the sea passage, the fearful
mortality often indicates the grievous suflerings to
which the immigrants are subjected. The last mail
from Demerara announces the arrival of the ship
Strand, which left Calcutta with four hundred and
sixty-eight coolies on board and only landed throe
hundred and sixty-four alive.
"In Cuba. Chinese immigrants have long been
bought and sold like cattle in the open market, and
there is abundant testimony to the f.ict that their
condition is os bad as that of the slave himself.
"In a parliamentary blue book, published a year
ago, it is stated that ninety-six thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-ohe Chinese were imported into
Cuba within a period of one year and eight months.
" We do not know what the mortality of the Chi-
nese in Cuba is, but we do know that out of more
than one hundred thousand taken into Peru within
twenty vears less than ten thousand are now living,
and that not more than about ono hundred have
ever jeturned to their nativeland.
"As to Jamaica, in a paper presented to the In-
ternational Anti-Slavery Conference, held m Paris
in J8b7, Henry Ctarke, an esteemed clergyman of the
Church of England, who has resided twenty years m
Jamaica, bears striking testimony both to the con-
dition ot the immigrants and the causes which have
led to their importation. He says the suicidal pol-
icy of many ot the planters in making the native
laborers as uncomfortable as possible has driven
them from estate laijor to other occupations, and
that this policy is still continued, another proof that
the spirit of slavery Ion# survives its existence as an
institution. As to the condition of the immigrants
he writes: 'I know this coolie immigration to be the
most atrocious and cruel form of the slave trade and
slavery that has ever existed, since it is worse to
capture i*oople by fraud than by force, and a slave
for life in in a far better position than a slay© for a
short period, because in the one ease it is the own-
er's interest to care for him when sick; in the other
to let him die off as soon as possible. The negroes
themselves say the slaves were never treated m badly
as the coolie?.'
" The subject appears to be of go much importance
to the United States at the present time that I hope
to be kindly excused for thus pressing it."
. Sir, none can deny these facts set forth by
Mr. Cooper, nor can any distrust the sincerity
or question the motives of the British abolition-
ists in calling the attention of our countrymen
to a traffic and to a system so prolific of meas-
ureless evils. In the struggles of thirty years
preceding the slaveholders' rebellion these
British abolitionists profoundly sympathized
with the struggling cause of liberty in America.
In the darkest hours their words of cheer were
an encouragement and inspiration to the anti-
slavery men of our country. And when the
bloody conflict slavery inaugurated came upon
us, when the commercial and privileged classes
of England withheld their sympathy from our
rent, torn, and struggling nation, and gave aid
and comfort to the rebellion, these veteran
anti-slavery men did not waver or falter in
their friendship and support. When slavery
went down in the British colonies they had
seen the planting interest strive to cheapen
labor and supply the place of the emancipated
African by the importation of Chinese laborers.
Having watched and noted the baneful effects
of that system there, they were quick to detect
in the southern slave-masters resort to the
same policy and to the same kind of labor.
The conclusions, therefore, to which those men
have arrived from their years of experience
and observation, and which they have sent us,
should not be lost upon us in our decision of
the question now before us.
As the law of 1862 forbids American em-
ployers, capitalists, freighters, and vessels from
engaging in the coolie trade, Chinese labor-
ers seeking to emigrate to the United States
apply to the wealthy among their own country-
men for aid; and labor contracts are made
not directly with American capitalists, ship-
owners, freighters, and employers, but with
them. An intelligent writer, under the date
of April 0 of the current year, in a letter from
Canton, published in the New York Tribune,
states with clearness and precision the manner
in which these labor contracts are made. This
writer states that all laborers in China are
called coolies, and that " the coolie goes to the
rulers or elders of his town or village, and with
the consent of those interested gives security
on the persons of his family for such a sum as
will secure his passage to the United States.
The elders $o to the mandarin and give him
their united bond for the amount. The man-
darin in turn gives his note to the ticket-brokers,
who furnish the coolie with his ticket. The
bond, by which all the persons are bound, given
to secure the coolie's note held by the brok-
ers, stipulates that in case the coolie fails to
pay the sum charged for his ticket, including
the fees of brokers, mandarin, and elders,
within the specified time, then the indorsers
will pay the same without question.
"The sum charged to the coolie for the ticket
which costs the brokers but forty dollars is
often as high as three or four hundred dollars.
In five instances out of ten he will fail to meet
his obligation. If he fails to pay, the brokers
here demand payment of the mandarin at once.
The mandarin pays the note, charging a heavy
fee for so doing. The elders pay the mandarin,
charge another fee, and demand the amount
from the coolie's family. They being unable
to pay are sold off, one after another, begin-
ning with the youngest girl, until enough is
realized to cancel the debt. In this way whole
families are often reduced to slavery to pay for
a forty-dollar ticket. Two families were sold
in Canton last week to satisfy such a debt.
One of the notes was for $350. Two unmarried
girls, each thirteen years old, were purchased
by an Italian profligate at seventy-five dollars
apiece. One boy was sold for fifty dollars.
Six persons in ail were sold before the requi-
site amount was raised. Girls, however, often
bring higher prices, and sometimes the sale of
a handsome daughter will be sufficient. It is
not unfrequent for different members of a fam-
ily to urge that they may be sold instead of
some loved one that is offered. The heads of
families sell themselves ibto servitude to save
their families.
'' Chinese, besides the sacred family ties com-
mon to all mankind, have a strong religious
desire that their children should be free, to
pay devotion to their memories after they are
dead. When they sell a child they believe
that it is sold body and soul, and that it can .
never again be a relative of theirs, either in
this world or the next; and unless they leave ;
children to pay them certain kinds of devotion
after death their souls ' will wander forever,
naked, cold, and hungry, through an eternal
waste of darkness and terror.' It has some-
times happened that after sale of a family
the coolie returning finds a portion of the
claim still unsatisfied, and he himself is sold
for it."
Sir, this is the contract labor system which
has grown upin China within the last few years,
and which this bill seeks to extirpate. Under
this wretched and debasing system twelve thou-
sand emigrants last year left the port of Hong
Kong for the United States. This writer in
the Tribune states that two thousand left that
port in the last week of March, and that the
indications were that double the number would
leave this year over the number who left last.
In spite of the cruelties, however, perpe-
prated upon the Chinese in California, which
have brought such dishonor and shame to our
country, those who have returned to China
have spread among their countrymen wonder-
ful stories of the "golden hills," teeming val-
leys, and high wages of the Pacific coast. The
desire among the Chinese to emigrate to the
United States has increased and is increasing.
Of course this contract labor system, which is
butanother name for-slavery, and under which
the families of thousands of Chinese have al-
ready been sold into bondage, is rapidly spread-
ing. Wealthy Chinese are engaged in the in-
iquitous traffic. Companies are formed, actuated
by as mercenary motives as ever inspired Afri-
can slave-traders, for the importation into the
United States of this contract labor, while the
demand for it stimulates their activity. But
the system in every aspect is against the genius
and spirit of our reformed institutions; and every
man in America who has been an enemy of
the abhored African slave trade and of chattel
slavery must be its unrelenting foe. Liberty,
justice, humanity, the precepts of Christianity,
as well as the honor of the country and the
rights and interests of the toiling millions of
the land, imperatively demand that Congress
should hasten to extirpate this foul and wicked
labor traffic.
On the loth of December last, months before
Chinese laborers were brought into New Eng-
land, I introduced a bill intended to break up
this lab or-contract system ; and on the 18th of
February I introduced it in a modified form.
When I introduced these measures I did not
anticipate the immediate introduction of eoolie
laborers into Massachusetts; of course my
action was not inspired by it, nor has that intro-
duction of Chinese laborers into New England
intensified my opposition to a system I loathe
and abhor as I loathed and abhorred slavery.
American slavery degraded labor and dishon-
ored laboring men. When it went down in the
fire and blood of civil war everybody felt that
the deadliest foe of labor and of laboring men
had gone down forever. When the late slave-
masters, mourning over their fallen institu-
tion, sought to reconstruct society in the South
on the basis of the degradation of caste and
of serfdom, a loyal Congress and a liberty-
loving and just people, in spite of the apostasy
of Andrew Johnson, sternly resisted the policy,
defeated it, and gave civil and political rights
to the emancipated bondman.
This Chinese labor-contract system is a modi-
fied form of serfdom, peonage, and slavery.
Soulless corporations seeking cheap labor, and
