4084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
and intelligent that tliey can with propriety be
instructed in the various branches of a colle-
giate education. Hence it is that in the several
States there cannot be established an institu-
tion suitable for the higher education of this
class. But there cau be such an institution for
the whole country. The idea has occurred to
those interested in this institution that, while
educating in the ordinary branches of knowl-
edge the deaf and dumb of the District, it may
be so enlarged as to afford this higher educa-
tion to those of the different States who are
capable of receiving it, provided the States
sending the pupils will pay the expense. All
that is now proposed is that the United States
shall so enlarge this institution, which it is
bound to provide for the unfortunates of this
District, that the different States, by paying the
expenses, can send persons here to receive
this higher education.
Last year there graduated at this institution
three young men with as high an education as
that given at any college in the United States.
Two of them are now instructors in deaf and
dumb institutions of the States and command
as high salaries as those who, not being thus
afflicted, hold similar positions. The third was
appointed a clerk in the Patent Oflice; And
when there came a competitive examination
for examiners in the Patent Office he offered
himself with seventeen others to be examined
for that important position. He won one of
the three places that were vacant, because he
passed one of the three best examinations;
and during the last year he has been working
breast to breast with those who have had no
such natural impediment. He is now about
to enter a law school, and he has the ability
which justifies him in entering upon that study.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I trust 1 may bo allowed to
proceed a few moments longer.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, ihe only
question is whether it is worth our while to
ingraft upon an institution which, if we do our
duty, we are obliged to maintain in this Dis-
trict for the education of the deaf and dumb
of the District,, facilities for receiving from the
different States those whom they may wish to
send to one central institution for the purpose
of receiving a higher grade of education than
that usually afforded in such institutions.
Sir, this is the only institution of the kind
in the world, and it has called forth the com-
mendation of men all over the world who are
engaged in the education of the deaf and dumb.
The last census report in England recites the
fact that here in Washington, and here alone,
is a Kiicccssful institution of this kind; and
it is spoken of as being an honor to the city
of Washington and to the nation.
My colleague [Mr. Butler] will -emember
when they undertook in Massachusetts to edu-
cate the feeble-minded, and that the people of
Massachusetts turned upon it and said that it
was beyond the power of man to do it. Yet
perseverance and benevolence have conquered
all that, and poor feeble-minded youths have
entered into that insti-tution at one door and
have come out of the other door capable of
maintaining themselves in society, instead of
being but burdens to their guardians and to the
community. Sir, it is no longer a question
whether you can educate those who have here-
tofore been left to wander in twilight in the
world, and to make them useful members of
society.
And here is another and most striking and
interesting display of what can be done with
those who are deprived of the power of speech
and of hearing, as are the deaf and dumb.
Instead of being immeasurably helpless, they
are now raised up to be ornaments of society
and useful citizens of the Commonwealth.
And yet we are asked to stop and haggle over
the question whether wo will complete the
building which we have begun, because to
some of us it seems to be an unnecessary
expense. I trust this House will pause long
before they turn their backs upon an enterprise
begun in the benevolence of a philanthropic
individual, and which, with the support of Con-
gress, has come to be one of the brightest
ornaments of this city and of this nation, and
which promises to be useful to this whole land.
Mr. STILES. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. DAWES. Let us finish this paragraph,
if we can, and then I will not object to the
committee rising.
Mr. STILES. Massachusetts seems to be
doing all the talking.
Mr. DAWES. I will myself move that the
committee rise as soon as we get through this
paragraph.
Mr. STILES. Very well; I will withdraw
the motion for the present.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment and on the amendment to the amend-
ment has been exhausted.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
tlie amendment to the amendment for the
purpose of saying 
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. SARGENT. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Rut
ler] has already spoken once on this subject.
Mr. BOTLEK, of Massachusetts. 1 beg the
gentleman's pardon ; I ain about to discuss
another amendment, upon which I have not
yet spoken at all.
Mr. SARGENT. I submit my point of
order nevertheless.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
what the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about saying that I was sorry that my remark
called forth such a torrent of eloquence from
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes.] Italmostmade
me wish that that deaf and dnmb man to whom
he has referred so eloquently as having gradu-
ated with such honor had risen one step higher
and had been appointed chairman of our Com-
mittee on Appropriations. [Laughter.]
But the question which I wish to put to
members is this: whether we shall tax the
people of this country, overburdened as they
are to-day, with the cry of economy upon our
lips, for the purpose of constructing a building
only one wing of which is to cost $100,000
to finish, for the sake of showing that wo can
educate, to some extent, one deaf and dumb
mau? That is the simple question which we
have to answer. There has been more than a
million dollars appropriated for this institu-
tion upon the plea, it was said, of educating
the poor deaf and dumb of this District. Now,
unless there are a great many more of that
class in this District, in proportion to the
number of its inhabitants, than there are any-
where else, there cannot be more than half a
dozen deaf and dumb persons in this District.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
overstate the case ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I do not. Two years'ago we tried to settle
this matter, and we agreed, as I understood it,
that what we then appropriated should be the
end of the appropriation for this institution.
The chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations at that time (Mr. Washburn, of Illi-
nois,) fought with his accustomed vigor for
economy. But now we are called upon to
appropriatate §40,775 as current expenses for
a year to educate and graduate three men a
year. That is the extent of what we have
done—$15,000 apiece a year for those who
are educated and graduated, And this is
done upon the recommendation of a commit-
tee which coales here saying, "We mast be
economical; we must not tax the people." Is
this expenditure recommended by the " other
end of the avenue?"
Mr. DAWES. It has not been fifteen min-
utes since my colleague voteti for an appro-
priation of $100,000 for useless hulks upon
the great lakes, and he now refuses to appro-
priate for the education of these deaf and
dumb.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not fif-
teen minutes ago I voted $100,000 to put six
revenue-cutters on the lakes which in the storms
of winter should rescue and save human life,
much more valuable than these deaf and dumb
scholars, as full men are more valuable than
part men. That is what I did then, and what
I will vote for again. My friend will not vote
§100,000 to save life on the great lakes, to put
efficient steamers as revenue-cutters on the
lakes to save life ; yet he will vote $100,000 to
put up a building to educate these deaf and
dumb in a way which God did not intend we
should do. It seems from his argument that
they did so that we may have it said in a book
in England that we have done what they thought
we could not do. It is all very well for exhi-
bition, all very well for Barnum, but not for
men legislating for a great people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STILES. Now, if Massachusetts has
had its talk out I will move that the committee
rise.
Tko motion was agreed to.
'The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bijf-
finton reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly a bill (H. R.
No. 2105) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
PltEVJSNTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. STRICKLAND, byunanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2-287) to amend
section twenty-two of an act entitled "An act
to prevent smuggling, and forother purposes,"
approved July 18,1866, which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. *
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, stated
that he was absent when the vote was taken on
the exclusion of Mr. Whittemore, and that if
present he would have voted in the affirmative.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED CANNON.
Mr. ASPER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
a joint resolution (II. R. No. l>47) donating
certain condemned ordnance to the Lyon
Monument Association; which was read a first
and second time.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of
War to transfer to the Lyon Monument Asso-
ciation twelve condemned cannon, not required
for public service, to be used in the erection of
a monument to the late Nathaniel Lyon, at St.
Louis, Missouri.
Mr. ASPER. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAIGHT, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 348)
donating condemned cannon ; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
