1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
known faet that the salaries or fees of all the
learned professions hare increased from fifty
to one hundred per cent., and the fact that
the salaries of all legislative officers of the
Government have been increased in like pro-
portion, I am aware that this statement will
seem almost incredible, yet a comparison-of
the salaries of officers of all grades in 1861
with the present salaries will confirm the state-
ment.
In 1861 the pay of a major general in gold
was $477, while in 1870 his pay in currency is
$486 70. In 1861 the pay of a brigadier gen-
eral in gold was $329, while in 1870 his pay
in currency is $381. In 1861 the pay of a
colonel in gold was $237, while in 1870 his
pay in currency is $229-. The pay of the officers
of the lower grades is in about the same pro-
portion as those which I have mentioned. The
fact that the actual expense of supporting the
Army is now less in proportion to its num-
bers than before the war is due to the decreased
cost of transporting supplies on account of the-
completion of our railroad communications
with the western posts.
Now, a word as to the alleged extravagance
of our Government in sustaining so large an
Army. There is no nation on earth so eco-
nomical in this respect as our own. North
Germany, with an area of one hundred and
sixty thousand square miles and a population
of thirty millions, has an army of three hun-
dred and nineteen thousand officers and pri-
vates ; and in the list of officers are included
two hundred and five above the grade of col-
onel. Great Britain, with an area, exclusive
of her colonies, of one hundred and twenty-
three thousand square miles and a population
of about thirty millions, also exclusive of her
colonies, has an army of two hundred and
three thousand officers and privates, with six
hundred and fifty-one officers above the rank
of colonel. France, with an area of two hun-
dred and fourteen thousand square miles and
a population of thirty-eight millions, has an
army of four hundred and four thousand offi-
cers and privates,with five hundred and thirty
officers above the grade of colonel; while our
own country, with an area of 3,542,865 square
miles and a population of about forty mil-
lions, supports an army of thirty-seven thou-
sand officers and privates, with only forty offi-
cers above the rank of colonel, and of these
seventeen are on the retired list, and are draw-
ing only the pay of officers on that list.
I know it will be said that the fact that the great
Powers of Europe maintain large standing
armies affords no reason why we should do so;
and yet I think the contrast between the
strength of their military establishments with
our own is sufficiently striking to silence our
fault-finders, particularly in view of the fact
that over nearly one half of our territory we
are constantly in warfare with the Indians, and
upon our little Army is imposed the duty of pro-
tecting thousandsof miles of exposed frontier
and thousands of miles of railroads extending
through the territory recently occupied exclu-
sively by the Indians, a duty so ardAous that
several regiments have had no rest, either
summer or winter, for the past three years.
Now one word in regard to the complaint
that has been made of the faulty organization
of our Army. I do not believe one word of it;
and in proof of the fact that our Army is pot
badly organized, I will refer gentlemen to what
was accomplished by the Army during the late
war. Its deeds during that war were such as
to win the admiration of every nation on earth.
Even Prance, which is acknowledged to be one
of the best, if not the best, military Power in
the world, gave us full credit for what our Army
then did. What that Army has done is the
best proof of the worth of the organization.
I desire to say a few words relative to the
Military Academy, in respon se to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, not because I think the
Academy needs any defense from me, or be-
cause I have any fears that it is in danger of
losing the high position it now holds in the
estimation of the people of this country from
attacks such as that to which we have just
listened. The policy of sustaining sohools for
the education of men upon whom the country
must to some extent rely for its defense is too
well established, not only in this country but in
every country pretending to maintain an army,
to be hastily abandoned. France, which has
the most perfect military establishment of any
nation on earth, supports not less than ten
military schools, devoted exclusively to the
instruction of pupils in military science. At
these various institutions not less than five
thousand pupils receive the instruction neces-
sary to quality them for positions in the French
army. At some of those schools the course
of study is far more extensive and complete
than that taught at West Point. At a portion
of them certain classes are required to pay
tuition, but all of them are free to the sons of
officers and soldiers killed in battle. Admis-
sion to some is competitive, and the future of
every graduate is dependent upon merit.
England supports seven schools. At two of
them the course of study is more extensive and
complete than is taught at our Academy. At
these schools most of the pupils are required
to pay tuition, but to the sons of officers and
soldiers it-is merely nominal. At nearly all
the English military schools admission is com-
petitive.
The military schools of Prussia are more
numerous and extensive than those of Eng-
land. Indeed, every civilized country now has
its establishments at which the art and science
of war is taught. In this country we have one
public school of this character. It has about
two hundred pupils, and costs the country less
per annum than it costs to support a single
ship of war, and less than one third of the an-
nual cost of a regiment of cavalry. More than
one of its graduates during the late war did
services in a single day which more than com-
pensated the nation for the entire cost of the
Academy from the day it was founded to the
present time.
The gentleman says its graduates have been
disloyal. For every Senator or member of
Congress from the. South who remained loyal
to the Government that he will name I will
give him (the names of ten graduates of the
Academy who were loyal and who fought for
the Union. For every member of the legal or
medical profession from the South loyal during
the war I will name ten graduates who were
also loyal. For every graduate of any college
who was born and raised at the South, but who
was true to his country during the war, I will
name ten graduates of the Academy who were
not only loyal but who fought for the Union,
and I will head my list with the names of such
men as George H. Thomas and John Newton.
The gentleman cites, as a proof of the bad
influence exerted fry the West Point Academy,
the fact that Jefferson Davis graduated from
that institution. Well, sir, Aaron Burr grad-
uated at Princeton College ; and according to
the gentleman's logic Princeton should be abol-
ished. If you follow out the gentleman's line
of argument ypu will abolish every literary and
scientific institution in the country, because
there is not one of them that has not graduated
a traitor.
WestPoint is responsible for Jefferson Davis
as a soldier; and as a soldier and a man of cul-
ture she has no reason to feel ashamed of him.
In both these respects he is nearly the equal
of my friend from Pennsylvania, whom surely
no institution would be ashamed to have on its
list of graduates. It is Congress that is respons-
ible for Jefferson Davis as a politician. Here
in these Halls he learned his lessons as a poli-
tician ; and if any institution is to be abolished
on account of his treason, Congress should be
abolished, not the West Point Academy.
One word as to the " aristocracy " at West
Point. There are on this floor several gentle-
men who have been on the Board of Visitors
of that institution; and I believe they will all
agree with me in saying that if these boys, as
they come there, are ''aristocrats," they are
the funniest-looking set of u aristocrats" that
were ever collected in any country. I believe
that three fourths of those that have come there
during the past ten years have not had money
enough on their arrival there to buy a dinner.
One of the best officers in my class, General
Sheridan, told me in the course of a conversa-
tion we had when he was last in this city that
when he arrived at West Point he had not a
dollar in his pocket. He is a pretty fair sam-
ple, I presume, of the "aristocrats " who go to
West Point.
I do not desire to occupy further the time
of the House. I had no intention of saying
anything on this bill except to point out the
fact that the President was right when he said
that the military establishment of the country
for the last five years has been economically
managed; and I have here the figures to prove it.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to put to the
gentleman one inquiry. He says the organiz-
ation of our Army is not clumsy. I suppose
he refers to its organization during the war,
and not to its present organization with over
six hundred staff officers to a little more than
thirty thousand men.
Mr. SLOCUM. I agree with the gentleman
in the main as to the propriety of reducing the
staff corps.
The amendment of Mr. N egley was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act shall beconstruedto prevent the assignment
to duty, as additional second lieutenants, of the grad-
uates of the Military Academy.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any officer of the Army of the United
States to hold any civil office, whether by election or
appointment, and any such officer accepting or ex-
ercising the functions of a civil office shall at once
cease to be an officer of the Army, and his commis-
sion shall be vacated thereby.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I move to amend
by adding at the end of section eleven the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That any officer retired under the pro-
visions of thi3 bill may bo allowed to hold any civil
office to which ho may be elected or appointed with-
out loss of his pay.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to say a
word in support of this amendment. I approve
almost every provision of this bill, and I have
been very highly gratified in listening to the
speech which the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has made in
support of it. Gentlemen generally on this side
of the House favor the measure, and I agree
with them in thinking it an important step
toward cutting down the enormous expenses
of this Government. But I understand these
retired officers are by law exempt from any call
or demand on the part of the General of the
Army. Their pay, therefore, is in the nature
of a pension. Now, many of them are men of
ability. Many of them desire tb hold positions
in civil life, and the people among wl^om they
live also desire to promote them to those posi-
tions. It may be essential to enable them to
obtain money enough to support their families.
They are worthy of our consideration because
many of these retired officers have rendered
distinguished service to the Government, and
the privilege I propose is one I think we can
very well accord to them. If it be inconsistent
with our system of government to appoint mili-
tary officers to civil positions, all I have to say
is, that these men are not connected with the
Army of the United States, and will not be in
the future, and their holding civil offices will
not conflict with any such theory of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I should like to have the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky for
a moment. I think if he will look at the sec-
tion he will accept the substitute I will propose.
I move, in section eleven, after the words
