1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4685
the Secretary of War to deliver to the Soldiers'
Monument Association at Hightstown, New
Jersey, for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
monument at that place, four pieces of con-
demned bronze cannon suitable for that pur-
pose.
Mr. IIAIGHT. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAIGHT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at the present time
a joint resolution, granting condemned cannon
to the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument Asso-
ciation of Delaware,
* The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which objections
may be made, if any.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War to donate
certain condemned cannon to the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Monument Association of Delaware,
for the monument in memory of the soldiers
and bailors of that State who died in defense
of the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to know
how much more condemned cannon there is.
Mr. LOGAN. There is any amount of it.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Then I make no objec-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a jointresolution
which makes a general provision for granting
condemned cannon to municipal authorities.
This would apply to all such cases as this, and
I object to all these special resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The grant here is pro-
posed to be made, not to municipal corpora-
tions, but to a monument association.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the joint resolu-
tion to which I refer any State, county, or
town may apply for these grants. I would
prefer to make the provisions broad enough
to give all a chance.
The joint resolution was received, read three
times, and passed.
Mr. PACKER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution donating four
condemned cannons to company C forty-seventh
Pennsylvania volunteers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to this, _ as I
objected to the similar joint resolution intro-
duced by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] on the ground that I want a general
law on the subject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] state that he objected to
the introduction of the joint resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] as well
as to the joint resolution ot the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Packer'?]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. .
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution ot
the gentleman irom Illinois was declared to
have passed; but after the statement of the
gentleman from Ohio, that he objected, that
action will be considered rescinded.
LEAVii of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. NIBLACK obtained leave of absence
till Monday next.
Mr. COWLES obtained leave of absence for
two weeks from Wednesday.
Mr. BENTON obtained indefinite leave ot
absence.
KXROLLBD BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bnis and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 327) for thereliefof William
H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 724) for the relief of James
M. Trotter and William H. Dupree ;
An act (S. No. 459) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Army
and Navy;
An act (S. No. 347) for the relief of J.Allen
Porter;
An act (S. No. 582) for the relief of George
W. Tarleton ;
Ajoint resolution (S. R. No. 115) to provide
for the payment of the claim of Martha A. Estill,
administratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
deceased, Redick McKee, and Pablo de la
Toba;and
Ajoint resolution (S. R. No. 157) conferring
upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear
and determine the claim of William B. Camp-
bell.
JURISDICTION OF COURTS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2280) regulating
the jurisdiction of eourts in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STILES. I now insist on my motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition
of Batt. Peterson, of Brazos county, Texas,
for removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER: Statement of murders
and depredations committed by Indians in
Maverick county, Texas.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of EL C.
Elliott, late lieutenant colonel of the one hun-
dred and eighteenth Indiana volunteer infan-
try, praying for a special act allowing a pen-
sion.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition and remon-
strance of the International Ocean Telegraph
Company against the subsidy asked for by the
Pacific Submarine Telegraph Company.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 22, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal ot yesterday was read and
approved.
BRIDGE ACROSS MISSOURI RIVER.
Mr. PALMER. I again ask unanimous con-
sent to report back irom the Committee 011
the Pacific Railroad House bill No. 1^27, to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river, with amendments.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which objections to its consideration at this
time will be in order. r
The bill, which was read, provides fnat lor
the more perfect connection of any railroads
that are or shall be constructed to the Missomi
river, at or near Council Buffs, /Owa-> .ant'
i Omaha, Nebraska, the Missouri River bridge
i Company be. and ishereby, authorized to con-
I struct and maintain a bridge over said river
i! at Council Bluffs, provided that said onuge
shall be constructed in accordance with ue
plans and regulations, and be subject to_tno
supervision and uses, terms and conditions
prescribed in the first and second sections of
an act to authorize the construction of certain
bridges, and to establish them as post roads,
approved July 25,1866, and when so constructed
shall be and remain a military and post road.
The amendments were to insert "Railway"
between " Missouri River" and "Bridge Com-
pany;" insert "Omaha and" between "at"
and " Council Bluffs." Also to add to the bill
the following:
And provided further, Thatthespnns of said bridge,
from pier to pier, shall not be less than two hundred
and fitty feet.
No objection was made to the consideration
of the hill.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend the last
amendment by striking out "two hundred and
fifty feet" and inserting "three hundred and
fifty feet," so as to provide that the span shall
be three hundred and fifty feet.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendments, as amended,
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA STATE UNIVERSITY.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, from the Commitee on the Public
Lands, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 253)
authorizing the allowance of the claim of the
State of Minnesota to lands for the support
of a State university.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
in adjusting the claim of the State of Minne-
sota to lands for the support of a State uni-
versity, to approve and certify selections of
land made by the Governor of said State to
the Mi amount of seventy-two sections men-
tioned in the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary 20, 1857, without taking into the account
the lands that were reserved at the time of the
admission of the State into the Union and
donated to said State by the act of Congress
approved March 2, 1861.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. Is that bill reported from
a committee ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It is from the
Committee on the Public Lands. It passed
the Senate during the last Congress, but failed
in the House for want of time. It has been
reported by three committees.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I cannot help making
a single remark in regard to this bill, and I do
so with regret, because I am very anxious^to
agree with my friend from Minnesota. But
in the few moments I have had to examine the
laws making the original grants both to the
Territory and to the State of Minnesota, I have
become reasonably satisfied that the present
bill would be a duplication of the giant and, in
my opinion, the grant to the State of Minne-
sota was intended only to be a confirmation
of the former grant to the Territory. In 18-51
an act was passed to authorize the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories of Oregon and
Minnesota to take charge of school lands in
said Territories, and for other purposes. 'The
first section of that act provides—
" Thilt the ftnvernors and Legislative A«wml>lie-< of
the Territories ot Oregon and Minnesota be, aim taey
are herebv, nut homed to make such laws and newi-
fulrc-uhitionsns they shall doom mo.sfc expedient in
3/ioleci from injury and wa^te sections nuinpeie'L
sixteen and lhnty-*ix m said Territories, ro.ened
iu eauii ^ nshipfurliie supported sciiools tliciom.
Mr. CULLOM. Is this bill before the House?
i The SPEAKER. It is : the Chair heard 110
i objection to its consideration.
' Mr. CULLOM. I think we had better have
the regulai order.
