1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3741
Ausbern states that be was a scout employed
in the service of the United States, and was
arrested and imprisoned by the rebels on ac-
count of his Unionism, and makes out a very
just and strong case. I move the reference
of (he petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of J. W.
Parish & Co., of St. Louis, Missouri, praying
to be allowed $16,000 for their actual losses
sustained by reason of meltage and loss of ice
and loss on hire of barges occasioned by an
annulment of a contract by the Secretary of War,
which they represent they made with D. L.
Magrnder, surgeon United States Army and
medical purveyor, at Louisville, Kentucky, on
the 7th of January, 1864, and which was ap-
proved by the Acting Surgeon General J. K.
Barnes; which was referred to the Committee j
on Claims.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Louis
Goldstoue, of the city of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, a citizen of the United States, and a
merchant by occupation, who represents that
in the year 1865, while connected with the
mercantile transactions at Victoria,Vancouver
Island, he ascertained from officers in the em-
ploy of the Russian-American Fur Company
Ht Sitka that the lease held by the Hudson
Bay Company for the privilege of trading in ,
Russian America was about to expire. That
fact, in view of the friendly relations existing
between this Government and that of Russia,
led him to believe it possible, when the Hud-
son Bay Company's lease should expire, to
secure to himself and associates any sub-lease ;
which the Russian-American Company might
be disposed to make. In order to accomplish
this important work he thought it necessary to
send to the country a considerable force, and
to that end he purchased two schooners, the
Lord Raglan and the Native, and having fully
equipped them, he employed and put on board
of those vessels a corps of men of experience
and science, with all the needful scientific in-
strument* to make a thorough exploration of
the regions named, with full instructions to sur-
vey Alaska and the adjacent islands. He asks
remuneration for certain services rendered by
him in the exploration of the Northern Pacific
ocean, which he alleges resulted in the acqui-
sition of the territory of Alaska by this Gov-
ernment. I move that his petition be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of Susan Coody and others be
withdrawn from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
1996) granting a pension to Horace Clough,
submitted an adverse report thereon j which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hiram R. Rhea,
praying for a pension, reported a bill (S. No.
936) granting a pension to Hiram R. Rhea;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Herman J. Schulties, first lieutenant of the
first Wisconsin cavalry, praying for a pension,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William A. Rich-
ardson and others, surviving privateersmen of
the war of 1812, residing at Marblehead, Massa-
chusetts, praying to be allowed pensions, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 851) granting a
pension to Olive Coombs, reported it with an
amendment
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Peter P. Pitchlynn, delegate of the Choctaw
Indian nation, asking for the issue of bonds to
the amount of $250,000 by the United States,
in pursuance of treaty stipulations, to that
nation, have instructed me to make a report
recommending that that be done; and tliey
have also instructed me to submit an amend-
ment, to be offered as an additional section to
the Indian appropriation bill, carrying into
effect the recommendations of their report. I
move that the report be printed; and I give
notice that I shall move that amendmeut to the
Indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The report will be ordered to
be printed, and the amendment will be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
duty on piiotog rapi1s.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R. I
No. 199) providing for the admission of photo- j
graphs for exhibition free of duty, to report
it back with an amendment; and as it is a
matter of very trilling importance and should
be acted upon now if it is to be acted upon at
all, I ask for its present consideration if there
be no objection.
Mr. FERRY. What is it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A joint res-
olution to allow some photographs for exhibi-
tion to be entered free of duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; let us have the
regular order. I am sorry to be compelled to
make the objection against my colleague.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This resolution will be
worth nothing unless it is passed now. There
is to be an exhibition in the first week of June
j in Cleveland of photographs from Europe and
various portions of our own country, and unless
I the resolution is passed now it will be of no use.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objec-
: tion, but give notice that I shall never with-
draw another until I change my mind. [Laugh-
ter.]
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that all
photographic pictures imported into the Uni-
ted States for exhibition at the exhibition of
the National Photographic Association of the
United States, to be held at Cleveland, Ohio,
commencing June 7, 1870, and not intended
j for sale, shall be admitted free of duty.
! The Committee on Finance reported the
joint resolution with an amendment, to add the
following:
Under such rules and regulations as the Secretary
: ofthe Treasury shall prescribe: Provided, That bonds
! shall be given for the payment to the United States
i of such duties as are now imposed by law upon any
!j and all such pictures as shall not be reexported prior
j | to the 1st day of October, 1870.
! \ The amendment was agreed to.
! | The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
; ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
| j to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
order of bcsinbss.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to call up
at this time House joint resolution No. 86. I
have been trying for some time to get it up. I
think it will take but a few moments.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall object until the morn-
ing business is through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. STEWART. I wiil wait until the morn-
ing business is concluded.
Mr. HARLAN. I gave notice last evening
that I should ask the Senate to permit Senate
bill No. 529 to be taken up this morning, upon
which I wish to submit a few remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Merely for that purpose ?
Mr. HARLAN. I should be glad to have
the bill considered also. I do not desire to
come in conflict in a matter of courtesy with
the honorable Senator from Nevada. If he
insists, of course I shall not persist in my
motion.
Mr. STEWART. I will not insist against the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The intro-
duction of bills aud joint resolutions is now in
order.
bills introduced.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
937) to incorporate the Atchison, Topeka, and
Santa F6 Railway Company, and to aid in the
construction of said railway along the line of
the thirty-fifth parallel to the Pacific coast;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
938) to improve the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river at its mouth; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 201) for the relief of Richard Field;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
j. allen porter.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 347, for
the relief of J. Allen Porter. It is a small bill
which will occupy only a minute or two. The
bill will explain itself*.
Mr. HALtLAN. I regret to object to taking
up that bill; but as I had made a previous
I request, I feel constrained to inform the Sen-
E ator of that fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time.
Mr. PRATT. This ia the first time, I be-
lieve, that I ever made a request of the kind
in the Senate, and Mr. Porter is now here and
desires an early disposition of the case.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment to J.
Allen Porter, sole heir of the late William L.
Porter, lieutenant fifth United States cavalry,
of the pay of an assistant adjutant general of
volunteers, from November 10, 1864, the date
of his muster-out as first lieutenant fifty-sixth
Ohio volunteers, to April 9, 1865, the date he
received the order directing the same, he hav-
ing been on duty at headquarters department
of the Cumberland up to the latter date.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with amendments. The amendments were in
line eight to Btrike out "April 9" and insert
" May 1;" in line nine to strike out the words
"be received the order directing the same"
and to insert the words "of his appointment
as captain and assistant adjutant general of
volunteers;" and in line ten to strike out the
words " up to the latter date " and to insert
"during such interval in that capacity;" so
that the bill will read :
That there be paid to J. Allen Porter, sole heir of
the late William L. Porter, lieutenant fifth United
States cavalry, the pay of an assistant adjutant gen-
eral of volunteers, from November 10,1864, the date
of his muster-out as first lieutenant fifty-sixth Ohio
volunteers, to May 1,1865, the date of his appoint-
ment as captain and assistant adjutant general ot
volunteers; he having been on duty at headquarters
department ofthe Cumberland during such interval
in that capacity.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate aaamend-
ed; and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time* and passed.
commerce with sooth america.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
