1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
how quickly if one of these conditions had not
been fulfilled on their part we should have
rejected them. Bat they come here now with
a clean sheet, having complied with every re-
quirement of the law, and now Congress is asked
to say in plain term3 "You must do one thing
more ; you must swear a little harder." Sir,
in the constitution, and one of the constitutions
that was submitted, was whether they should
take this oath, and they voted it down. That
question, then, is res adjudicata under the
agreement between Congress and these people.
But my honorable friend from Nebraska
finds his authority in the seventh and last sec-
tion of the act of April 10 last for this further
legislation, which section says that—
"The proceedings in any of said States shall not
be deemed final or operate as a complete restora-
tion thereof until their action respectively shall be
approved by Congress."
• I understood the other day my honorable
friend from Massachusetts to claim that as the
section under which we had authority to keep
out these people. Now, sir, what is the plain,
judicial rendering of that section ? It is that
Congress shall approve of the action prescribed
in the act itself. No other action did Con-
gress reserve to itself the right to exercise con-
trol over, except to see and approve of their
action under this law. That is my rendering
of the power of Congress to ask further legisla-
tion upon this subject under the seventh sec-
tion. The truth stands out that on that one
single page of the statutes of this country which
contains thatactis recorded the condition upon
which Virginia was to be let in.
Now, Mr. President, one further considera-
tion and I have done. I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
and all of the honorable Senators who have
taken the other view of this matter to ques-
tion the bona fides of this action, to question
the good and sound faithful intent of these
parties to stand by their approval of the fif-
teenth amendment. Sir, the highest evidence
that humanity can give of its intention to do
a thing is to do it. They did do it. But these
gentlemen say " Some other States have taken
it back." I know they have; but does the
honorable Senator who introduced that argu-
ment intend to saythatatthetimeof the adop-
tion they did not in good faith adopt it and
intend to stand by it? But, sir, the wheels of
political agitation have rolled the party under
that nobly adopted it, and an accidental major-
ity have attempted that most x-idiculous of all
things, to undo an indorsement of a constitu-
tional amendment byapreceding Legislature ;
and when that comes to be weighed in the bal-
ance of judicial decision it will not stand as
long as a white frost before a June sun. Their
speedy action shows that they thought
"If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It were done quickly."
Mr. President, what right has any honorable
Senator on this floor to say that Virginia does
not intend to stand by this provision? Is it be-
cause the Radical party did not succeed ? I hail
it as one of the proudest triumphs of Republican
principles that even the Conservatives of rebel-
lious Virginia have adopted our only panacea,
have been wise enough, having been made
wiser by her tribulation, to adopt that great
healing balm as the cure for all her woes. I
repeat, I hail it as the proudest triumph. We
know the Radicals are all right, and when they
can bring two hundred thousand Conservatives
up to this platform of human rights and human
equality, if the Republican party never won
another triumph that would be sufficient.
But, sir, I deny the authority of this body
to say, I deny the propriety of saying to these
people who have so manfully and so nobly
complied with these measures, that they have
done it in bad faith and with a design to cheat.
1 repeat in conclusion what I said the other
day: let Virginia cheat if she dare, and I say
it in no spirit of bravado, she must stand in
judgment before a more fearful tribunal, and
she will receive a punishment more severe than
Congress has any power to inflict. She will
, stand before the enlightened world as having
broken her plighted faith ; and I say the retribu-
tion is too terrible even for her to contemplate.
Nov/, Mr. President, let there be no dodging,
no equivocation, no cheating on the part of
Congress; stand to your agreement, and I de-
mand that Virginia shall stand to hers. I believe
that Congress will stand by its agreement, and
I as honestly believe that Virginia will stand
by hers. My friend from Nebraska says Vir-
ginia is just out of rebellion. The records of
this body will show that since I have been a
member, and since this terrible rebellion, I
have exercised no undue haste to get these
people back. I have been as reluctant to receive
them when I thought they were unregenerated
as any Senator on this floor. I have said here
and elsewhere, and it is recorded, that they
went madly out, and they never should return
with my consent until they came in a state of
entire regeneration. Congress thought so, and
enacted that compliance with the provisions
we prescribed should bo the highest evidence
of regeneration. Virginia has complied nobly.
I say therefore, on the part of the Congress of
this nation, on the part of the Senate of this
nation, that they shall be true to their agree-
ment, true to their pledges, true to the inter-
ests of this Government, and true to Virginia.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, beyond all
question the spectacle which the Senate ex-
hibits upon this question is one of the most
extraordinary that in any period of its history
it has exhibited. Eighteen months ago one
portion of the Senate, embracing Senators of
one political party, stood in solid column here
to vote upon bills of reconstructed States the
very same provisions which a number of those
same Senators are now opposing and voting
against.
I have been looking around and listening
very carefully to see if I could find the ex-
planation of this change of front on the part
of Senators, and I am unable to get any ex-
planation of it from them, and I am not sure
that I have discovered it myself. Senators
here take openly the very opposite ground to
that which they took in May and June, 1868,
and they do not explain why and how it is that
they have come to the right-about-face in this
manner. Then, sir, the controversy was be-
tween the united mass of the Republican Sen-
ators and the united mass of the Democratic
Senators; and the arguments that we on this
side of the Chamber had to meet were those
which were spoken by those Democratic Sen-
ators. Now how changed the attitude of things!
The Democratic Senators all silent, except
when the Democratic Senator from Delaware
wants to rise and in the face of the Senate and
the country communicate to us the important
information that he is a friend of the white
man, and that the white man has at least one
friend in the Senate of the United States.
Silent they are! They have no objections to
urge against that which they objected to so
strenuously eighteen or twenty months ago.
No, sir; they have found spokesmen among the
Republican Senators. We have to contest it
here with our own political associates, and the
Democratic Senators come to play " second
fiddle" to them. Sir, I do not know what this
means. They do not tell us what it means ;
all that we hear from day to day is, " Let Vir-
ginia come in without any conditions what-
ever." All we hear to-day, and have heard
ever since Monday week, is a repetition by
Republican Senators here of the very argu-
ments which they themselves eombatted and
overcame eighteen months ago when proceed-
ing from Democratic Senators, and they do
not tell us why they have changed their front.
I think, Mr. President, I understand this
thing in some little degree. Eighteen and
twenty months ago, when we were legislating
in regard to reconstructed States, there was a
necessity for passing every bill that we sought
to pass by a two-thirds vote against a veto that
should come from the other end of the avenue,
and Senators under this necessity stood to-
gether upon principle, and took the same views
of policy, and passed bills in the first instance
and then passed them by the two-thirds major-
ity, my honorable friend from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] being all the time one of them, and
now he is with the Democrats over there on
this question. There is one very singular
thing about this: that whereas every other of
those reconstructed States that have been
admitted showed itself in its elections to have
ranged itself under the banner of the Repub-
lican party, and we yet imposed fundamental
conditions upon every one of them, now, when
Virginia, the first of them that takes herplace
with the opposing party, wishes to come in, it
is proclaimed, "Let her come in without any
condition." Sir, I am afraid that all this indi-
cates far more than appears upon the surface.
I have heard of such things as individuals
taking it into their heads that the Republican
party was to go to pieces, and looking out to
see where they could plant their anchors to
windward in the new party that was to come
up. I do not say that any Republican Senator
here is governed by any such idea as that; but
the idea exists in some quarters; and who
knows, who can tell but that it may have entered
the sacred precincts of this Senate Chamber?
Time will show whether it has or not; and
time, too, will show where the American peo-
ple stand upon this question. Sir, I for one
do not belong to that class of men who are
looking out ahead to see where in the disrup-
tion of parties I am to land. I plant no anchors
to windward for political preferment. I intend
to drop my anchor always into the firm and
solid ground of principle, knowing that only
there will it hold, and everywhere else it will
drag before the streams of popular vacillation.
We are told that Virginia has complied with
every condition and that it is bad faith to re-
quire others. I appeal to the memory of Sen-
ators to bear me out in the statement that this
argument has been used with reference to every
reconstructed State that we have admitted. Ark-
ansas was the first on the list, and when wo
desired to impose fundamental conditions upon
her it was objected that she had done all that
we had required of her and that it was bad
faith to require anything more. The objection
was met and answered, and the Senate, by its
imposition of fundamental conditions, declared
and fixed it certainly as its judgment that that
argument had no force or weight. To use the
language of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] just now, this point is res adjudicata.
The Senate has declared and decided that
because any particular one of those States did
comply with the conditions imposed, that did
not prevent us from imposing other conditions-
precedent to her admission into Congress.
But, sir, do we require Virginia to do any-
thing more? No, sir. We have heretofore
required her to do certain things, and now the
proposition is to put conditions upon her as to
what she shall not do. We wish to block up
the way in the future. We wish to prevent her
from doing hereafter that which is contrary to
the principles of republican government. We
wish to prevent the outbreak hereafter of that
spirit of aristocracy and caste which has mani-
fested itself in that State feore determinedly and
ferociously than in any other southern State.
And how are we met on this point? We are told
that Virginia has given us her word, and let us
trust her. I do not know how many times the
Senator from Nevada on my left [Mr. Stew-
art] invoked respect for the word of Virginia.
Sir, how many times before 18fil had Virginia
given her word in favor of the Union, and yet
in that fated year she blotted out the whole
great record of her past devotion to the Union
in streams of blood of American citizens. Her
word, sir! The word ofrebels and traitors to
be held up in the Congress of the United States
as a sacred thing which we ought to respect!
