1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
understand that the paragraph just read was
passed last evening, and that the following
paragraph, that relating to scrap iron, was
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. CESSNA. In correspondence with the
statement of the Chair, my recollection is that
last evening the Chair announced that r,he
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] was still pending, and that all amend-
ments designed to perfect the paragraph would
be in order before the question was taken on
the motion to strike oat and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. There is now pending a
substitute offered by the gentleman from Iowa
for this and the subsequent paragraphs relating
to iron.
Mr. BECK. May I be permitted to state
that I was misled by what I understood to be
the statement of the Chair, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa would apply to
the whole subject of iron, but would not be in
order as an amendment to a single paragraph ?
The CHAIRMAN. That was not the ruling
of the Chair.
Mr. BECK. I misunderstood the Chair.
Mr. KELLEY. My recollection accords with
that of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] though I do not pretend to bo precise,
as there was a great deal of confusion in the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk informs the
Chair that no portion of the next paragraph
was read. The amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And in addition thereto, 15 per cont. ad valorem.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order for
me to say that the effect of this amendment
would be to make the duty on the poorer and
cheaper kinds of pig iron a little lower than
the sum originally named in the bill, while on
the superior qualities the duty would be some-
thing higher?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has said
it, [laughter;] but all debate on this paragraph
has been closed by order of the House.
Mr. KERR. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee in order after the com-
mittee has fixed the duty on pig iron at $5
per ton?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is in order. While nothing that
has been inserted by the committee can be
struck out, new matter may be inserted or
added.
Mr. MAYNARD. As gentlemen on the
other side seem to differ in their recollection
as to the attitude of the paragraph, I will, in
order to avoid any question, withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
next paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
On scrap iron of every description, 86 per ton
Provided, That nothing shall bo deemed scrap iron
excopt waste or refuse material that has been m
actual use and is fit only to be remanufaetured.
Mr. SCHENCK. To remove ambiguity, I
am directed by the committee to move an
amendment to this paragraph. Page 14, line
three hundred and twenty-three, strike out
" material" and in lieu thereof insert "iron.1'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
have a vote upon this paragraph ; but I do not
think it advisable to go on with the further
consideration of this bill until we have a fuller
committee than we now have.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to have action
of the committee the gentleman must move an
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see even many
members from Pennsylvania present.
Mr. CAKE. I move an amendment in line
three hundred and twenty 
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraph has
been passed.
Mr. BECK. I move in line three hundred
and twenty-one to strike out " $6" and insert
" $4," so that it will read, "on scran iron of
every description, $4 per ton," &c. Mr. Chair-
man, we have fixed the tariff on pig iron at
$5 per ton, and it occurs to me in analogy to
the value of the article and to our past tariff
bills that $4 a ton is a fair duty on scrap iron ;
but especially when taken in connection with
the proviso which is a part of this section pre-
ventinganythingfrom being called scrap except
waste or refuse iron that has been used, I am
content with $5 on pig iron. I think the re-
duction from $9 to $5 per ton perhaps enough
at once, and $4 on scrap iron will bear the same
relation to that as $5 to the other. I wish just
hereto say, Mr. Chairman, as the suggestion
was made yesterday by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that while I profess to bo
a free-trader I advocated and voted for a tariff
on hemp. I desire to say to the committee
that while I do desire to encourage and pro-
mote free trade everywhere when it can be
done, believing it is belter for thu country to
buy where we can buy cheapest and to sell
where we can sell highest, still I do not think
it possible at this time. I would not break
down any interest of this country by adopting
it too suddenly.
I know that during the last year the Govern-
ment collected nearly $400,000,000 from taxes.
The committee say this bill and the proposed
internal revenue bill will make a reduction of
$50,000,000. I think we can properly reduce
the present taxation $100,000,000, thus col-
lecting $300,000,000 instead of $400,000,000,
and that we can manage to ran the Govern-
ment for $250,000,000, leaving a surplus of
$50J000,000 toward the payment of the public
debt. 1 would reduce the tax on all articles
of prime necessity down to a point that will
bring about this result or approximate it. A
duty of $5 a ton on pig iron and $4 on scrap
iron, with a proportionate reduction on other
articles made of iron, will aid greatly in bring-
ing about this result, and thereby save the peo-
ple indirectly a very large sum. I do not
believe it feasible to do away with all tariff for
protection now. The attempt to do it will par-
alyze the industry of the country.^ Wo must
approach it by degrees. I am looking at prac-
tical results and not dealing in speculations,
however much I might desire to arrive at the
other result, which I hope will be at no distant
day. This tariff on iron bears very oppressively
on the people. We cannot get rid of all tariff
upon it without breaking down some of the
industries of the country. All we can expect
is a reduction of duty; and the reduction I
propose on scrap iron bears, I think, a fair
proportion to the reduction on pig iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I hope
no such amendment as that proposed will be
adopted. I am unwilling to believe that the
House of Representatives will adhere to what
was done last evening, bringing pig iron down
to $5 a ton. The Committee of Ways and
Means, when they fixed the duty on pig iron at
$7, retained the same relative proportion on
scrap iron, fixing it at $G a ton—$1 less than
the duty on pig iron. Since this decision of
the Committee of Ways and Means I am satis-
fied, upon a further investigation of the subject,
that a great deal of what is called scrap iron
ought to stand at a higher rate of duty instead
of a less than pig iron. They are introducing
from abroad at this time large quantities of old
rails and other sorts of iron under the present
duty of $8 a ton ; and this singular fact is pre-
sented, that that which costs most pays the
least duty. I find by late manifestoes of ves-
sels that great quantities of old rails are intro-
duced, valued at from 90 to 98 shillings a ton;
that is from $22 to $23 up to $24 a ton, while
pig iron introduced at 59 and 00 shillings per
ton, which is equivalent to about $15, pays $9,
and this scrap iron pays but $8. I am satisfied,
therefore, that if any distinction is made it
ought to be to put scrap iron, or large portions
of scrap iron, that is scraps from wrought iron,
at even a higher rate of duty than pig iron;
certainly not at a less. This was the case
always until 1865.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is not the
scrap iron used in this country more valuable
than pig iron ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; the scrap iron
is really more valuable. I do not know why
this distinction is made. We found it in the
tariff, and the Committee of Ways and Means
have perpetuated it in the proposition they have
now made. But on investigation I am satisfied
that they are wrong. In 1842-all were included
at $9 a ton without distinction ; the next tariff
put them all at 30 per cent.; the next at 24
per cent.; then the whole came back to $G.
But never until 1865 was a distinction made
between pig iron and scrap iron. In 1865 began
that distinction which put scrap iron at $1 less
than pig iron, and yet when we come to look
at the facts we find that scrap iron is really
much more valuable—all that portion of it
which consists of old rails and wrought iron
reduced to scraps—than the pig iron itself; so
that if there be any distinction made, as I said
before, it ought to be in placing the scrap iron
above the pig iron. But at the most there
ought not to be a distinction made between
them.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I think I can
explain in part the reasons which have made
the distinction between the dutie's in former
tariffs on scrap iron and pig iron.
Mr. CESSNA. Mr. Chairman, I dislike
to interrupt the gentleman from New York,
but 1 desire to point out that we have already
had one speech in favor of the amendment
and another against it.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment in
order that the gentleman from New York may
renew it.
Mr. WOOD. I renew the amendment. I
do so for the purpose of making a few prac-
tical remarks with reference to this article now
under consideration. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] has told us that hereto-
fore old iron rails have been imported under
the title of scrap iron at a less rate of duty,
which were really more valuable than the pig
iron. The gentleman has guarded against a
repetition of that difficulty by incorporating a
proviso which virtually excludes the rails, and
virtually confines scrap iron exclusively to
articles which he calls refuse material. Now,
I will state to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] the reason why scrap iron has been
favored as against pig iron. We have a very
large commerce with the British West India
Islands, consisting entirely of sending out our
own products and bringing nothing back in
return. In almost every instance our vessels
are obliged to return in ballast, being unable
to bring back a cargo suitable to our market
which would pay the duties imposed on articles
which we manufacture. It has been the prac-
tice of those vessels trading to ports with which
we had no return commerce to gather scrap
iron as ballast instead of going to the expenso
of buying stone or sand for the purposes of bal-
last. Now, in many cases this ballast has been
brought into the port of New York, has been
placed upon the dock, and in some instances
has been carted away at a merely nominal
price. Really a large portion of it was unfit
for every purpose and objeejto which pig iron
is generally put in the process of smelting to
manufacture iron. Consequently it has been
in the interest of our commerce, in the inter-
est of our navigation, to offer that facility to
our shipping to bring back these scraps of re-
fuse iron for the purpose of ballast, and not
for the purpose of commerce. Hence it was
that in previous tariffs there was a discrimina-
tion made in favor of the shipping interests.
Now, we have already fixed the duty on pig
iron at $0 a ton, and there is, in my judgment,
great propriety in reducing that on scrap iron
to $4 a ton, because while it may be true that
