1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
"United States" to insert the words "on the
active list j" bo it will then read:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
bo lawful for any officer of tho Army of the United
States on the active list to hold any civil ofiiso,
whether by election or appointment, and any officer
accepting or cxercising tho functions of a oivil office
shall at onoe cease to be an officer of tho Army, and ;
his commission shall bo vacated thereby.
I will offer that as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
or as a substitute for his amendment, if he pre-
fers it. It covers the same ground, and I wish
to say a word on the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I prefer not to
accept it as a substitute.
The SPEAKER. Tho question then recurs cn
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tacky.
Mr. MUNGEN. I offer my amendment as
an amendment to the amendment of thegentle-
man from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
exclude the right of tho gentleman from. Ken-
tucky to have a vote on his substitute.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to say a word. I hope
neither one of these amendments will be adopt-
ed. A retired officer of the Army is as much
a commissioned officer as he ever was. He is ,
only retired from active service. He still holds
a commission and draws his pay. It is pro-
posed that these retired officers shall draw pay
as such, and that they shall also draw the sal-
aries of civil positions. If the people shall
elect a retired officer to a civil office, and he
prefers that pay to his retired pay, he can resign
his commission in the Army and accept the
civil position. That is what we propose in this
bill.
The amendment of Mr. Jokes, of Kentucky,
was disagreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I now move the amendment
whicli I have already indicated, and I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section eleven, after the words "United States,"
insert "on the active list;" so that it will then read:
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not
bo lawful for any officer of the Army of the United
States on the aetivo list to hold any civil office,
whether by election or appointment, and any officer
accepting or exercising tho functions of a civil office
shall at once cease to be an officer of the Army, and
his commission shall be vacated thereby.
Mr. MUNGEN. I hare listened with a
great deal of pleasure to the speech of
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
In my judgment he has made a great many
good and valuable suggestions for the action
of the House. _ .
My proposition is this: that this prohibitory
clause shall only aflfect officers of the Army who
are not upon the retired list. Who are these
officers on the retired list? By the law we have
passed we do not allow them to be assigned to
active duty. They are men who have been worn
out in the active service. Many of them have
lost an arm or a leg in battle. They are gen-
erally men who have rendered distinguished
and meritorious service to the country. They
deserve our consideration if any men do.
They are worn out in the service. I have
seen many of them at their homes in the neigh-
borhoods where they live. They have families
to support on their half pay. Many of them
are unable to do any manual labor,-while th®y
would be well qualified to hold any county office
or any judicial position. This eleventh sep"
tion, without the proviso which I propose, will
prohibit them from holding anything of the
kind. It is said thatit does not prohibit them.
But let us see how it will operate. _ A gentle-
man in that position is elected to a judgeship,
or appointed to a judgeship, as the case may
be, in the State in which he lives, or he gets
some county office. By the acceptance of that
office he has forfeited all his rights as an officer,
he has forfeited his half pay, and when his term
of office expires he is in fact turned out to die
like an old worn-ont horse. I offered a reso-
lution bearing upon this subject the other day
which was referred to the committee of which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is the
chairman. I am in favor of letting them have
a chance of eking out their means of livelihood
in the best way they can. The Government
owes it to them, and they should not be deprived !
of their half pay.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is very much
mistaken as to the pay of retired officers.
Under this bill their pay is seventy-five per
cent, of the pay of the rank upon which they
are retired.
Mr. MUNGEN. Very good; that does not
alter the principle. Let us suppose that the
seventy-five per cent, is not enough to keep
them, and that they accept an office; they I
thereby forfeit their pay. By this bill they can- |
not take an office without entirely forfeiting
what the Government has become bound to ;
pay them for their services and for the injuries ,
they have received in the war from exposure, ,j
disease, or wounds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
The House divided on Mr. Mungen's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 28, noes 7G.
So the amendment was not agreed to. |
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to make a parlia- ;
mentary inquiry. I wish to know whether it ,
would be in order to call for the yeas and nays j
on this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The right of calling for
the yeas and nays is a right which cannot be
taken from a member while business is being j
considered in the House. When business is
proceeding in the House as in Committee of ,
the Whole it is generally considered that there '
is an understanding that the yeas and nays will ;
not be asked. But one fifth of the members
1 present have a right, a constitutional right to
demand them, and it is a right which the House
cannot take from them. Does the gentleman
demand the yeas and nays?
Mr. MUNGEN. I do not. _ \
The SPEAKER. The amendment is reject- j
ed. The Clerk will proceed with the reading.
The Clerk read as follows: ^
1 Skc. 12. And be it further enacted. That section sec- |
ond of the act entitled "An act making appropria- ,
tions for the support of tho Army for tho year ending ;
June 30. 1861. and for other parposas," approved
March 2,1867, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted. That from and
after the 30th day of June, 1870, the Secretary ol War ,
shall exercise the supervising and appellate powers
and possess the jurisdiction now exorcised and pos-
sessed by the Secretary of tho Interior in relation to
all acts of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
shall sign all requisitions for the advance or payment
of money out of tho Treasury on estimates or ac-
counts, subject to the saino adjustment orcontrol now
exercised on similar estimates or accounts by the
Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or either
of them. The Secretary of War shall be authorized,
whenever in his opinion it shall promote the econ-
omy and efficiency of the Indian service, to establish
convenient departments and districts tor the proper
administration of the duties now imposed by law on
thesuperintendents Of Indian affairs and upon agents
and sub-agents, and to substitute for such superin-
tendents and agents officers ol the Army qi the U mteu
States.who shall be designated for that purpose, and
who shall then become charged with all the uuties
now imposed by law upon the superintendents and
agents thus superseded, and without additional oom-
pensation therefor. The Secretary otWar shall also
detail an officer, not below tho rank of colonel, to fill
tho office and discharge the duties of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. Officers ol the Army designated
to perform the duties of Commissioner, superintend-
ent, agent, or sub-agent shall be responsible lor aiiy
neglect or maladministration, according to the> Rule.,
and Articles of War. All contracts tor transportation
connected with the Indian scrvicceballhoroaitarbe
made in the same manner and at thesame time pro-
vided for transportation for the use ot the Armj.
The Secretary of War shall bo,a«thn0nriz®^® ^0buU^
all snecial licenses from traders, and under rcguia
tions,to be by him prescribed, to providcthotimcsand
nlaces at whieh all traders complying therewith may
present themselves for bargain, barter, exch
with the several Indian tribes, ««eordm| *o the laws
of the United States regulating the,same PtomtM,
That the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs may
continue in office until the expiration oi his term,
unless otherwise provided by the President.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the sec-
tion iust read, which proposes to transfer the
management of the Indian department from
the Secretary of War to tho Secretary of the
Interior, and to insert iu lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
Sec.13. And be it further cnncted. That the profess-
ors at the United States Military Acadomy whoso
servico in the Army and at tho Academy exceeds
twenty-five years shall have tho assimilated rank of
colonel of engineers, and those whose like service
is less than twenty-five but exceeds fifteen years
shall have the assimilated rank of lieutenant colonel
of engineers; and said professors are hereby placed
on the same footing as all other officers of the Army
as regards retirement from active service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the fourteenth and last
section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 1-1. And be it further cnacted, That tho pay of
tho officers of the Army shall bo as follows: tho pay
of the Greneral shall be &12.0..I0 a year; Lieutenant
General shall be $10,000 a year; the pay of maj<>r
general shall be §7,500; the pay of brigadier general
shall bo $5,000; the pay of colonel shall be §3,500;
tho pay of lieutenantcolonel shall be $3,000; the pay
of majorshall bo $2,500; the pay ol'eaptain, mounted,
shall be$2,000; the pay of captain, not mounted, shall
be $1,800; tho pay of adjutant shall be Srl.800; the pay
of regimental quartermaster shall be 41,800; the pay
of first lieutenant, mounted, shall be $1,600; the pay
of first lieutenant, not mounted, shall be $1,500; the
pay of second lieutenant, mounted, shall be §1,500;
the pay of second lieutenant, not mounted, shall be
$1,400; tho pay of chaplain shall be *>1,200; the pay
, of aide-de-camp to major general shall bo ;?200 per
annum in addition to pay of his rank; the pay of
: aide-de-camp to brigadier general shall be $150 per
; annum in addition to pay of his rank; the pay oi'
aoting assistant commissary shall bo $100 in addition
to pay of his rank; and these sums shall be in lull
of all commutation of quarters, fuel, forage, servants'
wages and clothing, longevity rations, and all allow-
ances of every namo and nature whatever, and shall
be paid monthly by the paymaster: Provided, That
fuel and forage in kind may be issued to officers by
- the quartermaster's department, as now allowed by
law and regulations: And provided further. That
when any officer shall travel under orders, and shall
i not be furnished transportation by the quartermas-
ter's department, or on a convcyance belonging to
or chartered by the United States, ho shall bo al-
lowed ten cents per mile, and no more, for each mile
actually by him traveled under such order, distances
to be calculated according to the nearest post routes;
and no payment shall be mado to any officer except
by a paymaster of the Army. Officers retired from
active service shall receive seventy-five per oent. of
tho pay of the rank upon which they are retired.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to insert after the
word "rank," in lino twenty-five, the follow-
ing:
And there shall be allowed and paid to each and
every commissioned officer below the rank of briga-
dier general, inoluding chaplains and others having
assimilated rank or pay, ten per cent, of their cur-
rent yearly pay for each and every term of five years
of continuous servico: Provided, That the total
amount of such increase for length of service shall
in no case exceed forty per cent, on tho yearly pay
of his grade as established by this act: And provided
further, That the pay of a colonel shall in no caao
exceed $4,500 per annum, nor the pay of a lieutenant
colonel $4,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move to insert line
line twenty-nine, after the word "fiwi," the
word "quarters."
The amendment was to.
Mr. LOGAN. Tfcpt perfects the section.
Mr. BUTLER, 6f 1 Massachusetts. I desire
to ask a qo«B<fbn of the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs, with the view of
offering an amendment, if I am right in my
understanding of the bill. Does this mean that
fuel and forage and quarters in kind may be
| issued to officers by the quartermaster's de-
! partment, as now allowed bylaw and by Army
! regulations, in addition to their pay?
I Mr. LOGAN. Certainly; but there is to he
I no commutation under this bill. Where no
! fuel is furnished there is to be no commutation
for it. If no forage is furnished there is to be
no commutation. They will get fuel and forage
and quarters, if such.things are furnished, but.
they will get no pay for such things if they ara
not furnished.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
i put another question. Suppose an officer is
! stationed here in Washington city—a general
I with $12,000 a year; does he not get thirteen
! rooms if that is the number under the regula-
j tion  . ,
Mr. LOGAN. Let m« «ay that he gets
