4686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22, I
The SPEAKER. This bill is now the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It will take
but a few minutes more to dispose of it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish merely to call
the attention of the House to the statutes upon
the subject of this grant. I will not trespass
long upon the time of the House, especially as
gentlemen seem to object to any discussion.
My proposition is that this bill makes an addi-
tional grant to Minnesota, whereas the act of
Congress of 1857 was intended merely as a con-
firmation to the State of Minnesota of the grant
that had previously been made to the Territory
of Minnesota for school purposes. The effect
of the bill now before the House, in my opinion,
is to give to Minnesota one hundred and forty-
four sections instead of seventy-two sections
of land; being an additional grant rather than
a construction of a former act.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will state
briefly what this bill is. It is simply to settle
a legal point in regard to a former act of Con-
gress ; it makes no new grant of land at all.
The bill passed the Senate of the last Congress
without objection, after havingbeen thoroughly
examined by a committee which reported favor-
ably upon the bill. The bill came to this House
and was reported upon favorably by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands of this House, but
it failed to pass for want of time. It has been
most thoroughly examined by the Committee
on the Public Lands of this House, and a
written report in its favor has been made and
ordered to be printed, which report is a unan-
imous one. 11" the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Van Trump] had had time to examine this bill
1 know he would have come to the same con-
clusion. Many members of the House have
examined this subject, and among those who
have so examined it there is not a dissenting
voice as to its justice.
Mr. CULLOM. Does not this bill propose
to give to the State of Minnesota one hundred
thousand more acres of land than any other
State has received for school purposes?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It does not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It gives thirty-seven
thousand acres more.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It gives no
more to Minnesota than I^lorida has received,
and no more than Ohio has received. It is no
new grant, but simply a construction of an old
grant. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. VAN TIIUMP. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 70,
not voting 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Arnell, Aspcr, At-
wood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry,Becl;, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Booker. Boyd, Buck, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Calkin, William T.Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Cox, Davis, Degener,
Box, Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton,
Harris. Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Johnson, Julian, ICel-
Jey. Kellogg, Knott. Marshall, McCormick, MeCrary,
Mctfrcw, jUcKeo, McKenzie.Morphis, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, JIungen.Myei-?, Negley.Niblack, Paine,Patmer,
Peck, Peters, Piatt, Poland. Potter, Rogers, Boots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Kber-
rod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,William J.Smith. Stra-
dcr, Strickland, Swann.Taffe,.Tanner, Twichell, Van
Horn, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Weils, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Woodward—si.
NAYS—Me?srs. Ambler, Archer, Beaman, Beatty,
lienjamin,Biggs.Bird,George A1. Brooks, Builmton,
Burehard.Burr. Koderiek 31.Butler, Cessna,Churcb-
511, Chilton L. Cobb, C'obnrn, Cook, Cnlloni, Dawes,
IKckey, Dickinson, Dixon, Dyer, i'nrnsworth, Fer-
riss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, (jete, Uriswold, llaight,
Hawkins,Ilay.ThomasL. J ones,J udJ.Kelsey.Knapp,
Latlill, La-it, Lawiencc, Mavnard, Jesse It. Moore,
William Moore, Morrissny. Newshara, Orth. Pack-
ard, Phelps, Pom eroy.ltandal I, Reeves, Itiee.Sehenck,
Scoiieid,Shanks,John A. Smith.Stiles, Stokes, Swee-
ney,Taylor, 'i'lUman,Trunble,Tynor,Up/on. \ an Au-
ken,VanTrump, Van Wyck, Wallace, "a arci.vv iSiiam
B. Washburn, Welker, Wbitinore, Williams, John T.
Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Banks. Barnum, Benton, Bowen, James Brooks,
Buckley, Cake, Cleveland, Conner, Cowles, Crebs,
Cookery, Donley.Duval, Ela. Ferry, Garficld.Gibson,
(rilfillan. Ilaldeman, Hamblcton, Ilawlcy, Heaton,
Heflin, Hill, Iloge, Ilohnan, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenek es, Alexander II. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Lewis,
Logan,Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, McCarthy, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan,
Samu clP. Morrill, O'Neill, Packer,Perco,Porter, Pros-
ser, Itidgway, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkwea-
ther, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Stoughton, Strong,
Townsend, Voorhees, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
and Witcher—70.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK said: My colleague, [Mr.
Kerr,] who is absent, is paired on all political
questions with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mercur.]
Th e result of the vote was ann ou need as above
stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that
the motion to l-econsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I call for the regular order.
department op interna!, revenue,
Mr. SCHENCK reported, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, a bill (H. I£. No. 2288)
to authorize a department of internal revenue,
and to regulate the collection of internal taxes;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say to the
House that this bill embraces so much of the
general legislation proposed by the committee
in regard to internal taxes as relates to the
organization of the department, the number of
officers, the machinery for the collection of
taxes, the punishments, the bonds, and what-
ever else concerns that branch of the revenue.
What I desire is to have this bill printed, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole, and made
a special order for as early a day as practicable
during next week. The bill is of such a nature
that 1 apprehend the House will not linger long
upon it.
Among other things which the committee
have sought to accomplish in this revision of
the internal tax laws there are two points to
which I particularly desire to call the attention
of the House. We have reduced the number"
of officers in the Departments—clerks and
employ6s of every kind—in a degree propor-
tionate to the reduction of taxes contemplated
by the bill which has been passed by the House
and is now in the Senate. We propose, for
instance, to abolish, in regard to one special ser-
vice, some ninety assistant assessors, while we
have reduced the -whole number much beyond
that. We have reduced the number of clerks
in the Departments to about two thirds, or a little
more, of the number now employed, and per-
haps further reductions may be made as the
scope of the machinery for internal taxation
shall come to be decreased, by reason of the
reduction or repeal of taxes. Another feature
to which I wish to call attention is that in
reenacting the law in regard to the collection
of internal taxes we omit entirely and repudi-
ate altogether the system of informers, spies,
and moieties. I move that the bill be printed,
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
made a special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman takes
his seat I would like to ask him whether, in
this bill, or in any other that his committee
intends to report, it is proposed to do anything
to simplify the mode of collecting the taxes;
and also whether the committee cannot devise
some method by which the. Commissioner of
Internal Revenne shall give plain, common-
sense constructions to the existing law? In
our portion of the Union we are continually
harassed by decisions of the Commissioner
reversing former decisions ol' the same officer,
until our people reaily do not know what the
law is, and we are satisfied the Commissioner
himself does not know. Now, my question to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is whether the committee cannot digest
some method by which, in the first place, these
internal tax laws shall be simplified, and which
will, in the next place, secure honest, fair,
common-sense, practical constructions of them
by the officer charged with their execution ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will'reply to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] by saying,
first, that so farsts regards simplifying the law,
we have in this revision sought all through to
make the law clearer, simpler, plainer than it
is now. As to legislating to give common
sense, if it be needed, to a Commissioner or
any other officer of the Government, we have
not attempted to put anything of that sort
in the bill; we have left that matter to the
Almighty, and to the President who selects
the officers.
Mr. WOOD. We would prefer to take our
chances with the Almighty. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I say this without any_
complaint on my part of a want of common"
sense anywhere among the officers of the Gov-
ernment.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Before the
question is taken on making this bill a special
order, I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
the fact that there has already been referred
to the Committee of the Whole a proposition
to abolish the duty on coal. I wish he would
make that a special order also at the same time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I was not
instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to ask that. The gentleman from New
York is well aware that bill was reported under
instructions, and the committee have contented
themselves with simply obeying the instructions
of the House. At the time of making the
report, although in favor myself of some reduc-
tion of the tax on coal, believing the making
of it a free article would only be so much taken
from the revenue without benefit to anybody
but a few individuals and companies in New
England, I announced I was not in favor of
the bill, but would leave any motion in regard
to the bill to be made by any of its friends.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. _ Perhaps I
ought not to consent to make his bill a special
order until we have the free-coal bill made a
special order.
The SPEAKER. That is for the majority
of the House to determine.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be
made a special order on Wednesday next after
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the voto
by which the bill was made a special order; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
massachusetts war expenses.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour began at seven minutes to twelve o'clock,
and the call of committees rested with the
Committee of Claims, the pending question
being the bill (H. R. No. 2104) providing for
refunding the interest paid by the State of
Massachusetts on money expended by her ou
account of the war of 1812 to 1815, reported
back from that committee by Mr. Ela, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that there shall bo allowed on
the claim of the State of Massachusetts, for
interest naid by heron money expended by said
State on account of the war with Great Brit-
ain in 1812 to 1815, the sum of §678,302 41, in
full of said claim; and whereas by an arrange-
