542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
To whom given, and how? Where is the rec-
ord of her word given? Where has she plighted
her faith now to us ? Does the gentleman find
it in her compliance with the terms of the re-
construction acts ? If he does I ask him, I ask
any other man in this country, whether lie be-
lieves for an instant that Virginia ever would
have ratified either the thirteenth or the four-
teenth or the fifteenth amendment of her own
choice? Never, sir, while the sun shines upon
this world would that people have done that of
their own choice. They were told that if they
did not do it they could not come back here,
and rather than stay out they did it. They did
it not of their own freewill, but, as the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has declared here
time and again, under coercion. And, sir, if
she did it under coercion, think you that that
rebel population will not be ready to plead
duress? Think you that they will not be ready
to take cases into court to decide the validity
of this political action of the Congress of the
United States?
We are told, too, that we are to rely upon
the honor of Virginia—Virginia, mother of
States and of Presidents! Exalted at one
time to that grand elevation, she plunged her-
self down from, her position of honor to the
very depths of dishonor; and now, without
one manifestation of the least change of heart
in her, we are called upon to throw everything
at loose ends there, and to trust to Virginia's
honor 1 Sir, whenever one who has been ex-
alted in honor falls into dishonor that one is
less to be trusted than another to recover again
under the influence of honorable impulse and
feeling. I do not feel myself called upon here
to trust to the honor of that State. I do not
feel called upon to say that among all the in-
surgent States this one shall be the first to be
elevated into the distinction of coming back
into the Union untrammeled by a single con-
dition. What is the use of saying that if Vir-
ginia cheats us we will deal with her? Sir,
how will you deal with her if she cheats you?
How will you deal with her if you let her in
unconditionally ? How will you deal with her
unless you lay the foundation of dealing with
her by imposing a condition upon her admis-
sion ? It is to do that thing that I insist upon
conditions. Nothing but the letter of the law
will hold that people to the path of rectitude.
I have been told, and I believe if we could
get at the evidence it would be established, that
it is a perfectly well understood thing in the
city of Richmond that immediately after the
Senators and Representatives of that State are
admitted into Congress unconditionally her
Legislature will proceed to repeal her ratifica-
tion of the fifteenth amendment. But we are
told if Virginia cheats us we will deal with her.
Again I ask, how will you deal with her when
you have laid no foundation for it by the impo-
sition of conditions ?
Mr. President, in my opinion the Senate
stands to-day in a position of peril. No body
of this kind can retreat from a former position
without peril to itself and to the interests that
it is charged with sustaining. No army ever
fell back from a position it held without invit-
ing attack and risking defeat. And so we,
when we are called upon to retreat from our
previous position voluntarily and of our own
mere motion, are not only doing that for which
we can find no justification, but are casting a
cloud over all we have done heretofore in like
cases. For one, I will not so take the back
track.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri is a man of unusual power.
He is the great organizer of parties. He under-
takes small things when he lays down the law
not only for the Senate but for the Supreme
Court; when he not only makes constitutions
through legislative forms, but dictates them
from his high place here. He says that Sen-
ators have voted for fundamental conditions,
and therefore they are inconsistent if they do
not insert fundamental conditions in everv bill
that is passed. I have voted for revenue laws;
1 have voted for preemption laws; I have
voted for a great many different laws ; but I
did not consider myself inconsistent when I
was considering some other subject that I did
not vote to insert something that had pre-
viously been adopted. I have voted for laws
daily that did not contain everything. He says
we are opposed to these principles if we do not
vote for putting them in every time. He, is
very strongly in favor of doing it. He is a
very powerful man and reads Senators outofthe
party, and says that there may have come into
the Senate Chamber a disposition to disrupt
the party. I suppose he will read the Admin-
istration out of the party; that he will read out
of the party General Grant and everybody
who thinks it is the duty of Congress to keep
its word even with rebels ; every one who
thinks it is the duty of Congress to be just and
fair, and have some regard for its obligations.
They must all be read out of the party.
He tells us that we have no right to believe
rebels; that we have no right to put any trust
in them. That is his idea of reconstruction.
That is his invitation to those people to come
forward and join us. He says to them, "We
will not believe anything that you may do."
Sir, is this thing to be perpetual? Are we to
say to eight million people " from this time
henceforth, no matter what you do and no
matter what promises we make, you are rebels ;
you are perfidious; and we will never believe
you, and wo will never keep our word with
you ?'' Will that bring about reconstruction ?
Will a platform of that description make this
country great and glorious? And yet that is
the principle that the Senator enunciates here.
He says we cannot believe them. What does
President Grant say about it? Inasmuch as
we are read out of the party, let us see in what
company we go and under what circumstances
we go. The Senator from Missouri read me
out of the party this morning with the same
ease that he took away most of the powers of
the Supreme Court in a speech here the other
day.
Mr. DRAKE. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator. I did not read him or anybody else out
of the party, or intimate any thought of the
kind.
Mr. STEWART. I am glad of the correc-
tion. The language was very strange. It only
shows how cautious we must be in following
the language of the Senator from Missouri in
order to glean his meaning. President Grant
goes with us on this platform. He says:
"At the March term Congress by joint resolution
authorized the Executive to order elections in the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, arid-Texas, to submit
to them the constitutions which each had previously
in convention framed, and submit the constitutions
either entire or in separate parts to he voted upon
at the discretion of the Executive. Under this au-
thority elections were called."
I have heretofore called the attention of the
Senate to the fact that President Grant sent us
a communication suggesting that this constitu-
tion should be submitted in separate parts, that
we responded to that suggestion by a law, and
that under that law he proceeded to act. He
goes on to say:
" In Virginia the election took placeon the6th of
July, 1869. The Governor and Lieutenant Governor
have been installed. The Legislature met and did
all required by this resolution and by all the recon-
struction acts of Congress, and abstained from all
doubtful authority."
He says they did all that was required by the
special law we passed and by the reconstruction
acts of Congress.
" I recommend that her Senators and Representa-
tives be promptly admitted to their seats and that
the State be fully restored to its place in the family
of States."
That is the position of the Administration.
This reconstruction was had under the eye of
the Administration. We have had from time
to time on all doubtful propositions the opin-
ions of the Attorney General. The subject
came before the Cabinet. I submit to any hon-
orable Senator if the world at least will not say
that the Administration and Congress, acting
together, invited Virginia to come in on these
terms. Why did Congress pass this law?
Why did the President recommend it? Why
did the President subsequently carry it into
effect if they, doing all on their part that
they were required to do, were then to be
denounced as perfidious traitors, with whom it
was dishonorable to have a compact, and who
could not under any circumstances be believed?
Before I make a compaet it is my duty to
know whether the person with whom I am
making the compact is worthy of my confi-
dence ; but when I have given that confidence
and entered into the engagement with a full
knowledge of his character, shall I say then
that his character is so bad that I will not keep
my engagements?
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; as many as the
Senator desires.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know why
the honorable Senator when the case of Ark-
ansas was up here did not take this view of the
matter, but argued in favor of imposing funda-
mental conditions upon her ?
Mr. STEWART. I can answer that ques-
tion without the slightest difficulty. The dif-
ferent situations of the two cases ought to have
occurred to the mind of the Senator from Mis-
souri. At that time we had no fifteenth amend-
ment. At that time Arkansas had not given
her consent to the fifteenth amendment. Ark-
ansas had made no such issue before her people.
Here we have the fifteenth amendment within
our grasp if we admit this State.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator will allow me
one word more, Arkansas had fully complied
with every condition that we had imposed upon
her, and yet the Senator from Nevada did then
argue in favor of imposing additional condi-
tions upon her, exactly the same conditions that
exist now with regard to Virginia, except that
the fifteenth amendment has come up since
that time. Before it was only the thirteenth
and fourteenth amendments.
Mr. STEWART. Well, the question of suf-
frage, and that is the main question, is disposed
of. It is fixed by a higher law than State laws;
it is fixed by the Constitution, or will be before
ten days are past. Every body understands that.
Then, it is perfectly useless to legislate now in
regard to that. I should like to know if the
Senator from Missouri believes that the Con-
gress of the United States will not have power
after Virginia shall come into the Union to
require her to keep her faith, to require her to
abide by the principles settled by the recon-
struction acts. Can she take away suffrage;
ca,n she take away equal rights under the Con-
stitution as we have it, or as we are bound to
have it ? Everybody knows that she cannot,
and everybody knows that these conditions are
useless.
There was an attack made upon Governor
Walker last evening to which I feel bound to
call the attention of the Senate, as I believe it
was extremely unjust and lunfair ; and I must
do it right in this connection. I have in my
hand the speech from which the extract was
read by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] It is a speech reported by a special
correspondent of the Petersburg Index. Here
was a political speech, and the report occupies
less than two columns. Of course a full report
of such a speech would be much longer than
that. This does not purport to be a verbatim
report. In the portion which has been read he
is made to say:
"If the constitution expurgated shall be adopted,
and you have elected your State ticket and your
.Legislature, you may proceed at once to propose such
amendments to the constitution as will clear it of
all its dangerous characteristics. The county organi-
zation need never be enforced. If I am elected with
a Legislature not Radical it never will be put into
operation."
1 hat extract standing alone without explan-
ation places the Governor in an unfair posi-
