2798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
a portion of this scrap iron is of finer quality,
atid may be usediti manufactures, a very large
proportion of it is of no practical use what-
ever. 1 am, therefore, in favor of reducing
the duty on this article from $6 to $4.
Mr. CAKE. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting after the word " on" in line
three hundred and twenty-one the word' '• cast,''
and in the same line by striking out. " $6 per
ton" and inserting " one quarter of a cent per
pound," and by adding at the end of the line
the words "on wrought iron scrap of every
description, half a cent per poundso that
the paragraph will read:
On scrap cast iron of every description, a quar-
ter of a cent per pound; on wrought iron scrap of
every description, half a cent per pound; Provided.
That nothing shall be deemed scrap iron except waste
or refuse material that has been in actual use and
is fit only to be remanufactured.
Mr. Chairman, formerly it may have been
that the scrap iron to which the gentlemau
from New York [Mr. Wood] has referred was
the refuse iron of other countries, but we dis-
cover that now they are bringing in a kind of
scrap iron that is almost as valuable in the
market of this country as manufactured T
rails.
The gentleman from New York says that
this refuse iron comes from the British West
Indies. I will state that within the last four
days, since the 12th of April, four cargoes of
iron arrived at Philadelphia,and I should have
thought that this kind of iron would be less
likely to go to Philadelphia than to any other
port of entry in the United States. I have a
telegram from the collector of Philadelphia in
which he says that those four cargoes contain
438 tons of bars and hoops, 1,267 tons of old
rails, and 888 tons of pig iron. And then one
of the general appraisers has made out a list of
several cargoes that arrived between the 25th
of March last and the 13th of April,in which he
gives the cargoes, to whom consigned, where
from, and the invoices of goods.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to say that in
1867, of an importation of 29,000 tons,19,000
tons came from England.
Mr. CAKE. And all of this, excepting one
cargo, came from England, from Glasgow,
Liverpool, and London. I will say here that
a great deal of this old scrap iron T rail comes
from the Continent. Mr. Blodgett writes to
me that "immense quantities of old iron rails
arrive here from all parts of the world, though
chiefly from London. Fifty cargoes have come
from Alicante and other ports of Spain." The
invoice price of this old T rail scrap iron is put
here at 97s. (id. The one cargo of scrap iron
that the collector of the port of Philadelphia
telegraphs about, and which came from Lon-
don, was valued at £4 lis., while the other
cargo of pig iron, which catne from Glasgow,
was valued at 59s. in the invoice.
Now, 1 cannot see the justice of charging a
less duty upon scrap iron that is worth 97s. 6d.
than we do upon pig iron that is only worth
59s., and therefore I have offered this amend-
ment. We are getting a great deal of scrap
iron in the shape of valuable kinds of wrought
scrap iron, the T rails that I speak of being
the least valuable sort of this wrought iron
scrap, as I am informed upon this floor, and 1
cannot see the wit of putting it down as an
inferior quality of iron.
The scrap iron of commerce ought never to
be considered as anything but scrap cast iron.
Wrought iron is nfiver scrap iron, for it can be
used and reused for various purpsses all the
time. I have been told by a gentleman on this
lloor to-day that he has a factory wherein he
makes articles from the wrought scrap iron
brought into this country. He said that he
required the best kind of wrought iron in his
business, and that if he had to use new iron he
would have to pay the highest duty levied on
any kind of wrought iron.
Mr. MeNEELY. How much per ton duty
is proposed upon scrap iron ?
Mr. CAKE, It is very easily calculated. I
ask that one quarter of a cent per pound be im-
posed upon scrap cast iron, and one half cent,
per pound upon scrap wrought iron.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STRONG. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cake,] for it proposes to in-
crease the duty rather than to diminish it. The
present duty on scrap iron is $8 per ton. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to make
the duty substantially $11 20 per ton, because
nearly all the scrap iron imported into this
country is of the kind of iron which he calls
scrap wrought iron. There is very little of
what lie calls cast scrap iron imported into this
country. Therefore, his amendment in effect
vvill increase the duty on scrap iron from $8
per ton to $11 20 per ton.
Mr. CAKE. I deny that wrought iron is
scrap iron ; it never is scrap iron.
Mr. STRONG. The gentleman knows what
is imported into this country as scrap iron—
old wagon tires, old horseshoes, refuse ma-
chinery, &c., nineteen twentieths of which is
wrought iron, as I am told by gentlemen who
are familiar with the subject. What a miserable
pretense it is to come in here with an amend-
ment purporting to reduce the tariff, while at
the same time it actually increases the duty
$3 20 per ton. Now, is it the policy of this
country to shut out this, refuse iron from all
parts of the world? When the tariff on this
material was low we had a trade with all parts
of the world in this very material. We could
carry our productions to the Indies and to all
parts of South America, and bring home scrap
iron in exchange for it. How is it now? This
scrap iron finds its way into England and other
countries.
Mr. CAKE. It comes here from England.
Mr. STRONG. We thereby lose a branch
of trade, we injure our shipping and hurt our
mercantile interest, and all for the benefit of
what? Docs the gentleman suppose that this
little matter of scrap is to injure the great iron
interest of Pennsylvania? How much is im-
ported into this country per year of this scrap
iron? We are told about the great quantity
which is brought into this country; how much
is it? I have here a memorandum from the
Treasurer's report, which shows that last year
there were imported 139,449 tons of scrap iron;
that is, only aboutoue fifteenth part of the iron
consumed in this country. Now, why should
the duty on this raw material, which enriches
our country, be made so high as to prevent its
importation and deprive us of the benefits it
brings? Sir, it is all nonsense to talk about
such a thing. I believe in reasonable protec-
tion ; but it is not necessary for the interests
of the iron-makers of Pennsylvania that this
matter of scrap iron should so be protected as
to amount to prohibition. Every other coun-
try in the world, I believe, admits it duty free.
We are the only country that puts a 'tariff on
this waste material.
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman ought to be
very careful when he makes that statement.
Mr. STRONG. I am so informed.
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman's informant
misleads him.
Mr. STRON G. If I am mistaken there are
a great many gentlemen from Pennsylvania
who can correct me and state the facts when
their turn comes. But I think they will not
deny that Great Britain admits this waste mate-
rial free of duty. Great Britain, with her great
wealth of iron and coal, admits scrap iron from
all parts of the world duty free, and by so
doing increases her commerce and wealth; yet
the gentleman from Pennsylvania comes here
and proposes to cut off the importation of
scrap iron, on which many of our small mills
are feeding to-day. He proposes that it shall
pay a duty of $11 20 a ton. The gentleman
is wondrously kind!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAKE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment
because I believe it jto be a -perfectly proper
one, and because I want an opportunity to
make a brief reply to the gentleman from Cqji-;
necticut, [Mr. Strong,] who represents iu his
person the views of the extreme protectionist
and the extreme free-trader; who for all tha,t
relates' to the industries of Connecticut can
find no , duty high enough, and for industries
which are not peculiar to Connecticut desires
the freest possible trade, and strikes at the
industries of every other State and section;
tHus illustrating in his own person as remark-,
ably as I have ever known any man to do
the fact that " extremes meet." [Laughter.]
There is in Connecticut, in the gentleman's
district, a cutlery establishment which imports
its new iron cut to form for use under the .title
of "scrap iron," which if it came in in bars
and required cutting would pay from 1 cent
to 1J cents per pound. " * ,
Mr. STRONG. Will the gentleman, allow
me 
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot yield when I have
but five minutes.
The gentleman insists that this class of iron
shall be admitted under the same duty as old
cast scrap iron.
Mr. STRO.NG. I wish the gentleman would
allow me to correct him. . '
,ill}-.,KELLEY. ' | '.had- the plpasute^ to-day
of seeing and. conversing with the proprietor
of the establishment to which I have just re-
ferred, as had some of my colleagues on this
floor. Sir, Connecticut is not the whole of
this country or the universe at large. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] said last
night that protection is a system by which one
section protects the interests of another in
consideration of the fact that its own interests
shall be protected. That is true, the pro-
tection which I advocate is a system for the
protection of all the industries of the country,
and for the development of its varied resources;
and I am ready to strike at every interest in any
district that sets itself up, as the gentleman
has set up his district in Connecticut, as one
that is to take advantage of the system where
ever it can be donej while • striking down the
interests of every other section.
Now, sir, the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Cake] proposes simply this: that old cast
iron, which is scrap iron ready to be treated as
pig iron, may come in at $1 less than pig iron,
but that new iron cut to shapes and forms, if
imported as scrap, shall pay a duty commen-
surate at least with the duties imposed on bar
iron; and that old rails, which are wrought
iron ready to be rerolled, simply requiring heat-
ing and passing through rollers, coming out
new rails, shall pay a duty midwa.y between pig
iron and new rails. This is not an increase
of the duty on scrap iron; it is simply a class-
ification of the duty. It will prevent the fraud
which has been perpetrated to the advantage
of the district of the gentleman from Connec-
ticut by which new iron largely advanced is
brought in under a low duty. It will give the
iron manufacturer his old cast scrap at a rate
so much below pig as to allow him to recast
and remold it.
It will give the manufacturer of iron wrought
scraps at a low rate of duty. It simply adjusts
the duty on old rails to a rate between theduty
fixed upon pig iron and that on new rails. It
is a measure in advance alike of the revenue
of the country, the honest administration of
the law, and the protection of our domestic
industries. It is nothing more, nothing less.
It is submitted by my colleague in view of
the facts which abundantly illustrate its wis-
dom derived from the custom returns of the
country which he produced here certified toby
the custom-house. That is the whole of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, I for one
do not propose to vote for any section that
will permit, with my knowledge, any frauds on
the revenue of the country ; and when the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
