1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4687
ment made by the said State of Massachusetts
and the State of Maine, at the time of their
separation, iu 1820, the said State of Maine
becomes the owner of one third of this claim,
and whereas both of said States have assigned
their respective interests in said claim to the
European and North American Railway Com-
pany of Maine, to aid said company in con-
structing its line of railway, the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to pay one third part of the said claim of
$<>78,362 41 to the State of Maine, and the
other two thirds part thereof to the State of
Massachusetts, by an issue to each of said
States, for the use and benefit of said European
and North American Railway Company, of an
amount of United States certificates of indebt-
edness equal to its share in the whole sum
allowed and to be paid ; said certificates to be
of the denomination of $1,000 each ; to be
made and issued by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in such form, and signed, attested, and
registered as he shall direct, and with or with-
out interest warrants, as he may prefer. Each
certificate to run five years from its date, to
draw interest, payable semi-annually, at the
rate of four per cent, per annum, and to be
payable, both principal and interest, in lawful
money of the United States to be hereafter
appropriated and provided for by Congress.
The second section provides that the accept-
ance by the said States of Massachusetts and
Maine of the amount hereby authorized to be
paid to each of them shall be regarded as a
full adjustment and settlement for the expend-
itures made by Massachusetts in the war of
1812-15, and of the interest thereon.
Mr. OBTII. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment to the pending bill. Before doing so I
desire to state that my attention was called to
this claim four or five years ago as a member
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The
claim arose out of the war of 1812 and partly
out of the treaty known as the treaty of Wash-
ington. My desire is to have added a provis-
ion that the amount herein appropriated shall
be in full satisfaction of all claims of the States
of Massachusetts and Maine for or on account
of any of the matters alleged. I move to strike
out the second section, and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
That the acceptance by the said States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine and thesaid European and North
American Railway Company of the amount hereby
authorized to be paid to each of said States tor the
use anil benefit of said railway company, shall be
held and regarded as a full adjustment and payment
of any and all claims for interest as aforesaid, and
also a complete adjustment, liquidation, and pay-
ment of any and all other claims of the said States
of Massachusetts and Maine, and of said railway
company, or either of thorn, against the United
States ior and on account of any raatter arising
flu in any money expended by said State of Massa-
chusetts on account of the war with Ureat Jjritam
iuisia to 1815, or any interest thereon, or on account
of any matters arising; out of or accruing: from the
treaty with Great Britain, known as the treaty oi
W;!Mihii!tou. or lor or on account of any matters
which have been assigned by said States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine to said railway company.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] admit the amend-
ment which has just been read to be entered?
Mr. ELA. I do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to offer an amendment, which T send
to the desk.
Mr. ELA. T will hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend by striki'.igont all after the enacting clause
and inserting the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury cause to be
ertained the amount of interest each State has
!!<• tn.iiiv paid on money advanced to the united
by suoli Stnte for military purposes since tac
1^ day of January, 1S12. together with the amount
v ::ahuiicil to ea^h State for interest so paid, and
tint he report the rpsulfc of such investigation to
Congress on the iirst Monday in December next.
Mr. ELA. The bill before the House is
dlroot in its provisions, and but for the fear
that it may not he fully understood I would
leave the equity of the case, as stated in the
report, to carry the measure through the House
as it did through the committee, almost unan-
imously. I shall state, occupying as little as
possible of the time of the House, the facts in
regard to the claim which this bill is designed
to adjust. Seven States of the Union made
advances, at the instance of the General Gov-
ernment, in the war of 1812-15, namely, New
York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Delaware, Virginia, and South Carolina. Mas-
sachusetts made advances to the amount of
$848,849 60 in the shape of cash expenditures.
Of this amount $657,024 74 was afterward
reimbursed by the General Government, leav-
ing $185,424 86, the claim to that extent being
rejected and left unpaid, mainly, if not en-
tirely, because Governor Strong would not
allow the forces upon which this money was
expended to be placed under the control of
the officers of the General Government, but
kept them under State officers and State control.
Upon the amount which was found to be due
to Massachusetts by the General Government
and repaid to her that State asked for the pay-
ment of interest during the time she was await-
ing reimbursement, as every one of the other
States did, and which has been paid to every
one of the States I have named, with the sin-
gle exception of the State of Massachusetts.
This bill provides the exact sum which shall
be paid to her in the way of interest. It does
not leave it to be fixed by the accounting offi-
cers in the Treasury, lest those officers, in
regard to the rates of interest, should adopt
the legal and business rule which Congress
established in providing for refunding the inter-
est to the State of Maryland for expenditures
of exactly this kind. It was the purpose of the
committee to pay lo Massachusetts only the
amount of interest which she has actually paid
upon the sum reimbursed. This amount has
been ascertained by a statement from her State
treasurer of the amount of interest which she
has paid every year. A portion of the time
she paid upon the full sumthat was reimbursed.
In other years she paid upon a very small por-
tion of that sum. And the proposition of the
committee is simplyto reimburse her the actual
amount which she paid out upon the sum ex-
pended in behalf of the General Government.
It will be found to be but little more than half
what it would have been if it had been settled
upon the rule adopted in the case of Maryland.
It is not two thirds of the amount it would be
if reckoned upon the full sum by the simplest
mode of reckoning interest; and it is in accord-
ance with the precedents in every single case
where the interest has been adjusted with the
States I have named.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman state
on what principle the committee reduced the
interest to $687,000?
Mr. ELA. It was reduced by providing for
the payment to Massachusetts of no more in-
terest than she actually paid. In some years
she paid upon the full sum, and in others only
upon a half or a quarter of it. And it was by
adopting the principle I have stated that the
amount lias been reduced so much below what
it would have been if simple interest had been
reckoned on the whole amount.
At the time this money was expended Maine
was a portion of the State of Massachusetts,
and upon the separation of Maine from Massa-
chusetts one third part of all the sums which
might be due from the General Government
became the property of the State of Maine.
'The States of Maine and Massachusetts have
assigned the whole amount to secure the builu-
ing of the European and North American rail-
road : a railroad in v.'Vuelt they take great
interest, and a long stretch of winch througu
a dense wilderness is still incomplete.
Mr. WELKEll. i would also ask the gen-
tleman why the committee did not report in
favor of allowing the S1S5,000 of principal,
which has not been paid?
Mr. ELA. If the gentleman had listened
to what I have been saying he would not have
found it necessary to ask that question, I
stated that the reason why that was rejected
was that Governor Strong refused to allow the
troops of Massachusetts, upon which that sum
was expended, to be placed under the control
of the General Government, and kept them
under State control and State officers. For
that reason the Government refused to pay this
$185,000, which formed part of the claim.
Now, sir, this claim, which I believe to be
just and equitable, has been assigned to a pur-
pose which makes it a matter of controlling
interest that it should be promptly paid. It is
assigned to the building of a railroad of great
national importance, whether you view it in a
national, a material, or a political point of
view. We have expended a vast amount of
money by loaning directly the credit of the
Government, besides giving millions upon mil-
lions of acres of public lands to build a rail-
road to bind the Atlantic to the Pacific coast,
in order that we might extend military protec-
tion and have speedy transportation. Sir, there
is not another case where a direct expenditure
of money by the Government to accomplish
the building of a railroad would find so much
warrant as in this ease to aid in the building
of this road to which this claim of interest has
been assigned.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask the gen-
tleman how the claim was assigned—absolutely
over to the railroad company, or invested as
stock in the road? -
Mr. ELA. It was assigned directly for the
benefit of the road by the State. It came to
be assigned in this way: the senate of the
State of Massachusetts passed a bill granting
$500,000 to aid in the building of this road, and
the house amended it so as to assign this claim
to the benefit of the road, instead of voting aid
directly by the State.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would inquire whether
the road is not mainly owned by foreigners,
subjects of Queen Victoria ?
Mr. ELA. Not at all. It is an American
road. The owners and builders of this road are
American citizens. And what is more than
that, let me tell the gentleman that it places
within American control the whole line of rail-
road communication to St. John, including
even those roads which were built by the aid
of subsidies from the British Government of
$10,000 to the mile.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Was any part of the amount
that has been allowed by previous acts of Con-
gress for the expenses of troops which Massa-
chusetts refused to permit to leave the State ?
Mr. ELA. No, sir; no part of it is for that.
As I have stated twice before, that part of the
claim of Massachusetts was absolutely rejected,
and the Government would not allowany claim
which Massachusetts presented for troops which
were kept within the State, under State control,
to be paid by the General Government.
Sir, this road not only places the whole line
of railway communication to St. John within
American control, but it places within our
grasp the whole maritime provinces of Great
Britain on the Atlantic coast. It affords the
means of protection to our northeastern fron-
tier. It opens up to business and to commerce
a vast tract of the best timber land in the East.
It completes railway communication to that
part of the Atlantic coast nearest to Europe.
It does more than that; it makes both near
and certain the annexation of those provinces
to this Government, which are the most desir-
able acquisitions upon thiscontinent,and which
will place within our control the destinies of
this continent. These provinces are full of
resources, both upon land and water. They arc
inhabited by a people having a common origin
with us, speaking a common language, and
having common modes of thinking and ideas
of government with our own. Sir, when such
objects as these are to be attained by the simple
payment of an equitable claim against the Gov-
ernment I cannot believe that- any member of
