1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8743
interest from the proceeds of the sales of these
lands, after wuiting from September 29, 18G5,
until the spring of 18G8, they insisted on an ab-
solute sale of all their possessions in the Slate
of Kansas, the trust lands and their diminished 1
reserve, for a gross sutn, with a view of mov- !
ing out of the State into what is known as the
Indian territory.
A treaty was accordingly negotiated and
signed by the contracting parties on the '27th '
of May, 1868, communicated to the Senate by
the President, and referred to the Committee J
on Indian Affairs June 13 following, and re- j!
maiued in the custody of that committee from
that date to April 21, 18G9, during the greater
part of which period the honorable Senator
from Maine was a member of that committee.
At the latter date this treaty was reported back
to the Senate, with amendments changing very
materially its character. The treaty as agreed
to by the Indians and communicated to the '
Senate provided that the whole of their lands, i
diminished reserve and trust lands, might be
sold to a railroad company for the sum of
$1,600,000, $100,000 to be paid down, this
sum to be used in purchasing for them a new
home in the Indian country and to defray the
expense of their removal and support for the
first year, and the residue to be invested and
held by the United States for their benefit.
Sometime during the month of February
last this treaty was withdrawn from the con-
sideration of the Senate by the President of
the United States, and is not. now before this
body. A few days afterward the bill no w under
consideration was introduced and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and reported
back to the Senate on the 16th day of that month.
This bill was intended by the Committee on
Indian Affairs to embrace all the beneficial
provisions of the treaty that had been with-
drawn from the consideration of the Senate
by the President of the United States, and to
exclude the objectionable features of that treaty.
It provided, however, as reported by the com-
mittee, that the Government should pay the
Indians $2,000,000 for these lands, instead
of $1,600,000 as provided in the treaty; that
the Government itself should become the pur-
chaser ; that the United States should also pro-
cure for these Indians a home in the Indian
territory, to be paid for out of the proceeds
of the sales of these lands, and that the lands
should be put into market and sold for
cash only to actual settlers, until the Treasury
should be reimbursed the total amount of prin-
cipal and. interest and cost of removal of the
Indians to their new homes, after which the
lands should be thrown into market and dis-
posed of as other public lands.
I am reminded by my honorable friend from
Oregon [Mr. CorbettJ that the bill provides
that these Indians should not be required to
pay more for the lands to be assigned them in
the Indian territory than said lands cost the
United States. I will come to thatagain, per-
haps, as I proceed in my remarks.
1 am thus particular in stating the terms of
the bill and the general objects of the commit-
tee in order to correct a misapprehension which
has been caused by the earnest observations
submitted by my honorable friend from Maine.
Without intending it he has misled, I will not
say the Senate, but he has misled the country,
and created the impression that this bill is bad
in its inception and purpose. It provides
simply that the United States shall become the
purchaser of these lands from the Indians and
shall pay the Indians for them in money, and
in a credit on the books of the Treasury, to bear
interest as ten-forty bonds, the price agreed to
by the Indians; that the land shall be sold to
actual settlers at $1 25 per acre, until the
Treasury shall be reimbursed the total cost;
that afterward these lands shall be thrown
into market and be disposed of as other public
lands, and that a home shall be furnished for
the Indians in the Indian country at a cost not
exceeding the cost to the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I aiii not on my feet to-
day for the purpose of insisting that this bill is
perfect, that its various pro'visions are not sus-
ceptible of amendment and improvement. But
I am sure that a majority of the Senate will
approve the purpose of the committee in bring-
ing in this bill to exclude all outside parties,
railroad companies or other corporations, or
private individuals; that this shall be a trans-
action purely between the United States and
the Indian tribes, that they shall sell their land
directly to the Government, that the Govern-
ment shall pay for the land and become the
absolute owner of the soil and dispose of enough
of this land, for cash only, to reimburse the
Treasury, and the residue to the people of the
country as other portions of the public domain
are disposed of. It seemed to the committee
that mode of procedure would exclude all
possibility offraudsor jobsofevery description.
The committee were induced to recommend
this legislation because the interposition of
the Government had become necessary on
account of the condition of affairs on this res-
ervation, which it was thought could not be
permitted to continue without great hazard to
the public peace. And it was not believed to
be the purpose of the President to attempt to
dispose of the subject by treaty. The committee
thought themselves justified in concluding that
the Interior Department and the President,
and the other branch of Congress, were averse
to the regulation of our relations with Indian
tribes in the future by treaty stipulations. It
seemed to be necessary, therefore, to attempt
to correct existing evils by statutory provis-
ions. That immediate action had become
urgently necessary was manifest to the com-
mittee and to every one who had given the
least attention to the subject. Believing that
these lands were about to be thrown open to
settlement many thousands of emigrants had
moved on to them with their families.
This treaty, to which I have referred, was
concluded, as I before observed, ou the 27th
day of May, 1868. Previous to action on the
part of the Government and the Indians the
white inhabitants were excluded from these
lands; afterward neither the Government nor
the Indians objected to their settlement by
emigrants. The Indians did not object, because
they believed that they had sold their lands;
the Interior Department expected the treaty to
be ratified in some form, either with or without
amendment. No one objecting, the emigrants
moved on to these lands as a matter of course,
believing that the Government would adopt
some practicable means for the removal of the
Indians.
My honorable friend from Maine inquired
why the Government had not excluded these
people. They were excluded preceding the date
of this treaty. They were put off in some instances
by force. They were not permitted to settle
with a view of permanently occupying any of
these lands south of the line dividing the di-
minished reserve from the trust lands. But after
this treaty had been negotiated, signed, and
delivered, the Indians no longer made objection
to the occupation of the country. They con-
sidered that they had sold their lands to their
great Father, and that his white children from
that time forward had a right to settle on them.
The white people, relying on the wisdom of
the Government, believing it to be its purpose
to remove the Indians and to open these lands
for settlement, rushed on to them with a view
of obtaining permanent homes. They did this
without authority of law, it is true, but not sup-
posing themselves to be criminals.
The honorable Senator from Maine, however,
thinks that they are bad people ; that they are
trespassers; that they are robbers; that they
are marauders ; that they deserve no sympathy
from the Senate of the United States or from
the Government. These are very harsh terms
to be applied to citizens of the United States.
Who are they ? The honorable Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] informed the Senate
a day or two since that they were emigrants
from all the States of the Union east of the
Rocky mountains. They are therefore a part
of the fruits of the civilization of the cider
States. I apprehend they are no bettPr and no
worse than the average of the people who have
settled the other new States, who have sub-
dued the wilderness elsewhere, who have con-
verted the forest into fruitful fields and made
the desert to bloom. They are neither belter
nor worse than the people who have organized
and now govern twenty-four States of this
Union, that have on this floor a majority of the
representatives of the States, and in the other
branch of Congress a majority of the Represent-
atives of the people. If they are inferior to
the people they have left behind them in the
other States in morality it is not altogether
their fault. They were educated, if educated
at all, in the schools aud academies and col-
leges of the older Stales. They acquired their
ideas of morality and honor and right from
the neighbors whom they left behind them.
They may be said to be, therefore, the off-
spring of the Christian civilization of the older
States of the Union. In point of vigor, activity,
strength of will, power of endurance, in my
opinion they are a little above the average of
the people of the old States, for drones and
fossils, as a rule, do not emigrate. You have
been indebted, therefore, to these character-
istics of the people of the frontier for much of
the achievements of the nation and for some-
thing of the honor and glory that have been
wrung from battle-fields at home and abroad,
and for the triumphs that have been achieved
in other honorable fields.
These men robbers, marauders, thieves, who
deserve no consideration at the hands of the
Senate of the United States! Sir, these words
sound strangely, lighting on the ears of men
born and reared on the frontier, who are im-
pressed with the conviction, at least, that the
inhabitants of the new States are as honorable
and as trustworthy and as honest, on the aver-
age, as those whom they have left in the older
States of the Union. They will be surprised
to learn of the badness of their reputation in
the State of Maine. For after reading the
honorable Senator's speech it will be impos-
sible for them to feel moral guilt, to feel
conscious of having violated the rights of the
Indians or of the Government. They were
trespassers merely in a technical sense of that
word. They violated none of the rights of the
Indians, even in a technical sense, within their
diminished reserve, until the Indians had agreed
to sell their lands; until the Indians had, as
they believed, consummated a contract for their
removal from the State ; until the Indians no
longer objected to the occupation of the country
by the white inhabitants.
But, sir, admit that they did do wrong,
that they did wrong willfully, that they are as
bad in fact as the honorable Senator from
Maine supposed them to be; it is not prob-
able that you can exclude them from the ter-
ritory. There are too many of them. They
have organized county governments, as you,
sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,] well know.
They have organized township and district
governments within the limits of their county
organizations. The State of Kansas has ex-
tended over them its jurisdiction and its
laws. They are, in fact, represented in the
Legislative Assembly of the State, and aid in
making the laws for the government of that
Commonwealth. They have been improving
their lands, fencing in their fields, putting out
their orchards, erecting their houses and barns,
erecting their churches and school-houses,
bridges and roads. It is believed that at the
| close of emigration last autumn there were not
1 fewer than twenty thousand of them. Even the
honorable Senator from Maine, if I understood
| correctly the proposition with which he closed
his speech, is of opinion that their removal had
! become impracticable, for he said that in such
[ a contest between four thousand Indians and
