1870.
THE (JOjN(iiiESSIGNAL GLOBE.
2799
Kelley]' says that the people in this country
or in the district of my colleague [Mr. Strqngj
instead of importing bar iron, import, in order
to evade the duty, bar iron cut up into conven-
ient sizes for the purpose of making cutlery,
1 wish to say to him and to his distinguished
colleagues on the Committee of Ways and
Means, who have spent more than two months
m preparing this bill, that it was their duty to
so arrange the provisions of the law that no
such evasion of duty can by any possibility take
place.
Mr. KELLEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Connecticut, and I appeal to my colleagues
on the Committee of Ways and Means 
Mr. KELLOGG. I have only five minutes
and I do not desire to be interrupted. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I come from a district which is
using a large quantity of this scrap iron, and I
do not see any good reason why there should
be a higher duty imposed upon scrap iron than
is imposed upon pig iron. 1 am opposed
to the limitation of this duty upon scrap iron
to refuse cast iron scrap, leaving wrought scrap
iron to come in at a higher duty. I say that
for forty years, with all the wisdom of preceding
Congresses, even if all their wisdom is eoncen -
trated in my distinguished friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] yet there has never
been a Congress which has proposed to put
scrap iron at a higher duty than pig iron.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir; not in a five-
ininutes speech. I am ready to give the gen-
tleman all the protection on pig iron he needs;
but I must be allowed to use my judgment, as
well as himself. I voted with every man from
New England, except three, for a duty of $7
ou pig iron, even when many of us thought
that was more than enough. Notwithstanding
that, the gentleman from Pennsylvania now
comes here and asks us to put a duty on wrought
scrap iron of $11 20. 1 cannot vote for it;
and I will not sit here in silence when the gen-
lieman from Pennsylvania tells my colleague
that he will strike at the interest in his dis-
trict because the members from Connecticut
happen to vote as they please on this lloor.
There is a cry all over the country for cheap
wrought scrap iron. Let this scrap iron come
in at a lower duty than is now imposed upon it.
I will not vote to make it any higher ; and if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks by
threats that he is going to compel any of us to
vote for a higher duty on scrap iron than on
pig iron I tell him that he is mistaken whan
he takes that course on this floor. 1 say that
we ought to provide that scrap iron should
come in at a less duty than pig iron. Last
night we reduced pig iron to $5 per ton. Here
it is proposed to put a duty of $6 per ton on
cast iron scrap, or waste or refuse material,
and to leave wrought scrap iron to pay a duty
of $11 per ton, more than twice as much as
imposed upon pig iron. There is as much sense
in that as in the action of the committee in ref-
erence to anthracite coal, which they have put
on the free list, the duty on which produced
only $2 40 revenue in 1869, while the commit-
tee leave the duty on bituminous eoal, the only
kind of coal we import at all.
Mr. CAKE. That is wrong.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not suppose anthra-
cite coal would produce even that amount of
duty. There ought to be no difference between
cast scrap iron and wrought scrap iron, as is
proposed by this amendment. I do not stand
here for any one district in New England. I
believe in favoring all branches of industry. 1
believe that our manufactures, our agriculture,
and our commerce should all be sustained. I
will go for protection in the district of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania where he needs it
as well as in my own ; and I will not lose my
temper if he sometimes votes differently from
myself, nor will I be affected by any threat to
my colleague or myself for voting against any
measure we believe to be wrong and not neces-
sary for the protection of the interests of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. I agree with the gentleman
from Connecticut.
"No pent-up Utica contracts our powers.
The whole boundless continent is ours."
We go for the whole country and all its
industrial interests.
But 1 agree with my colleague when he
stated—and I desire the House fully to appre-
ciate this single fact—that no wrought iron can
be classified with cast iron in any shape or
form. Wrought iron has undergone another
process of manufacture. When it becomes
wrought iron it becomes more valuable in any
and every shape. You may put wrought iron
in any possible shape that you please and it is
worth from $12 to $15 a ton more than cast
iron for the purposes of manufacture. Why ?
Because it has undergone another process ; it
has been heated and rolled and been freed
from the wastage of puddling. As an illustra-
tion of what 1 am now stating 1 may say that
G tons of pig iron will make 4 tons of rails,
while 5 tons of wrought scrap will make 4 tons
of rails, a.nd with less heat. Now, as a matter
of revenue, independently of any protective
policy, if you tax iron according to its value
you should tax this wrought scrap according
to its value. As my colleague has shown from
the returns of the custom-house, this scrap is
valued at $15 a ton more than pig; more than
double. Should, it not, then, pay a higher duty?
Gentlemen may talk against this as they
please ; but here is the secret of it. Cunning
gentlemen, not of course in Connecticut, but
in New York, New Jersey, and even those
interested in the rolling-mills of Pennsylvania,
discovered this want of proper discrimination
iu the duty on scrap iron. And from 1807,
when there were but 80,982 pounds imported,
the import rose under this tariff to 2,350,823
pounds in I860. In the gentleman's district
and along the coast of New England the little
rolling-mills found that there was here an
opportunity for a small "steal." Under this
tariff they saw that they could import rails
from Russia ; that they could import from Lon-
don cargoes of wrought iron iu various shapes
worth $15 a ton at $1 less duty than they could
import pig iron. Yes, sir ; that is the mean-
ing of it. And I ask, is it fair? Is it honest?
We of Pennsylvania think there is something
more noble in our position. If we cannot get
the consideration and the favor of this House
we at least challenge their respect when out
of old mother earth, from the ore and from
the limestone and from the coal, we build an
article of national defense and necessity, an
article that makes your cannon balls and your
ordnance, your plows ami your plowshares.
When we do this we think we challenge your
respect if we cannot gain your consideration
and. get from you protection. But we think
that those people who in a peddling way steal
advantages from the tariff and run in 2,000,000
or 3,000,000 pounds of iron under a false pre-
tense are entitled to nothing but your contempt,
whether they be the rolling-mills of Pennsyl-
vania or the cutlery factories of the gentle-
man's district in Connecticut.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, the inter-
est of scrap iron is one of some importance
both to the trade and business of the country,
and also to the revenue. Until the act of
1864 the duties on old scrap iron and pig iron
were the same. By the tariff of that year there
was a discrimination of $8 on scrap iron. In
looking at the returns for the years 1867,1808,
and IStiO, as given by the table of Mr. Wells, it
appears that in 1807 there were imported in
round numbers 31,000 tons of scrap iron, in
18G8 there were imported 80,000 tons, and in
1889 there were imported 139,000 tons. It will
be observed that the increase iu the importation
has been extraordinary. It more than doubled
between 1867 and 1808, and not quite doubled
between 1868 and 18G9. The amount of scrap
iron that was imported in 1869 was more than
the amount of pig iron that was imported. I
am looking at the statistics of commerce an (J
navigation that give the figures a little differ-
ently, to be sure, from what Mr. Wells has
given them. Of the importation of scrap iron
in 1867 more than one half, nearly two thirds,
came from England, and in the importations
for 1869 the proportion was nearly the same.
The amount that we import from all the West
Indies, the British West Indies, the Danish
West Indies, and the Spanish West Indies, is
a very inconsiderable amount. Almost the
entire importation is from England, including
Scotland, from France, and from Spain.
Now, we found during the examination that
we made last summer into the operations of
the tariff that under the head of "scrap iron"
was introduced a good deal of new iron, cutinto
small piecos, put into forms so that they can be
picked out and put into use, but which is really
new iron brought iu in the form of scrap iron at
$8 a ton. I make no charges of that kind against
the constituents of the gentleman from the
Hartforddistrictof Connecticut, [Mr. Stroxg,]
for I know nothing about it, but of the general
fact I have plenary evidence, and the commit-
tee were satisfied that it was so. Hence in
framing this bill, with a view to meet that
defect, they have inserted this definition of
scrap iron, "that nothing shall be deemed
scrap iron except waste or refuse material that
has been in actual use, and is lit only to be
remanufactured." That definition is a little dif-
ferent from the definition of "scrap iron" in
the act of 1864. Then, in the next clause we
include "ends, clippings, and punchings of
new iron," itbeingthe intention of the bill as it
is framed that none but old. worn pieces shall
come in as scrap iron. This amendment pro-
poses another distinction between cast scrap and
wrought scrap. Now, it will be very evident to
any one at all in the slightest degree familiar
with iron operations that scrap iron is a more val-
uable article than pig iron, for the reason that
there is less waste and less expense in manu-
facturing it and putting it into a form fit for
use. This amendment, in my opinion, there-
fore ought to prevail.
Mr. DlClvEY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. I desire only to state to the
House the exact condition of this question, as
I understand it, after considerable examina-
tion. And I want to say, in the first place,
that I ain not conscious that there is a rolling-
mill in my district. I wish there was, for they
are very profitable concerns. But this is the
state of the law; ever since 1832 "old or scrap
iron" has come in at $8 a ton. "Old iron"
is everything that is unfitted for use, every-
thing that has been used up by wear and must,
be rcmanufaetured; and then "scrap iron"
is the punchings of boiler-plates, the turnings
of engine lathes, the ends of bars, where bars
of iron not being quite rolled out straight the
ends have been rift off. These are the things
that came in as scrap iron and the others as
old iron, and old or scrap iron came in at one
and the same duty. But unfortunately the
word " or" dropped out, no one observing it,
one day, and thereupon it was claimed that
nothing but old scrap iron should come m.
Well, the word "or" was found again and put
in its place, and old or scrap iron could come in.
The next thing that happened was this bill, and
this bill will keep out everything that is of any
use to anybody, unless it pays a very high duty.
In the first place it provides that scrap iron
of every description shall pay $6 a ton, •' pro-
vided that nothing shall be deemed scrap iron
except waste or refuse material that has been
in actual U3e and is fit only to be remanufac-
tured." Then the next paragraph includes
all sorts of scraps, "including ends, clippings,
and punchings of new iron, less finished than
