1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
to make the national banking system free, and
for other purposes, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I yield the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
not detain the House with the speech which I
have prepared on this subject, but will merely
ask leave to print it.
There was no objection; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the motion to
reconsider the vote by which that bill was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONLEY, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print his remarks on the mili-
tary bill as part of the debate. [See Ap-
pendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of James
Parker and others, citizens of Crowley county,
Kansas, for the extinguishment of the Indian
title to the lands of the Osage Indian reserva-
tion, and the opening of the lands for settle-
ment nnder the preemption and homestead
acts.
Also, the petition of E. C. Manning and
others, citizens of Crowley county, Kansas,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of G. H. Norton and
others, citizens of the same county, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of A. Faubionand others,
citizens of the same county, for the same
object.
Also, the petition of J. A. Hohmann and
others, citizens of the same county, for the
same object.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, against the ratification of a
treaty with the Kansas tribe of Indians and
the sale of their reserve to any but actual
settlers.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Kan-
sas with reference to damages sustained by
Indian depredations.
Also, a petition of settlers at Pottawatomie
for a bill confirming their title to homesteads..
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of W. H.
Schutter and 150 others, citizens of Alexan-
der county, Illinois, praying that all the tax on
distilled spirits may be collected at the distill-
ery or distillery warehouse, increasing the tax
there to be paid to cover all. taxes now pro-
vided by law.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of James C.
Fry and 51 others, soldiers of West Virginia,
praying for bounty.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: Eight petitions
of citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, asking for a
change in the mode of taxing distilled spirits.
By Mr. H AIGHT: A petition of 41 residents
of Vincent Town, Burlington county, New Jer-
sey, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league
representing alien interests, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in America, and for
such readjustment of duty on articles made in
this country as will protect domestic industry.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of 66
workingmen in South Mountain Iron Works,
Pine Grove, Cumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, protesting against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and pray-
ing for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., the products of tropical countries,
and snch readjustment of duty on home man-
ufactures as will protect domestic industry and
sustain the American workmen.
Also, a petition of 80 workingmen in New
Bloomfield, Perry county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
and other necessaries not produced in this
country, and such readjustment of duty on
home productions as will sustain American
industry.
Also, a petition 105 mechanics and working-
men, at Boiling Springs, Cumberland county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against any change
in the tariff laws suggested by a free trade
league, and praying for a reduction of duty on
tea, coffee, &c., and such readjustment of duty
on home productions as will protect domestic
industry.
Also, a petition of 48 workingmen, in West
Fairview, Cumberland county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against free trade, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., ana such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will sustain the wages of the Amer-
ican mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of Richard
Wootten, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension.
Also, the petition of James W. Burgiss, of
Rockingham county, Virginia, asking the re-
moval of his political disabilities.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Apeti-
tion of exporters, merchants, and distillers in
Massachusetts, praying that the drawback on
domestic spirits exported may be increased to
the full amount of the tax paid on such spirits.
Also, the petition of William Claflin and
others, citizens of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying for an appropriation to aid the Arctic
explorations of Captain C. F. Hall.
By Mr. KELLE Y: The petition of William
H. Rogers and 121 others, employes in Bement
& Dougherty's Industrial Iron Works, Phila-
! delphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
! any change in the tariff laws suggested by a
l free-trade league, and praying for a reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c., the
products of tropical countries, and such read-
justment of duty on American productions as
will prevent frauds on the custom-house, main-
tain home industry, and sustain the wages of
I the American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
! i Also, the petition of Thomas Moore and 97
j! others, employ6s in Powers & Weightman's
j j Chemical Works, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
| j remonstrating against any change in the tariff
i i laws suggested by a free-trade league, and pray-
j I ing for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drug?,
■' spices, &c., and such readjustment of duty on
'articles made in this country as will_ prevent
frauds on the custom-house, maintain home
. industry, and sustain the wages of the Ameri-
!: can mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
I Also, the petition of George Warbrick and
,i 134 others, working in Bush Hill Iron Works,
; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
! by a free-trade league, and praying for a reduc-
tionof duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c.,
the products of tropical countries, and such
, readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will prevent frauds on the customs,
maintain home industry, and sustain the wages
i of the American mechanic and the market of
!! the American farmer.
II Also, a petition of 47 workingmen in paper
Ji manufacture at Manayunk, Philadelphiacoun-
■ j ty, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
!' change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
j! trade league, and praying for a reduction of
l! duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for such readjust-
ji ment of duty on articles made in this country
I: as will protect home industry.
! Also, a petition of 26 workmen in the Scale
I Works of Banks, Dinsmore & Co., in Phila-
ji delphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
L any change in the tariff laws suggested by a
free-trade league, and praying for a reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c., the
products of tropical countries, and such read-
justment of duty on articles made in this coun-
try as will prevent frauds on the customs,
maintain home industry, and sustain the wages
of the American mechanic and the market of
the American farmer.
Also, the petition of Robert Kane and 124
others, workers in cotton factory at Manayunk,
Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania,remonstrat-
ing against any change in the tariff laws sug-
gested by a free-trade league, and praying for
a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., the
products of tropical countries, and such read-
justment of duty on articles made in this coun-
try as will sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and th<s market of the American
farmer.
Also, a petition of 60 workers in cotton and
woolen manufacture, at Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against free trade, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., and such readjustment of duty on home
manufactures as will maintain American in-
dustry.
Also, the petition of Joseph Miles and 90
others, workmen in paper manufacture, farm-
ers, and mechanics of Manayunk, Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league representing alien interests, and
praying for reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., and such readjustment of duty on articles
made in this country as will protect domestic
industry.
Also, a petition of 40 workers in cotton
mill at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., and such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will prevent
frauds on the customs, maintain home indus
try, and sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of G. Gar-
nett, of Kentucky, asking that certain money
Eaid into the Treasury of the United States
e refunded to him.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of C hris-
topher Dermer and 140 others, citizens of Wil-
kins township, Alleghany county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &c., the products of tropical
countries, and such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will prevent
frauds on the customs, maintain home indus-
try, and sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market- of 'the American
farmer.
Also, the petition of Thomas Langford and
77 others, mineraih Braddock's Fields Gas-
Coal CompanyVAlleghany county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., the products of tropical countries, and
such readjustment of duty on articles made in
this country as will prevent frauds on the cus-
toms, maintain home industry, and sustain the
wages of the American mechanic and the mar-
ket of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 86 workingmen in Steel
Works of Anderson & Woods, Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change
in the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade
league, and praying for reduction of duty on
tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c., the products
of tropical countries, and such readjustment
of duty on articles made in this country as will
prevent frauds on the custom-house, maintain
home industry, and sustain the wages of the
American workman and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, a petition of 33 irou-workers in Pitts-
