544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
with another section quite as affirmative as
anything you will find in any State constitu-
tion in the United States. They say:
"3. That the Constitution of the UnitedStates and
the laws of Congress passed in pursuance thereof
constitute the supreme law of the land"—
You do not find that in the constitutions of
many States—
"to which paramount allegiance and obedience are
due from every citizen, anything in the constitution,
ordinances, or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Here Virginia by an almost unanimous vote
has declared at the ballot-liox—the only way
in which she could declare it—that her para-
mount allegiance is due to the United States 5
and yet a memorial comes here from thirteen
loyalists of Virginia who say that there has
been no such renunciation, and that Virginia
still holds to the doctrine of secession, and
they can prove it. Is not that remarkable?
Then there is another charge which they pro-
pose to prove:
"6. Wo will show that Governor Walker was a
copperhead during the war, in full sympathy with
the rebellion, and president of the 'Invincible
Club/ of Chicago, which was oi'ganized for the pur-
pose of rescuing rebel prisoners from Camp Douglas,
and that his political proclivities have undergone
no change since he has been in Virginia. He was
the candidate of the rebel party of the city of Nor-
folk two years ago for a seat in the constitutional
convention, and out of a poll of nearly two thousand
colored voters received only eight votes. He pub-
licly stated in the canvass last summer that he
'should vote for GeneralKobertE. Lee for Governor
because ho was the greatest soldier of the age,' and
also because he and General Lee occupied the same
political platform," &c.
Let us examine that for a moment. I find
in the Chicago Tribune of Saturday last the
following reference to this memorial, and to
the statement that Governor Walker was the
organizer and president of this Invincible
Club:
" The memorial submitted by Mr. Sumner as repre-
senting the views of the * loyal* people of Virginia
recites, among other things, that Governor Walkor
was 'president of a club in Chicago organized to
rescue rebel prisoners from Camp Douglas.' If the
other statements in the memorial are as reckless and
untruthful as this the document is certainly not
worth having a quarrel about. Mr. Walker left this
city several years before the Camp Douglas con-
spiracy took place, and established his residence in
Norfolk, Virginia. During the last political cam-
paign in Virginia a paper was sent from that State to
Chicago affirming that Mr. "Walker was president of
a club organized to rescue the Camp Douglas pris-
oners, to which paper respectablecitizens were asked
to sign their names. The signatures were not ob-
tained. Hence we conclude that the parties who
prepared the memorial which Mr. Sumner presented
knew that it was false in this particular at least."
This is not all the information we have on
this subject. Mr. Farnsworth, of the other
House, who has known Governor Walker for
years, bears this tribute to him upon this par-
ticular question:
" Mr. Farnsworth. I cannot yield to the gentlo-
man just now. Why, sir, to my own knowledge
Govornor Walker was a strong Douglas man, and
sympathized with that great man in his political
principles up to the day of his death. He was with
Douglas when he made his great speech in Spring-
lield, in which he sounded the key-note to tno war
Democrats of the country in favor of the Union and
of the war for its maintenance. Governor Walker
himself made speeches in favor of the "war. He went
to Springfield and aided in raising troops for the
successful prosecution of the war."
Mr. HOWARD. What document is the
Senator reading from ?
Mr. STEWART. 1 am reading from the
Congressional Globe the speech of Mr. Farks-
worth, bearing testimony to Governor Walk-
er's character:
" It is a libel, a gross, black, damnable libel, to
charge him with what has been charged inthelying
document to which I have referred. 4Vhy, sir, there
were read at the Clerk's desk last evening resolu-
tions which Governor Walker asked Virginia to
pass, and the only reason why the Legislature of
Virginia did not pass them was becauseyour Attor-
ney General said that they had no authority to en-
gage in any kind of legislation or to do anything
beyond ratifying the fifteenth amendment and elect-
ing United States Senators."
I might stop here; bat you have recently
confirmed a Governor for Utah who is well
known to the Senate, and who is an old friend
of Governor Walker. I ask the Clerk to read
a letter from him with regard to this particular
point.
The Secretary read the following letter;
WlIiLABO'S Hotel^
Washington, D. C., January IS, 18/0.
Sir: I have known Governor O.O.Walker for
many years; and while there is no doubt ho was a
strong friend of Mr. Douglas, and what wap called
in Illinois a Douglas Democrat, yet to my certain
knowledge he was a truly loyal man, following im-
plicitly the teachings of his great leader, who, in my
judgment, changed the entire course of the Douglas
Democratic party of our State from opposition to
the Government to a hearty support of it. This is
the party to which Governor Walker belonged ;_ana
while I know nothing in regard to affairs m Vir-
ginia, nor do I pretend to express an opinion, I have
no hesitation in saying that Governor Walker is and
always has been a loyal man.
Respectfully, your obedient ^/™^HAEFER-
Hon. William M. Stewakt, United States Senate.
Mr. STEWART. In the same speech from
which the extract has been read, the same
speech reported by that special correspondent,
Governor Walker states what his platform is.
He says:
" The platform upon which I stand is that of uni-
versal amnesty and impartial suffrage. I have long
believed that to carry out in good faith the recon-
struction acts was the only basis for the substantial
restoration of Virginia to tho Union—'though I have
always objected, and do now. to the disfranchising
feature in those laws."
So did President Grant and so did this Con-
gress in allowing those disfranchising clauses
to be voted upon separately so that they might
be defeated. I undertake to say that no candi-
date for Governor not running on the Repub-
lican ticket, running before an ex-rebel con-
stituency or before a Democratic constituency,
no candidate running under the circumstances
under which Governor Walker rail ;has ever
made such declarations before. No such candi-
date has ever come up to that standard. I
undertake to say further that if the Republican
party of Virginia had been wise, if they had
followed the suggestions made by the message
of the President and by the action of Congress,
which indicated that those clauses ought not to
be in the constitution, and had planted them-
selves upon the bi-oad principle of equal rights,
and while they lived had been willing that their
neighbors should live, they would have been
successful.
There is in the human heart a sentiment of
generosity; and if you appeal to that senti-
ment in elections it is a powerful element. I
do not believe there is a State in the TJnion
where if the question is put between a gener-
ous, honest, straightforward, liberal course
toward all those who are willing to accept the
terms of Congress and a distrustful, hesitating
course that the liberal policy will not prevail.
The American people expected that when this
war was over, when the guarantees for the
safety of the black man, the guarantees neces-
sary for the security of the Union and the prin-
ciples of equal rights were insured by placing
in the Constitution and on the statute-book the
neccssary securities, all the States would be
restored to their proper places in the Union.
The expectation was that we would receive
them and then hold them to the stipulations.
But what can you say to Virginia if she should
violate the principles of reconstruction ? Sup-
pose Virginia should violate th^m after you
had turned her from your door and said you
would not trust her under any circumstances,
would not the world say " shamewould not
the world say you had first violated your faith ?
Mr. YATES. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada does he know when Gov-
ernor Walker left Chicago ?
Mr. STEWART. He left long before the
organization of this club. It was during the
war, but I cannot fix the date exactly.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ne-
vada will allow me, I wish to call his attention
to a document which I presume is on his table,
purporting to be a letter written by a Mr.
Root, dated Chicago, May 25, 1869, which, in
speaking of Governor Walker, says:
"He was also president of the Invincible Club
here, which was regarded as a violent copperhead
organization, a portion of which was arrested and
taken to Cincinnati for providmg arms to rescue
prisoners in Camp Douglas. Their names were
Charley Walsh, Brick Morris, 0. Jackson, St. Leger
Grenefel. all belonging to this club.
Mr. STEWART. That must be a different
club altogether, because the 
Mr. YATES. I ask my friend if he knows
when Governor Walker left Chicago?
Mr. STEWART. I say I do not. The
Tribune makes a statement in regard to it.
Mr. YATES. Those were "times that tried
men's souls."
Mr. STEWART. The Chicago Tribune says,
" Mr. Walker left this city several years before
the Camp Douglas conspiracy.took place."
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of that?
Mr. STEWART. The Tribune of the 16th
of January.
Mr. YATES. All this is a question of fact.
Mr. STEWART. Do you know anything
about it ?
Mr. YATES. I know this: that there was a
Democratic party and that there was a Repub-
lican party, and that Mr. Douglas came out
right finally, just before the war ; but I want
to know about Governor Walker.
Mr. STEWART. It is not worth while to
interrupt me any more for that, because I do
not know personally about Governor Walker.
But, Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada to yield to me.
Mr. STEWART. Letmefinishmysentence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desiro the
Senator to yield to me while I call up a bill
of the other House, concurrence in which is
necessary.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me five minutes
more and I shall get through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I shall not
get the opportunity. I rely on the courtesy of
the Senator to allow me to have this bill passed.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
HOUSE COMMITTEE EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up House
bill No. 881, which is on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to take up at this time the bill (H. R. No.
861) making appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency incurred in pursuance of investigations
ordered by the House of Representatives.
The bill was read. It proposes to appropri-
ate $3,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, for the purpose of defraying the expenses
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
incurred in fulfillment of the orders of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send to the
Chair a note, which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, D. January 17,1S70.
Dear Sir: The Committee on Banking and.Cur-
rency are now making investigations into the gold
panic, as ordered by the House. I find that there is
no appropriation for the payment of witness fees.
It is impossible to say how much money will be
required for this purpose, but I presume $8,000 will
not be more than sufficient, and the expenses may
exceed that amount. We are everyday discharging
•witnesses, and it is very embarrassing to them not to
receive their pay upon their discharge. I therefore
recommend that an appropriation of at least $3,000
be made immediately for the purpose indicated.
Very respectfully, yours,
. J.A.GARFIELD,
Ckairman Committee on Banking and Currency.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, Mouse of liepre.ientatives.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the object of this
$3,000 ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill appro-
priates $3,000 to pay the expenses of witnesses
called before a committee of investigation.
Mr. FOWLER. For what purpose?
Mr. EDMUNDS. An investigation into the
gold panic in New York.
Mr. FOWLER. The late gold panic? I do
not see what we have to do with that. That
