3744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
about twenty thousand white people he sup-
posed, judging from the history of the past,
that the Indians would have to go to the wall;
that the Indian must go under in such a con-
flict. If that be the result of his matured de-
liberations, then pray, why not pass a law car-
rying into effect the substance of this contract
which these Indians themselves have made?
If they are now under the feet of these bad
people, if they are about to be crushed, that
furnishes, in my judgment, a reason for im-
mediate legislative action on the part of the
national Government, rather than for delay.
But the honorable Senator thought that the
provisions of the bill were not so wise as they
should have been. That may be. I think it
is quite probable that the bill could be greatly
improved by amendments, and I am the last
member of this body who would object to any
appropriate amendment. The Senator thought
that the language used—''that the United
States shall assume the absolute control and
ownership of all the lands known as the Great
and Little Osage reservation"—was inappro-
priate. He inquired, "is not this lofty lan-
guage to be used on the part of the people of
the United States, forty million strong, against
a weak tribe of Indians, numbering but about
four thousand ? " Why, sir, the fitness of the
language is not, in my opinion, a proper sub-
ject for serious discussion other than with a
view to amendment. If the thing proposed is
right I should hope to avail myself of the
larger ability of the honorable Senator from
Maine in eecuring the proper phraseology to
carry into effect the legislative intent of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
soy in the chair.) The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to announce that the appropriation bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate the Senator from
Iowa be allowed to continue his remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, and by unanimous con-
cent, the appropriation bill will be laid aside
informally to enable the Senator from Iowa to
conclude his remarks..
Mr. HARLAN. But, Mr. President, is it
trne in point of fact that this language is so
very objectionable? What other phraseology
would be more apt? These Indians are not
the absolute owners of these lands. By the
terms of the treaty of 1825 this tract of country
was reserved for the use of the Indians just
41 so long as they may choose to occupy the
same." They had, therefore, no other title
than this. Under the provisions of that treaty
they have the right to the use and the enjoy-
ment of these lands. The fee is in the United
States. The fee, it is supposed, was purchased
of France, and paid for when the territory was
acquired from that Government. As construed
by the highest courts of the country, the fee to
the public domain occupied by Indians is in
the United States. The Indian tribes found in
occupancy are held to own only the right to
the use end enjoyment of the land; nothing
more. When they abandon these lands vol-
untarily, the United States obtains perfect
title without the formality of the negotiation
of a treaty. The mere abandonment of the
lands by the savage tribes gives the United
States a perfect title in fee, not only the rever-
sionary right, but also the right to the imme-
diate use and enjoyment. These Indians ac-
quired no title of any kind from the United
States. The United States did not, in that or
any other treaty, grant to the Indians title to
these lands. The Indians reserved the lands,
and held them under whatever right of title
they derived from their ancestors. They there-
fore hold by the ordinary Indian title; nothing
more.
If, then, the title to these lands is divided,
the right to the use and enjoyment being in the
Indians, aud the right to the reversion, to the
acre.
fee, being in the United States, is there any
inaptness in tho phraseology proposed by the
committee, "that the United States shall as-
sume the absolute control and ownership,"
a?i.er buying oilt the Indian title, after paying
full compensation for these lands according to
agreement. The object of this clause of the
proposed law is to merge both titles, the Indian
title to the possession and the right to the fee,
in the Government of the United States, so as
to enable the U nited States to make a complete
title to its grantee.
But, sir, I shall not insist, as I before re-
marked, on the aptness of the phraseology
used. Others more skilled in framing laws
doubtless could find better terms. There can
be no doubt that if the Indians under that
contract, whether the contract be a legal con-
tract or not, whether it could be enforced in
the courts of the country or otherwise, aban-
don the lands under the belief that they have
sold them, the moment that they voluntarily
leave the lands the title of the United States
becomes perfect. The great lawyers of this
body will hardly call in question the soundness
of this opinion.
But tho honorable Senator from Maine
thought that the price proposed by the com-
mittee in the pending bill to be paid to the
Iftdians for this land was not large enough. 1
am not sure that the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] would agree with him in
that opinion. As one of the members of the
Committee on Indian Affairs I had a convic-
tion that it might be necessary for this bill to
steer between the rocks and the whirlpools;
that what the honorable Senator from Maine
might be inclined to hold was but a fair price
for these lands might be deemed by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, who occupies the
position by senatorial appointment of the
guardian of the portals of the Treasury, a
very extravagant price. The committee there-
fore deemed it necessary to be practicable as
well as just. They understood that their rec-
ommendation would have to pass the ordeal
of the Senate and of the House of Represent-
atives as well as of the-country.
The honorable Senator from Maine informed
the Senate and the country (for when that Sen'
ator speaks the country listens) that the lands
are worth vastly more than the amount named
in the bill. His words are winged. They go
off on the pinions of the lightning. Not only
the phraseology and logic of his speeches, but
their tone and temper also, are reported in the |
metropolitan and country journals. And as j
thus reported -this speech might be filly repre- ;
sented as a broad exclamation of surprise, not
to say of indignation, at the Committee on |
Indian Affairs. Whether intended as a reflec- :
tion on the judgment or motives of the com- j
mittee or not, this speech was understood to
be an implied reflection on their justice or :
capacity. I therefore feel justified in review- j
ing his statements and challenging the correct' j
ness of the data on which the superstructure ;
of his opinions rests. j
He informed the Senate that he had exam- j
ined this subject; that he had had parties be- j
fore him, and according to the best lights which j
he could bring to bear he believed that these I
lands were worth at the very least $4 25 an ;
Elsewhere in his speech he said that .
they were worth in the aggregate $40,000,000,
I could not exclude from my memory, when j
this judgment was announced by the honorable ;
Senator, the vote that he had given but a day
or two previously in favor of the passage of the
.Northern Pacific railroad bill, one object of
which was to secure to that company not less
than fifty million acres of land to aid them
in the construction of a railroad which their
engineer stated would not cost, complete in
all its parts, with switches, turn-outs, turn-
tables, round-houses, machine-shops, depots,
rolling stock, everything complete, over eighty-
five million dollars. If these Osage lands are
worth at the very least $4 25 an acre, then the
fifty million acres of land lying (in each side of
that proposed railroad would be worth
000,000, which that honorable Senator voted
to a railroad company to aid in the construc-
tion of a work which they estimate will not
cost to exceed eighty-five million dollars, the
road to belong to the company after comple-
tion. This conclusion is inevitable, unless
the honorable Senator supposes that these
Osage lands are worth more on an average than
the average value of the lands lying on each
side of the line of that railroad. And yet I
cannot come to that conclusion without under-
rating the honorable Senator's intelligence. It
would not require an extraordinary degree of
knowledge ot the topography of our country to
justify any one in the conclusion that the aver-
age of the lands on the proposed Northern
Pacific railroad line are worth more per acre
than the average of the Osage lands. I was at
a loss, therefore, how to reconcile this fact with
that; this opinion expressed in a speech with
that opinion expressed by a vote. I do not
now know how to reconcile them.
But, Mr. President, we are not left to mere
conjecture, or to the loose opinions ofthose who
may live in the vicinity of these tracts of lands
respectively. There are other modes oftesting
the value of public lands. The value of prop-
erty may be tested in other modes. The com-
mercial value of all property, I suppose, is just
so much and no more than it will bring in
market. Let us test the value of the Osage
lands, measured by this standard. 1 hold m
my hand a letter from the honorable Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, dated May
7, which I will read:
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office, Man 7, 1870.
Sir: In response.to your inquiry of this morning
I have the honor to state that of the Osage trust
lands, ceded under the second article of treaty Sep-
tember 29,1865, there have been sold up to the 31st
March, 1870, 41,383.18 acres, for which there was re-
ceived $51,728 70. The expenses attending the sales
Of these lands are as follows:
Cost of survey $1,300 00
Commissions and incidental expenses  1,273 05
Making a total of. |2,573 05
and leaving as the net proceeds thus far realized
$49,155 65, the sales commencing January, 1868.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
JOS. S. WILSON.
Commissioner.
P. S. The cost of the survey of Osage trust lands,
article second, was #88,516 76. J. S. W.
Hon. James Harlan, United StcJei Senate.
By the provisions of the second article of the
treaty of 1865, as I have previously remarked,
the Osage Indians ceded to the Government
of the United States, in trust, to be sold for
their use at $1 25 an acre to actual settlers, a
strip of land from the north side of this reserve,
twenty miles wide, extending its whole length,
about two hundred and fifty-three miles. It
appears from this letter that these lands had
been in market two years and three months,
up to the close of the last report, at $1 25 an
acre—twenty miles in breadth of the previous
strip of fifty miles, two fifths of the whole,
amounting to three million two hundred thou-
i sand acres. Two full fifths of this tract of
; land has been in market two years and three
months at $1 25 an acre, and of that quantity,
three million two hundred thousand acres,
there have been sold 41,383^% acres.
Does the honorable Senator from Maine sup-
pose that these frontier people are fools as well
as knaves ? If these lands are worth at the
j very lowest $4 50 an acre, why is it that not
more than forty-two thousand acres bave been
sold at $1 25 an acre in a period of twenty-
seven months? And yet, Mr. President, this
is the kind of knowledge with which the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs are confronted by the
honorable Senator from Maine. Doubtless he
believed his utterances to be true; he doubt-
less was candid in every expression <)f opinion.
He not having examined the subject had ar-
rived at an erroneous opinion. The commit-
tee whose duty it was under the instruction of
the Senate to examine the gubject have done
