1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March II,
burg, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a redaction of
duty on tea, coffee, &c., and such readjustment
of duty on home manufactures as will main-
tain domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 133 employes at the Mo-
nongahela Iron Works, Pittsburg, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free- trade league, and
prayingfor areductionofduty on tea,coffee, &c.,
and such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will maintain American in-
dustry.
Also, a petition of 41 iron*workers of Pitta-
burg, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for redaction of duty
on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c., and such
readjustment of duty on articles manufactured
in this country as will prevent frauds on the i
custom-house, maintain home industry, and j
sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 15 workers in soap man-
ufacture at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
for such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will protect domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 197 citizens of Birming-
ham, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, pro-
testing against free trade, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for
such readjustment of duty on home produc-
tions as will sustain domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 56 residents of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against free
trade, and praying for a readjustment of duty
on home productions in the interest of Ameri-
can industry.
Also, a petition of 70 mechanics and labor-
ers in Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of duty on tea^ coffee, and
other necessaries not produced in America,
and for such readjustment of duty on articles
made in this country as will sustain domestic
industry.
Also, a petition of 46 employes in glass man-
ufacture at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., ana
for a readjustment of duty on home produc-
tions in the interest of American industry.
Also, the petition of William Adams and 115
others, citizens of South Pittsburg, Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against free
trade, and praying for a reduction of duty on
tea, coffee, &c., and for such readjustment of
duty on American products as will protect
domestic industry.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 11, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read mid
approved.
petitions and mkmohials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Missouri, in favor of
an appropriation to enable the proper Depart- :
ment to order a survey and report to be made on
the condition of the Osage river, with a view :
to the removal of obstructions to navigation ;
in that river; which were referred to the Com- j
mtttee on Commerce. j
Mr. SCHURZ. I present the memorial of ;
the Board of Tradeand Merchants' Exchange, '
signed also by a large number of the business
men of St. Louis, praying the adoption of the
bill now pending, designed to remove exist-
ing hinderances, and giving increased facilities
to the great cities of the interior for the direct
importation of foreign merchandise. I move
that it be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
L. B. Thornton, of Tuscumbia, Alabama, and
of Richard Chitwood, of De Kalb county,
Alabama, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received and desire
to present to the Senate several petitions,
numerously signed by citizens of this Dis-
trict, asking that there may be passed by Con-
gress a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating
liquors in this District as a beverage. I pre-
sent another petition of the same import, set-
ting forth to a considerable extent the reasons
why the petitioners desire in this District a
prohibitory liquor law. They represent that
the crime and pauperism of the city are so great
that Congress is constantly called upon for
appropriations; and they think if the grog-
geries were dried up in this town the result
would be to decrease pauperism and crime,
which would be of great public convenience.
I coincide with that view of the ca6e. I move
that these petitions be referred to the Commit-
tee on tlie District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
W. C. Barney and others, asking that laws
may be enacted for the protection of subma-
rine cables on the coast of the United States
and on the high seas; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of importers
and growers of seeds, plants, &c., asking that
the tariff bill be so amended as to forbid in any
case the importation of these articles free of
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented three petitions from citi-
zens of New York, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of E.
M. Cramer, of Yicksbarg, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. REVELS. I present a petition and
accompanying documents from J. F. Baum,
residing in Vicksburg, Mississippi, asking Con-
gress to pass a bill providing for the payment
to him of the sum of $1,000 for the use of his
property in Vicksburg by the military authori-
ties of the United States. I move its reference
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REVELS. Mr. President, I present the
petition of senators and representatives of the
General Assembly of the State of Georgia,
which has been communicated to me by tele-
graph. It is a protest against the adoption by
the Senate of what is known as the Bingham
amendment to the Georgia bill. As this paper
is from members of the Legislature of Georgia,
who have communicated it by telegraph, I send
it to the Clerk and ask to have it read.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
Atlanta, Georgia, March 10,18T0.
Hon. Hibau It. Revels,
United Statu Senator from Mittittippi,
Senate Chamber ;
The undersigned, senators and representatives in
the General Assembly of tho State of Georgia, desire
you to present this protest to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States whon tho Georgia bill comes up for dis-
cussion, as you aro the only representative of our
raco and color in that body. We urge you to do all
in your power to prevent the adoption of Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment to the Georgia bill, the result of
which would be to deliver us, bound hand and foot,
into tho hands of our most bitter and relentless ene-
mies. Wo ask your aid anil influence. Shall we ask
in vain ?
Atlakta, Georgia, March 10,1370.
To tht honorable the Senate of the United State) :
We, as oolorcd men and members of the senate and
house of representatives of the General Assembly of
Georgia, representing over ninety thousand citizens
of the State, desire earnestly and solemnly to pro-
test against the adoption by your honorable body of
the bill for the admission of Georgia as amended in
the House by Mr. Bingham, of Ohio; and we do so
bocause, to give protection and the enjoyment of
equal rights to all classcs of our citizen.-, it is r.cce--
sary that such legislation should bo lmd wili teem o
the passage of such jury laws a-i will insure justic'io
tho eolored men, of a bill for the promotion ot ciu-
cation among all classes, and also such auu ii'imei.t
of the election laws as will give a fair and l'rcv < x-
pressionof each citizen's political views. It elcotio'ii-
tako place this fall, the passage of such bills, wh-ch
aro neccssary for our salvation, will engender tho
most bitter strife and hostility on tho parr of the
white citizens against our race and color. Violence
and bloodshed will mark tho course of such election-',
and a fair expression of tho will of the people cannot
be had. We shall bo driven from the pollj, a? in the
presidential election, by armed and organized bands
ot rebels, and our State given over to the guidance
and control of the most extreme men of the Demo-
cratic party. We respectfully ask your honorable
body that the bill passed December 22 may be given
lull effect.
T. G. CAMPBELL, sen.,
Senator, second district.
T. G. CAMPBELL, jr.,
Jiepretentative, AlcJnlo&h county.
THOMAS CRAYTON.
Senator, twelfth district.
JOHN T. COSTIN,
Jleprcsrntative, Talbot county.
GEOltUE WALLACE,
Senator, twentieth dittrict.
A. COLBY,
Jiepretentative. Greeni enmity.
W. H. HARRISON,
Hepretentative, Ilancoch cnun'y.
E. BARNES,
Jlepresentative, Ilancoch county.
MADISON DAVIS,
Jiepretentative, Clarke countu.
A. RICHARDSON,
Jiepretentative, Clarke count]/.
MUNDAY FLOYD.
Jiepretentative, Morgan county,
SAMUEL WILLIAMS,
Jleprcsentative, JJarrii county,
ROMULUS MOORE.
Jlepresentative, Columbia county.
G. GARDNER.
llcprescntative, Vt'arroi county.
W. A. GOLDEN,
Jleprcsentative, Liberty county.
P. O'NEAL,
Jiepretentative, Baldwin county,
JOHN WARREN,
Jiepretentative, Burke county.
M. CLAIBORNE,
Jiepretentative, Ilurkc county,
II. M. TURNER,.
Jiepretentative, Bibb county.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Judiciary
Committee having reported on the subject, the
petition will lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the petition of
Benjamin S. Ewell, president of the College
of William and M.irv, of Williamsburg, Vir-
ginia, and others of Virginia, praying an ap-
propriation of money or land to reimburse the
college for the destruction, in 1862, 1863, and
1864, of its buildings, inclosures, and other col-
• lege property by United States troops. I move
its reference to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON also presented the petitions
of A. G. Catron, Wythe county, Virginia; of
James D. Hawkins, Halifax county, Virginia ;
of James C. Williams, New Kent county, Vir-
ginia; of F. P. Spotts, Tazewell county, Vir-
finia; of Charles W. Lyons, Wythe county,
'irginia; of John C. Cooke, Gloucester county,
Virginia; of James Ray Micod, Essex county,
Virginia; of U. O. Yost, Tazewell county,
Virginia; of Ellington Wells, Hiram Ripgs,
Harvey C. Bruce, and M. T. Lipps, of Wise
county, Virginia; of Charles A. Ronald, Mont-
gomery county, Virginia; of Virginius Free-
mau, Norfolk, Virginia; of John M. Hamil-
ton, Washington county, Virginia; of J. B.
Cabell, M. D., Richmond, Virginia; of Osborn
Hamiliton, Bath county, Virginia; of Edwin
Brown, Northumberland county, Virginia;
of William R. Clanghton, Northumberland
county, Virginia; and of Thomas B. Evens,
Middlesex county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of R. S.
Thomas, Madison county, Virginia: T. F.
Berry, Madison county Virginia; of Jamos
W. Walker, jr., Madison county, Virjrina ; cf
William P. Fiuks, Madison county. Virginia:
