2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
bars and more advanced than pig iron," at 1
cent a pound or $20 a ton. So that you cut
up all this scrap-iron business.
Now, when 1 tell the House that more scrap
iron is imported than pig iron, and that all
scrap iron is made into tools and the smaller
articles of ironware, cutlery, hoes, shovels,
knives, shears, scythes, axes, &c., the com-
mittee will see how great a matter it is, and that
this is the largest tax really put upon any form
of iron. I have no quarrel about the question of
east and wrought scrap iron. That is not my
point. But when they undertake to prevent any
ship from obtaining ballast where it can get old
iron for the purpose, or to prevent the punch-
ings and the turnings and the little pieces of iron
thrown out of the blacksmiths' shops, and all
that kind of iron which must be remanufac-
tured in order to become valuable, from being
brought into this country—when they propose
to put a prohibitory tariff on this scrap iron, I
must say that I do not think it is fair play.
I say again, that I am desirous of giving them
a fair protection. But this question of scrap
iron, the chippings of common iron, is one of
great importance; and, as a fact showing its
importance, I would state that more tons of
scrap iron have been imported into this coun-
try during the last two years than of pig iron.
And the more the better, I say. If three or
four times as much was brought in, then three
or four times as much would be used in shov-
els, hoes, axes, and plowshares.
And this is a matter affecting not only our
consumers but our commerce. If scrap iron
is to be excluded by a tariff so high as to be
prohibitory, then our ships will not be able to
get any old iron for ballast in the East Indies,
and the West Indies, and in Sweden, where
they have large quantities of it. And the rea-
son why there was none imported a short time
ago was the fact that nothing was allowed to be
imported but "old scrap iron;" not old or
scrap iron, but old scrap iron, for the " or "
had dropped out, and it took a long while to
get it back again.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree with gentlemen
here that it is very important to understand
what we are legislating about, and what is the
history of this matter. There was no distinc-
tion made in the duty upon scrap iron and pig
iron in the tariff of 1842, the tariff of 1846, the
tariff of 1857, or the tariff of 1861. At no time
was any difference made until 1865. Then for
the firat time a distinction was made, and
'1 scrap iron,'' intended to include all old refuse
iron, was put at $1 a ton lower than pig iron.
What was the consequence of that difference ?
Before we made that distinction comparatively
little scrap iron was imported into this coun-
try. But as soon as scrap iron was placed at
a lower duty than pig iron those gentlemen
who made knives and files and all sorts of
things of that kind in the United States sud-
denly discovered that it was better to bring in
for their manufactures what was called scrap
iron at the lower rate of duty than pig iron.
Mr. CAKE. And they made scrap iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; they actually sent
abroad and fraudulently had bars of iron cut
up to be imported as scrap iron. It is in proof
that they did that in order to convert bar iron
into scrap iron so as to bring it in at a low
rate of duty.
Mr. HALDEMAN. If the gentleman will
pardon me for one moment, I will say that
while differing with him on almost all points
in reference to this bill I can on my own knowl-
edge agree with him on this point.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very happy to have
a witness.
Mr. HALDEMAN. And an honest one.
Mr. SCHENCK. And it is to defeat the
practice which has grown up under this dis-
tinction between scrap and pig iron that the
Committee of Ways and Means cow propose
to go back and put scrap iron at a rata of duty
at least as high as pig iron, admitting that they
were mistaken in making the distinction they
did between them. It has been recently put in
proof before the Committee of Ways and Means
that what are called blank files—that is, pieces
of iron or steel prepared forfiles, but not scored
or marked, whatever the term is, for I do not
understand all the technicalities of the trade—■
blank files have been brought into this country
as scrap iron, and all that was needed to be done
after they had been brought here was to stamp
or cut them to make files for sale. I do not
wonder that the gentlemen who make cutlery
in the United States, and need small pieces of
iron for that purpose, should be for bringing
in pieces of boiler iron or any other iron of
the best class, to be converted into cutlery if
they can introduce it as scrap iron at as low a
rate as pig iron, or as, under the present tariff,
at a lower rate, when they can by that means
escape the full rate of duty upon ordinary bar
iron.
Mr. KELLOGG. We usually make cutlery
out of steel.
Mr. SCHENCK. No matter about that.
Iron is used for many purposes connected with
it. But, as I have remarked, it has been
proved before the committee that pieces of
steel ready to be made into files have been
brought in as scrap iron. . -
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
cheating.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course it is. For the
purpose of cutting off this sort of fraud, we
propose to amend the law so that nothing shall
be regarded as scrap iron, but that which has
actually been in use and is fit only to be re-
manufactured. For this reason the commit-
tee have been unwilling to report in favor of
bringing in at the low rate punchings, clip-
pings, ends of bars, or anything else which is
in fact new iron. They have been pressed to
permit to be brought in at a low rate of duty
clippings, punchings, &c., which would serve,
I suppose, for making shovels and things of
that kind. But they believed that all these
pieces of new, good iron should be ranked with
iron of that class, unless we wish to openadoor
for fraud. If we allow a low rate on these pieces
of wrought iron—new, valuable, good iron,
either cut up fraudulently or brought in with-
out fraud—what is the effect? Do we get-any
more cheaply our knives, our files, or the tools
used in the trades of the country? Not at all.
The profit goes to those who introduce this iron
surreptitiously as scrap," while the articles pro-
duced from it are in no way cheapened for the
benefit of the consumer. The committee have,
I think, been in some degree misled heretofore
with reference to this matter; and they are
now of the opinion that if the duty .upon
wrought scrap iron be not fixed at a higher
rate than the duty on pig iron, it ought at least
to be quite as high.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment, that it may be renewed.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment. J
wish to call the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to a single
fact. He has stated that the duty upon scrap
iron was the same as that on pig iron until
1865; and so far as I have heard there was never
any complaint of any injustice done to any
interest by the duty on those two classes of
iron remaining the same. It was only after
the distinction had been made that these frauds
began to creep in under the diminished duty
on scrap iron. I suggest that the true remedy
is to allow scrap iron wrought to remain at $4
per ton, except old railroad iron, which seems
tobethethingprincipallycomplained of, which
shall pay the same duty as pig iron. The effect
of this will be that scrap iron wrought will pay
a rate of duty $1 less than pig iron, except
railroad bar iron, which is said to be more
valuable and about which complaint is made ;
and this will be allowed to remain as it has
ever since 1842, paying the same duty as pig
iron. This, it seems to me, will obviate the
difficulties of all the gentlemen except those
who geek to make the duty on scrap iron higher
than it has ever before been in relation,to pig
iron, making the duty on scrap iron $11 20,per
ton,, while the duty on j ig iron has been fixed
at only $5. Making a discrimination therefor,
striking out bars of old. railroad iron, and
making them the same as pig iron, and allow-
ing the other to remain at $4 a ton, .will ac-
complish the purpose.
Mr. CAKE. If the gentleman will withdraw
his amendment I will renew it. .
Mr. BECK. I withdraw it.
Mr. CAKE. I renew it. Now, Mr, Chair-
man, I desire to bring to the attention of this
committee some of the reasons why I believe
the proposition which has been suggested ought
not to prevail. The price of imported wrought
scrap iron is 97s. 6d., or $24 60, and the price
of imported pig iron is as low as 59s., or $14 24.
This great difference in value, it seems to me,
ought to satisfy the minds of gentlemen here
that there ought to be a proportionate differ-
ence in the Tate of duty.
Now, let me refer for a moment to some of
the fr.auds in reference to imported scrap iron.
The molasses and sugar frauds have been
nothing compared, -with the, frauds practiced
through the door, left,open.By .the mistaken
policy of allowing scrap iron to fee introduced
into the country at a rate sornrneh lower than
new iron of the same grades. Scrap is usually
a partly manufactured article, and superior
for its legitimate uses to pig iron, and ought
to pay a higher duty. For the most part it is
introduced in the shape of old railroad iron.
If all the rail that pays only scrap duty was
rerolled, or cut up and incorporated in other
manufactures of iron, there is still reason
enough to compel it to pay a heavier duty than
new pig. But it is not at once rerolled. Hun-
dreds of tons, and I venture to say thousands
of tons ot it are sold for use as it arrives; not,
perhaps, by the great rolling-mills of our coun-
try importing it for their own use, but by the
junk-dealers of the great cities. Half the best
rails, of thousands of tons, are selected for sale
in this way. I know the fact from having been
invited to buy some of it myself. It was offered
to me at $55 a ton, while new rail of the same
size brought from §15 to $20 more. Almost
free from evidences of having been used, there
seemed nothing to condemn it as scrap, except
that it was rusty and old-fashioned in- shape.
Had it not been twenty pounds to the yard
heavier than I wanted I should have bought it.
That one lot of about forty-five tons had been
carried from New York to Georgetown and back
to Philadelphia, where it was sold, and is prob-
ably nowin use. Apartfrom fraudsof this kind,
so easy of commission, there is a better argu-
ment in favor of making scrap pay more duty
than pig. While it takes 6 tons of pig to make 4
tons of railroad iron, less than 5 tons of good
old rail will make 4 tons of new. Apply the
rule of inflexible justice, and in view of this
fact 5 tons of scrap ought to pay as much duty
as 6 tons of pig.
But to return- to the opportunity for fraud
offered by a low duty on scrap-iron. It is in the
finer kinds of scrap that the junk-shops reap
the richest harvest. Miscellaneous scrap con-
tains bundles of hoop iron, horse shoe iron,
slit rods, _ nail rods, chunks of steel—all the
finer qualities of iron that pay the highest duty.
In all tariff schedules the difference between
the rate of duty upon the new iron of these
grades and the old or scrap iron has averaged
from $20 to $30 a ton. Of a cargo of 1,000
tons prepared for our market, with the infinite
care that rascals go about such work, 600 or
700 tons may be of this character; each piece
as good for its uses as the newest and brightest
article imported by the honest merchant. An
air of refuse matter can be given by a hundred
or more tons of old pots and pans, worn and
twisted bars, cracked frogs and plates, and all
the litter that gathers about the premises of
the dealer in old iron. It is denied that such
