1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
amount of money might just as well be thrown
away.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
ought to know what we have to do with it. A
committee of the other House is investigating it.
Mr. FOWLER. I admit that; but it is a
very idle investigation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may be;
but it is a question of paying the expenses
already incurred and being incurred by the
committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall not interpose an
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the consideration of the bill.
The bill was read three times, and passed,
STATE OF VIRGINIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 783) to admit the State of Virginia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. STEWART; Mr; President, I staled
thatl did not know Mr. Walker's previous his-
tory, but I have read what the Chicago Tri-
bune has said; I have read the testimony of
Mr. Faeusworth ; I have had read at the desk
a letter from Governor Shaffer, of Utah, re-
cently nominated. They say they know him inti-
mately, and they say he belonged to a Douglas
club and was with Douglas at the time he made
his Springfield speech in favor of the prosecu-
tion of the war, and also made a speech him-
self, and aided to raise troops. They say they
know this. This is affirmative evidence, and I
think it is a very fair record so far. I do not
think this ought to have been dragged in, and
I should not have alluded to it if it had not
been for the severe criticisms that are made
and the great importance that is attached to
this memorial.
I have already proved it to be untrue in two
particulars. First, the memorial states that the
people of Virginia have not renounced seces-
sion ; and then it undertakes to make the charge
against Governor Walker of having been a
copperhead and a member of the " Invincible
Club." We have tried the memorial in these
particulars; we have found that it did not state
the truth. We might pursue this memorial
further, and we should find equal reason to
complain of it. It denounces in very general
terms the election held under the immediate
control and direction of tlie Administration,
reported to be fair, and indorsed by the Pres-
ident after a whole summer's investigation.
They say that was fraudulent. This is under-
taking a"great deal on the part of the memorial-
ists, and I think if you should undertake to
investigate the whole question as to whether
this was a fair election you would find it was
about as fair as elections usually are. I have
never seen an election, and I do not suppose
one ever occurred in Massachusetts, where the
defeated candidates did not complain. But
while this election was being conducted we
heard none of these charges in the papers.
Everything appeared to be moving on smoothly,
and the defeated candidate for Governor, Gov-
ernor Wells, comes out and advocates most
strongly the admission of Virginia. Who is
opposed to it; what men, what party of men
are opposed to it? I think nobody who has
investigated the subject thoroughly. I think
those who are opposed to it have not given it
sufficient time, have not investigated it so that
they understand the situation. These are ques-
tions of fact, and it requires some attention to
the subject.
I recollect well when Alabama was knock-
ing at the door here that there were only two
or three voices to be heard in her behalf, and
the Senate very reluctantly agreed to receive
her, particularly those who had not examined
the question. I recollect on that occasion that
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] led off,
and that I in an humble way assisted him. We
believed then after a careful examination of
41st Cong. 2d Sess,—No, 35.
the facts that Alabama was in a better condi-
tion than the other States. If you will look at
the debates you will find that it was only car-
ried by one vote. I had almost forgotten that
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
had investigated the facts of that case, and 1
believe that he on that occasion came forward
and testified, and his testimony was heard, and
I should like to remind him of his noble efforts
on that occasion. He brought forward the
facts; he had given the subject attention ; and
he testified that he believed they were better
prepared than almost any of the other States.
These are questions of fact upon which men
will be deceived if they do not examine and
give them attention. Many Senators then
spoke against receiving Alabama. We have
made other mistakes liere by not examining
the particular question. I believe the situation
of Virginia is more hopeful, is better than
many Senators think. You are liable to be
deceived ; we all are. Perhaps I am deceived
now; perhaps the Administration is ; perhaps
General Canby is ; but I believe those who
have given the subject the most attention,
those who have had the best means of know-
ing and have an equally strong desire to do
what is right, are satisfied that under all the
circumstances the quicker we admit Virginia
the better. I believe that is the conclusion at
which they have arrived.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word'?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator speaks of
defeated candidates protesting against the ad-
mission of Virginia. I desire to ask him if
forty-five members who were elected to the
present Legislature of Virginia have not pro-
tested : and, if so, if the protest does not come
from those who were successful before the peo-
ple instead of those who were defeated candi-
dcifcss ?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator understands
that they were in the minority. It'they had
been in the majority, with the same state of
circumstances, they would not have sent such
a petition here. It always comes from the
minority ; it has come from the South in every
instance. We shall have this same question
when Mississippi comes here. There our
friends are in the majority, and what shall we
do ? We will receive her ; we will point to the
overwhelming vote for the constitution ; we
will take the recommendation of the Presi-
dent ; we will read that and we will say, "Here
is conclusive evidence." The other side will
turn around and tell us, "Virginia came with
the same evidence, the same recommendations,
and you turned her away." How consistent
shall we then be!
Is it not important that the Republican party
should keep its record consistent? Is it not
important that the Administration and Con-
gress should act in unison with regard to recon-
struction and not have one department advising
one thing and the legislative department doing
another? After having assented in the first
instance by acting on the recommendation of
the President and passing the law of April 10,
1869, what kind of a spectacle will the Repub-
lican party present: thePresident andhis Cab-
inet declaring that Virginia has complied with
the terms you have offered and Congress saying
" We will not believe them: they had no means
of knowing; we will not believe the officers of
law whose duty it was to make this investiga-
tion, but we will take a memorial of thirteen
men whom we do not know and we will believe
that; we will place the Congress and the Ad-
ministration on opposite sides upon this ques-
tion?"
Sir, I do not believe there is any Republican
who intends any such thing. I do not believe
that any Republican is going out of the Re-
publiean party on this issue. I do not believe
the alarm of the Senator from Missouri is well
founded. I do not believe there is any such
trouble going to happen. I believe that after
we have investigated this subject a little we
shall arrive at a wise conclusion. This is "not
going to be .much of a shower" after all. I
think we all understand our obligations and I
believe we shall carry them out; and I believe
Congress will do now as it always has done on
these occasions—after discussing the subject,
will arrive at a sensible conclusion, and I do
not think the reading out of the party will then
hurt the feelings of any one. I am sure I shall
not feel badly about it. I shall feel just as
friendly toward the Senator from Missouri as
I do now. It shall hot interrupt the good feel-
ing between us. I believe we shall arrive at a
proper conclusion, and I believe the Adminis-
tration and Congress will move forward, with
the strong arm of this Government, to protect
all men in their equal rights; and I do not
think an accidental remark of Governor Walker
on a little circumstance immaterial to the great
issue is going to control this case.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, at last we
have had a defense of Governor Walker on
this floor. For days this debate went on, and
no word explaining his singular position was
vouchsafed even by the Senator from Nevada.
At last we have it. We now know all that can
be said in behalf of this gentleman ; and, sir,
how little? The Senator from Nevada in the
defense that he has made recognizes the pivotal
character of Governor Walker in this issue.
He sees clearly that if Governor Walker be the
man that he has appeared to be in what has
been read on this floor it vitiates this whole pro-
ceeding ; the State of Virginia cannot be trusted
in such hands; the Congress of the United
States will become partakers in the crime if
they permit this great trust to such a man.
What was the defense made by the Senator?
You heard it, sir, did you not? Did it amount
to anything ? I wish to speak of it with respect;
I mean to be parliamentary ; I certainly would
not be uncourteous ; but permit me to say, it
amounted to nothing. It was hard, sir, to listen
to it. It was hard that a Senator on this floor
should be obliged to bring forward such a de-
fen se. It was hard that a Senator should make it.
Now, in order to consider this defense it
becomes important in the first place to make
ourselves acquainted with article^.even, enti-
tled "County organizations," which ha3 been
treated with so much levity and which this
Governor promises, if the good people will
choose hira, shall be nullified. The Senator
from Nevada read only the introductory sec-
tion ; he was unwilling to read to the end, or
he did not read to the end. Had he read to the
end the importance of this article would have
been disclosed. The first section provides for
the appointment of an attorney for the Com-
monwealth, who shall be also Commonwealth's
attorney for the circuit court, the object of
which, T take it, is to secure a prosecuting offi-
cer, to the end that justice may be administered.
There is also provision for a county treasurer,
also a provision for a superintendent of the
poor, and then a provision for a superintend-
ent of schools, all of very little significance ; a
county attorney, a superintendent of the poor,
and a superintendent of schools! Full well we
know, sir, that in the old days of slavery such
a provision was of very little consequence. I
presume it did not exist in any slave State. It
is an importation from New England. It be-
longs to the pride and the glory of that part
of the country that it has given to this Repub-
lic its system of common schools; and now by
this constitution an effort is madetoplantthat
generous, beneficent system in Virginia. _ The
article proceeds, by section three, to provide as
follows : " Each township shall be divided into
so many compactly located school districts as
may be deemed necessary." "School dis-
tricts." All that came from New England.
It began with the Pilgrims at the very begin-
ning of their history in this country, and here
is the effort to introduce it into Virginia.
How is that encountered by this Governor?
I hold in my hand no-common, ordinary report
