1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3745
so, and arrived at a different, and in my opin-
ion a more reliable conclusion.
In the light of these facts, let me inquire once
more how much the United States ought to pay
these Indians for their interest in these lands?
They have not a title in fee. They have aright
only to the use and enjoyment so long as they
choose to occupy the land. If by extinction
or by voluntary removal the lands are vacated,
the United States becomes the absolute owner
under the uniform decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States. Now, how much
ought to be paid Ihem per acre for. their in-
terest in these lands? Will any one insist that
they ought to receive the agricultural value of
the lands? I might inquire of the honorable
Senator from Maine how much the State of
Maine paid the original inhabitants, the Indians
who once inhabited that State, for those lands ?
The Indians there might once h&ve adopted
the song attributed to Alexander Selkirk, and,
standing on the summitof a mountain, looking
over to the waters of the St. Lawrence on the
north, and to the Atlantic on the south, and
to_ the fast and the west, one of their chiefs
might have said:
" I am monareh of all I survey.
My right there is none to dispute."
Where is he to-day? Did the people of
Maine pay these Indians twenty cents an acre
for that land? The honorable Senator scoffs
at the justice of the committee's proposition
to pay these Osages twenty cents an acre for
the mere usufruct, for a mere easement in these
lands. _ How much did Maine pay her Indians
for their land? Ahl how much did the other
New England States pay for the right to occupy
that beautiful land of schools, philanthropists,
scholars, and statesmen? How much did New
York pay for that vast tract of land embraced
within her limits, which gives her a just right
to be styled an empire among States; twenty
cents an acre? Not the twentieth of twenty
cents an acre. Ah I how much did the great
State of Pennsylvania pay the Indians for the
soil that her intelligent and gifted, as well as
hardy and enterprising people now own ? Under
the guidance of Penn, that prince of Indian
philanthropists, the Indians received a few
blankets, tomahawks, pipes, and tobacco, not
the twentieth part of one cent an acre, for their
ancient homes. How much was paid to the
Indians for the soil embraced in the limits of
Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Illinois—any and
all of these new States? But a few cents an
acre on the average.
But it may be said that one act of wrong
will not justify another; that if the nation has
committed flagrant wrong on thfe Indian tribes
from the beginning it is time now to right it.
Would it not be better to inquire first whether
a wrong of the magnitude supposed has been
in fact inflicted, according to that standard of
right which is the offspring of Christian civil-
ization, a civilization which we think ought
to dominate among the inhabitants of the
globe—that it would tend to make pagan
nations better and greater? Is it therefore
probable that the old thirteen States, and after
them the United States, has been persistently,
throughout our whole history, outraging the
Indians by defrauding them out of their lands?
How could this be possible in the blaze of the
pure morality taught in the New and Old Tes-
tament scriptures, which our great writers on
elementary law say must be regarded as the
basis of all public law ? Is it not probable
that the people who have raised this clamor
against their Government ate themselves in
error; that they may have ackipted false stand-
ards of right? Then, let u#try to penetrate
this clamor, and find the elementary principles
which ought to guide the nation in making up
an opinion. Let us apply them to the case
before the Senate.
The Osage Indianshavearighttothenseand
enjoyment of about eight million acres of lands
in southwestern Kansas; the United States
proposes to buy their interest, as it now owns
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 235.
the fee. How much bright the Government to
pay them for their interest? What is the true
Value of this easement? What is the standard
of the value of the mere tight to the use and
enjoyment of any real estate? Will some one
of the great lawyers Who dailv Speak in this body
inform me what it is? Is it not the value of
the rental? And when jrou pay the owner a
sum that will yield an interest equal to the
rental have you notpaid him the whole value ?
Is there any other standard of the value of a
; title to possession in perpetuity. But if you
should give him a gross sum that #ould yield
An interest equfcl to the annual product, includ-
ing necessary labor of Cultivation, you would
have exceeded its true value. Now, in applying
this standard to these Osage Iridiart lands, how
much shonldbe paid them for their possessions ?
A sum that will yield an interest equal to the
value of their crops and the game taken within
the reserve is all that could be claimed. Surely
you are not bound to pay their prospective
value in the hands of another race; what these
lands would be worth when converted into
fruitful fields, and gardens, and orchards, and
vineyards, when crowned with commerce and
manufactures, when it shall be traversed by
canals and railroads. In other words, are you
required by a pure conscience to pay the In-
dians, the remnant of the Six Nations for in-
stance, the present value of real estate in the
city and State of New York ? Is this the stand-
ard of value applied to these Osage lands by
the honorable Senator from Maine? IF sol
am not surprised to find him at variance in
opinion with the Committee on Indian Affairs
as to the amount which the Government should
gay the Osages for the lands described in this
If I have indicated the correct standard of
the value of a right of possession in perpe-
tuity, then apply it to these Osages. This bill
proposes to give them $1,600,000, to bear inter-
est at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
which will yield for their use every year
$80,000. I ihquire of any one acquainted
with the present condition of those lands and
of that tribe of people whether $80,000 a year
would bot more than purchase the entire pro-
ducts of their little fields and the fruits of the
chase within the limits of their reserve ? Why,
sir, the game long since has been driven away.
They cultivate but small patches of ground
with, rude implements "of husbandry in the
hands of the children and the squaws. When
I stated some days since that these were blanket
Indians, hunters, plains Indians, that they
were not civilized Indians, the honorable Sen-
ator seemed to think me in error.
Well, sir, I will not discuss this question of
fact; the character of these Indians is too well
knoWn to require it. Any one may know who
will take the pains to familiarize himself with
the subject that I uttered the truth. I have
been at their schools; I hate seen Some of
these Indians. You have two Senators on this
floor who know them, know many of them,
doubtless, at sight, that know their actual state
of civilization. You have a member of the
other branch of Congress who has made him-
self familiar with their condition. Tell them
that these are not blanket Indians, hunters,
uncivilized, pagan Indians, and, if they could
be supposed to be rude enough, they would
laugh you to scorn.
We were told by the honorable Senator from
Maine that the land thieves had entered the
possessions of these Indians and gone into
their villages, and occupied their fields and
houses, and literally driven them away. Mr.
President, the Osage Indians never had houses,
and would not live in them if they had. The
United States did build for the Kaws, a tribe
of the Osages, over one hundred and thirty
houses—stone houses, with glass windows and
shingle roof, and board floors, costing several
hundred dollars each; and not one of those
houses is occupied to-day by the Indians; they
stable their ponies in a lew of them, and live
as their ancestors did, in tents covered with
bark or skins.
Talk about white people driving these Osages
from houses that never owned a house—would
not live in a house over night except by com-
pulsion ! Talk about their civilization, who
deem it disgraceful to use the implements of
husbandry or of the mechanic arts, who leave
the cultivation of their small patches of land
to the squaws ahd children ! The yield of their
fields is trivial; and the major part of the
game has long since been driven from their
reserve, so that they have been compelled for
many years to go to the plains summer and
Winter for food. 8ummer ahd winter they
pull down their tents and pile up their little
goods and effects, and leave the country bare
as this floor of any improvements; and these are
the Indians whom the honorable Senator from
Maine desired the Senate to understand had
made commendable improvement in civiliza-
tion ! I am sorry that his utterances were not
justified by the facts.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
thought that this bill ought not to be passed
because it provided for the payment to these
Indians, for certain spoliations, the value of
property destroyed by white people not ex-
ceeding in the aggregate $40,000, and that the
Indians on their part should pay white people
for depredations committed on them to an
amount not exceeding $40,000 ; and I inferred
from the tone and temper of this part of his
speech that he supposed there was something
unusual in this provision.
Well, Mr. President, if the honorable Sen-
ator thinks so he is misinformed. Ip almost
every treaty made by Indians ceding lands to
the United States, from the foundation of the
Government to the present hour? you will find
similar provisions. It was so with the Osages
in the treaty of 1818, in the treaty of 1825, the
treaty of 1839, and the treaty of 1865,1 believe.
This is in harmony with the policy of the Gov-
ernment in this regard in relation to all the
Indian tribes.
But, Mr. President, lest some one might
doubt the accuracy of my information on this
subject, I might ask the attention of the Senate
to the provisions of the Indian intercourse law
enacted for the purpose of regulating the whole
subject. I will read from the sixteenth section
of the act approved June 30,1834, Statutes-at-
Large, volume four, page 731:
" That where, in tho commission, by a white per-
son of any crime, offense, or misdemeanor, within
the Indian country, the property of any friendly
Indian is taken, injured, or destroyed, and a con-'
viction is had for such crime, offense, or misde-
meanor, the person so convicted shall be sentenced
to pay to such friendly Indian to whom the property
may belong, or whose person may be injured, a sum
equal to twice the just value of the property so
taken, injured, or destroyed. And if sueh offender
shall be unable to pay a sum at least equal to the
just value or amount, whatever such payment shall
fall short of thfe same shall bo paid out the Treasury
of the United States."
Whatever the depredator shall not be able
to pay shall be paid to the Indian out of the
Treasury of the United States. The next sec-
tion in this laV provides for similar remunera-
tion on the part of the Indians where they are
able to pay for depredations committed by them
on white people, and also contains a provision
that if they are unable to pay the value of the
property taken or destroyed that the amount
shall be paid from the Treasury. That clause,
however, of the succeeding section has since
been repealed. It leaves the right of the In-
dian to remuneration for depredations com-
mitted on him and his property by white people
unrepealed and in full force.
Now, because this bill has a provision in-
tended to carry into effect what has been the
policy of the Government of the United States
from its foundation down to the present hour,
the honorable Senator from Maine is troubled
in spirit, and questioned the wisdom of the bill.
Why, sir, I was greatly surprised at the Sen-
ator's speech, and stated at the time that I w;is
unable to decide whether the honorable Sen-
