1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4689
Mr. MORGAN. Does tbe gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] yield me no more
time?
Mr. ELA. I cannot,.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I will move to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ELA. I think that the gentleman, in
the five minutes he has occupied, has made
every point against this bill that he could make
if he bad an hour.
Mr. MORGAN. Give me more time and
I will drive your case from the House.
Mr. ELA. The gentleman argues that this
is a fraudulent claim because the bill of the
House proposes to pay some $100,000 less
than the sum reported by the Senate commit-
tee to be due. The Senate report was based
upon the rule under which interest had been
allowed to other States on similar claims ; but
this bil [excludes everything of that kind except
the bare amount of interest which Massachu-
setts actually paid on these advances to the
General Government.
I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Moore.]
Mr. MOO HE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
do not know that I shall occupy even five
minutes. The principal objection I have to
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] is, that he was not sufficiently earnest
and emphatic. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOUGAM. Your constituents will be
bolh, sir.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois. Ttwasnotexpected
that any considerable amount of light without
more emphasis would have been thrown on this
subject by the gentleman.
1 will say, Mr. Speaker, when this question
was first brought before the Committee of
Claims it was regarded with Considerable sus-
picion on my part. 1 hunted up all the reports
bearing on this claim and went into an invest-
igation of the subject, hoping to find sufficient
grounds to vote against the claim in the com-
mittee. As the result of my investigation 1
was unable to find any reason whatever why
the claim should not be paid.
1 find the claim ot'Massachusetts, originating
in the war of 1812-15, amounted to something
over eight hundred thousand dollars. The claim
was submitted to Congress at different times,
and finally the Secretary of War examined
thoroughly into the whole matter. In his first
decision he awarded to the State of Massachu-
setts something over four hundred thousand
dollars. This amount in 1801 was paid to the
State of Massachusetts. Subsequently, and
under an Administration gentlemen on the
otherside would not consider corrupt, the Sec-
retary of War, Mr. Poinsett, of South Carolina,
was instructed to examine the case and admit
all testimony bearing on the question. The
result of that investigation was the finding that
the Government of the United States owed to
Massachusetts something over two hundred
thousand dollars besides, and in 1859 that
amount was paid to Massachusetts.
In reference to the claim for interest, it is
a matter of record that the interest of these
claims has been paid precisely as now demanded
for Massachusetts.
Mr. WELKER. When?
Mr. MOOBE. of Illinois. Look at the
Statutes-at-Large, volume four.
Mr. WELKER. What date?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Look at the rec-
ord and you will find the dates.
Mr. WELKER. State the case if you can.
I do not want to interrupt the gentleman, but
I do want him to give the date of the last pay-
ment of interest. How many years ago was it?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The last payment
was made to the State of Massachusetts in
1859. In 1857, Mr. Speaker, the settlement
was made with the State of Maryland with a
mode of computing interest which would make
this Massachusetts claim to-day over one mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. WELKER. I wish for information. |
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 294.
Does the gentleman from Illinois know whether
on any former occasion in the demands made
by Massachusetts, and when she obtained pay-
ment, sheever madeany demand for interest?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. It is like the other
cases, except in the case of Maryland, a much
larger rate of interest was allowed than is pro-
posed in this case.
Mr. WELKER. That is not an answer to
my question.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I decline to be
interrupted further until I get through with
my statement. Information is in possession
of the entire House that this case is not unlike
the other cases in the justness of its character.
I wish to state to the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] that he is in error in his
statement that the Government has not paid
interest on any claim since the war. Illinois
has been here and obtained interest on a part
ol her payments during the late war.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Cite me to the acts where
that was done.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. This case came
to the Committee of Claims without any con-
siderable amount of favor. We gave it our
attention, having no personal or local interest
in it. It seems to me it comes with ill grace
from a member of this House to state that this
billreported herefromthe Committeeof Claims
is a matter of fraud and theft on the Govern-
ment. It is as just a claim as the Government
has ever settled for interest.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Cite me to the act where
allowance of interest was made to the State of
Illinois.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois. I have not time;
but the gentleman can investigate it himself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not aware of any
existing law.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. There are agreat
many things you are not aware of, but which,
nevertheless, exist.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I cited a law I think I
should be able to point to it.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in
1831 $400,000 were paid to Massachusetts.
Subsequently $200,000 additional was found to
be due to her and was paid. This provides
merely not for the amount of interest allowed
in the case of Maryland, but simplythe amount
of interest paid by Massachusetts herself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. 11 is rather a misnomer, Mr.
Speaker, to say that by this bill we propose to
pay Massachusetts interest on her war debt.
What, is claimed is a refunding of the interest
fhe has actually paid, with Maine, which
formed a part of that State, to the United
States. Congress is asked to pay her back
what we put our hands into our pockets and
paid out, for the General Government a long
while ago. This is the only State of all the
States which contributed to the war of 1812
which has not received, not only its principal,
but so much interest as was actually paid out
on that principal on behalf of the United States.
1 appeal to the House, when you have paid
Maryland and New York and Pennsylvania,
and all the other States—I appeal to the House,
I appeal even to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Morgan,] why should you say to Massachu-
setts and to Maine, "You shall be made an
exception to that rule?':
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETERS. Yes; if it is put briefly. !
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman has spoken j
of the payments to other States. Is it not the |
fact that, the Executive and the Legislature ;
and the judicial authorities of Massachusetts j
declared that the troops of Massachusetts were i
not subject to theauthority oftheUnitedStates, i
and should not be commanded by the President? {
Is it not also true that the Governor of Massa-
chusetts declared that the troops of Massachu-
setts should not cross the State line ?
Mr. PETERS. I say in tbe first place that
Massachusetts stands the only State unpaid;
And I go further than that, and say that eveti
this bill does not go far enough to pay her. i
make no complaint of this; but I say to the
House and to the country, " You havenotonly
paid every other State while you have not paid
Massachusetts, but if you pass this bill to-day
you will not pay her fully." And why? On
two grounds.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to put another question?
Mr. PETERS. I cannot be further inter-
rupted, as tny time is so brief. Massachusetts
gets no principal, and she asks for no interest
for the expense of her militia, which she kept
under the control of her Governor and refused,
whether right or wrong, to put under the offi-
cers of the United States. Massachusetts has
received the principal only in so far as she
actually paid the troops put under tbe com-
mand of the President of the United States.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. PETERS. I am not mistaken. And
I desire to state to the House that the amouut
of principal paid to her was allowed under the
opposing and hostile criticisms of the Demo-
cratic party of this country, with which I had
at one time some affiliation. Yes, sir, in 1859,
under a Democratic Administration, Massa-
chusetts received the last portion of her prin-
cipal, and the Congress which allowed her,
being under the influence of Buchanan, was
the very last Congress in the world to have
allowed her one dollar for the expenses of her
troops that were not placed under the Presi-
dent of the United States. And it was passed,
sir, by one hundred and seventy-six yeas to
twenty-odd nays.
And there i3 another reason, Mr. Speaker,
why Massachusetts—-and I am speaking of
Maine, because we of Maine became the hold-
ers of this claim—is not to be put even on a
par with the other States. It is this: that the
Committee of Claims has given us so close a
construction of interest that they have abso-
lutely cut us down several hundred thousand
dollars by the mode of computation. They
have applied a less favorable rule to Maine and
Massachusetts than has been applied to other
States. We were willing to accept that rule,
because we not only wanted to get a report
from the committee, but we wanted to satisfy
the close, careful, scrutinizing mind of the
gentleman who has just preceded me, the
gentleman from Illinois, and who I know sat
down to the investigation with a prejudice
against the whole claim. The gentleman made
his points against the claim, and they were
met. This point he reserved, and the com-
mittee let him have his way ; the result being
that Massachusetts should be more closely
treated, or, if I might use the term, more
unfairly treated than any other State. Now,
sir, I am right in stating that Massachusetts
is not receiving so much as any other State,
while all other States have been paid.
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] in his remarks, and perhaps in his
question, wants to know whether when the
principal was paid there was any demand for
interest. Sir, this case stands on the same
basis as the claims of all the other States.
They got their principal first, and then came
back for their interest. Massachusetts stands
on the same basis. She has always made the
claim. It never has been settled. The reason
she did not get a settlement of her claim for
the principal until 1859 was because it was dif-
ficult to sift out the expenses paid for troops
which were put under the government of the
State from the expenses of troops put under
the President of the United States; and she
had to show affirmatively, clearly, and satis-
factorily to the one hundred and seventy-four
gentlemen in the House of Representatives who
voted to pay the claim in 1859 that she had
expended the sum-which she then received.
We are so very anxious to have this bill passed,
