1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
tilings are done. Bat, sir, it is useless to deny
it. It is easier, safer, and more profitable than
stealing outright, and it is just as easy to deny
that there are thievesin London and New York.
Mr. Chairman,_ there are establishments
which depend entirely on the wrought scrap
iron which they can import for the manufacture
of their wares. If they can succeed by this
fraud, for it is a fraud, because this valuable
scrap iron is as good for their purposes as new
iron, then they evade the payment of duties
which ought to be made under any fair con-
struction of the law. In order to evade the
payment of duty a sort of scrap iron is im-
ported from abroad from which a cheap rail-
road iron is manufactured; that is, since the
high duty a kind of railroad iron is intro-
duced here as scrap iron, which, after being
rerolled in some of the mills of the country is
sold to western railroads, and which is so con-
stantly breaking up to (he destruction of the
lives of those who travel on jthose roads; and
all this for the purpose of making a few dol-
lars by cheating the regular producers of iron.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUONG. Mr. Chairman, it is proper
the committee should understand what the
pending question is. My friend from Ohio
very often and very properly cautions the com-
mittee to confine themselves to the question
under consideration. The proposition before
the committee is not to prevent fraud, because
they have done that in the bill. There is no
proposition to strike out the words incorpor-'
atcd in the proviso. Let me read :
On scrap iron of every description SO per ton: Pro-
vided, That nothing shall bo deemed scrap iron ex-
cept waste or refuse material thai has been in actual
use and is fit only to bo remanufacturcd."
The argument of the gentleman from Ohio
and the arguments of all the other gentlemen
on tile subject of fraud amount to nothing at
all, because the bill provides against that, and
nobody objects to this provision.
Mr. Chairman, what do the gentlemen pro-
pose to do ? They propose instead of decreas-
ing the existing duty on scrap iron to increase
it to $11 20 a ton on wrought scrap iron,which
comprises substantially all iron imported as
scrap. That is the proposition upon which
we are now called to vote.
Now, sir, with regard to the fraud which the
gentleman charges upon men in my district I
deny it. I deny that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kglley] heard any one from my
district say that he or those associated with
him in business had been concerned in frauds
in the importation of new iron for scrap iron.
I deny that, he has seen any gentleman here
from my district who is engaged m the manu-
facture of cutlery. He has seen a gentleman
who is engaged in the manufacture of certain
articles of iron, and he tells mo that he never
told the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kulley] anything of the kind he has stated.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania misunder-
stood my friend from Connecticut.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to make a remark?
Mr. STRONG. I have only five minutes,
and I cannot yield to thegentleman. The idea
of taking new iron in GreatBritain and cutting
it up into scraps and bringing it over here as
scrap iron is perfectly ridiculous ; it has never
been done by any man in my district, whatever
may have been done by managers of rolling-
mills in the State of Pennsylvania.
Then the gentleman says that Connecticut is
an exceeding small State, and that it is so small
that it has no right to be heard as against Penn-
sylvania with its twenty-four votes, which the
gentleman seems to carry in his pocket, saying,
"ifyou vote against our interests we will smash
you and every interestyou have." I desire to
respect the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
a statesman or as a man having respectable
claims to statesmanship. But I say itis not the
part of a statesman to tell members of this
House, " If you do not vote for our interest we
<11 st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. "176.
will go against yours." Log-rolling legislation
is not the kind of legislation this House should
indulge in. I go for judicious protection. I
do not believe in a tariff purely for revenue.
If the interests of Pennsylvania really require
a greater protection on pig iron than the duty
of $5 a ton, which was agreed to last night, I
will vote for a higher duty. I believe, however,
that that is all she needs, and that is why I
voted as I did. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania sneers at Connecticut. That, sir, is un-
kind. My three colleagues voted with him last
night for $7. I was the only Representative
from that State who votedfor a duty of $5, and
I am not yet convinced that I did wrong.
Now, I want to say here to the gentleman
that I have occupied very little of the time of
the committee. I have been on the floor only
with reference to two matters embraced in this
bill. And when the gentleman says that the
State of Connecticut is e\crlastingly demand-
ing favors of this committee I deny it, and I
appeal to the record to show that there is no
foundation for such a statement. There arc
only two things which I have asked for my
district: the first was that the tariff on tobacco,
as a luxury, should be kept up. The gentle-
man, with his views of protection, sustained
the committee in lowering it, which was against
the interest of my district, and, as I considered,
against the interests of the people of this coun-
try. Tho only other thing that I asked of the
committee was that the duty on jute butts, the
raw material entering largely into the manu-
facture of paper and bagging, should not be
raised from §G to $10. These are the only
two things which I, as representing the first
district of Connecticut, have asked of the com-
mittee. And when thegentleman, with twenty-
four votes in his pocket., modestly says that
whenever the interests of my district are before
this body he will strike thera down, I say that
bis language is not statesman-like, nor will it
in any respect influence my course.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Irenewitsimply for tho pur-
pose of saying that I had no sneer for Connecti-
cut. The gentleman arrogates too much when
be assumes to bo Connecticut. I spoke but of
him and his district.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to call tho atten-
tion of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Strong] to a fact connected with the subject
of foreign tariffs. The gentleman spoke with
a great deal of certainty, as of a question which
he had investigated and understood perfectly
well, in saying that no country in the world
put a duty on scrap iron.
I happen to have a syllabus of the Frcnch
tariff lying before mo, and I find that on pig
iron itdiscriminatesbetwecuimports in French
vessels and imports in other vessels, laying a
higher duty on that imported m foreign ves-
sels than on that imported in her own. Then
upon scrap iron—and that is the point I wish to
call the attention of the committee to, because
it corresponds with tho amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake]—on
wrought scrap, 100 kilograms, $1 50 in French
vessels and $1 72 in other vessels; on cast
iron scrap, 100 kilograms, 78 cents in French
vessels and 80 cents in foreign vessels; filings
of iron, free in French vessels, 15£'e cents in
foreign vessels. 'That is the Frcnch tariff, not
only imposing a duty upon scrap iron, but
making a discrimination by imposing a consid-
erably heavier duty, almost twice as much,
upon wrought scrap iron as upon pig iron, and
considerably more upon wrought scrap iron
than upon cast scrap iron, and considerably
more when imported in vessels of foreign
nations than when imported in French vessels.
Tho policy of Franco, therefore, I would say
for the information of the committee and of
my good-natured friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Strong,] is identically the same as the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. I oppose the amend-
ment. I understood the. gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kblley] to speak 
Mr. CESSNA. I do not desire to interrupt
my colleague, but I must make apoiut of order.
There is so much noise in the committee that
I cannot possibly hear him. My colleague-very
rarely addresses the House, and I must insist
on his being heard.
Pennsylvania proposes
Tlie committee will be
Mr. HALDBMAN.
to make a little noise.
The CHAIRMAN.
in order.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I may do injustice to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
but I have understood that ho permitted those
who are around him to imagine that he spoke
for tho twenty-four gentleman from. Pennsyl-
vania. 1 decline being considered one of those
twenty-four gentlemen. [Laughter.]
Mr. IvELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. IIALDEMAN. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. It was a pure figment of
the imagination of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Stkong.] I never made such
a claim, and I am not prepared to plead guilty
of being n, fool, whatever else I may "be, on the
floor of this House.
Mr. IIALDEMAN. I imagine that the gen-
tleman would be in that category if ho should
undertake 1o speak for mo. [Laughter.] I
am not prepared to indorse any of the declar-
ations of the high protective-tariff men from
Pennsylvania, for tho reason that I regard their
doctrines as wrong in principle and injurious
to my State. My State, whatever gentlemen
may say, is not a Slate purely of iron or of
coal. 'J'here are farms in my State, 153,000 in
number, and there are 1,350,000 people, out
of the 2,900,000 people composing that State
in 1800, engaged m agriculture.
It is a slander upon Pennsylvania to suppose
that she is engaged entirely in providing iron
and coal for the rest of the people of this coun-
try. 1 will agree with tho gentleman from tho
Philadelphia district in tho declaration that
Pennsylvania sympathizes with this whole
country. There is not an interest, there is not
an industry which has not its counterpart in
Pennsylvania. She is tho keystone of this
Union much more than in name. She has
stood between tho warring elements of this
country because her great heart sympathized
with all, and she sympathized with all because
she was great in agriculture as well as in man-
ufactures, because nearly half of her people
were engaged in agriculture; and 1 will not
acknowledge that Pennsylvania is tied down to
iron, or tied down to coal, or tied down to any
one interest; but Pennsylvania is the great
heart, of this land.
I am myself a representative of the iron in-
terest. My cousins are in tho iron business ;
my brothers are engaged in it; my father mad a
iron before any of us were born ; I am myself
tho possessor of an iron ore mine. But Penn-
sylvania must not grow rich upon the earnings
of the rest of this country. 1 will not go with
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BtvjK]for
protocting his hemp. I will not go wilh the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] for his
new post office. [Laughter. J I will not go for
any one interest in this land, for Pennsylvania
sympathizes with tho whole country. To be
true to her position, to be true to herself, she
must stand as the mediator between the differ-
ent sections of this country. I have voted for a
reduction of the tariff. 1 shall vote for a re-
duction of the tariff on every single thing, in
tho belief that the only way to secure honesty
and good behavior in the executive branches
of this Government [laughter] is to keep down
tho supplies.
I do not believe in the honesty of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[laughter,] when ho cuts down the appropri-
tions ten to fifteen millions of dollars, and
fights League Island and then backs down.
