1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5633
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Maine allow a vote to be taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio first ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; I desire
to amend it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If further
amendments are to be offered, the Senator
from Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I now wish to offer my
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio. I move to amend by adding, after
the words "north Pacific," what I send to the
Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order, be-
cause my amendmentdoes notrelateto the part
of the section near the words embraced in the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Oregon that
he can oiler his amendment after the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is voted upon.
Mr. CORliETT. I withdrew my amendment
once to allow a vote to be taken upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio; but I find that
other amendments are being offered to it. I
think my amendment is perfectly in harmony
with the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
I call for the reading of my amendment, in con-
nection with the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert afterthe words " North Pacific,"
in the tenth line of the third section, the fol-
lowing words:
And that they shall not thereafter be transferred
to foreign owners, or sail under a foreign flag, under
penalty of forfeiture of said vessels to the United
States Government: Provided further. That such
ships shall not have been built to exceed three years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask that the sec-
lion be read with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon in it, and he will see how
absurd the whole thing is if his amendment is
inserted there.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes; let the scction be
read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the section will read :
That for and during four months from the date
of the passage of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be authorized and empowered to issue
American registers to iron-built steamships of not
loss than two thousand tons burden, purchased by
citizens of the United States, and to be used m the
transatlantic mail service of the United States, with
the following condition contained in each register:
that such ships shall not be used 01- employed in the
coasting trade of the United States, norin thenorth
Pacific, and that they shall not thereafter be trans-
ferred to foreign owners, or sail under a foreign flag,
under penalty of forfeiture of said vessels to the Uni-
ted States Government: Provided further, that such
ships shall not bavebeen built to exceed three years,
and that any such steamships may be token by the
United States for naval service upon payment to the
owners thereof of the full value of such steamship.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator now
sees that his amendment is inserted between
two conditions which are required by my
amendment to be put in the register.
Mr. CORBETT. By inserting the words
" and provided further" at the commence-
ment ot the latter part of the Senator's amend-
ment it will be in perfect harmony.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is at a loss to determine ; but it seems to Jiim
that the amendment to the amendment is a
little out of place.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will suggest the ref-
erence of the section to the Committee on
Reconstruction, in order that it may be recon-
structed. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will first be taken on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. Now I ask for a vote on
my amendment.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 853.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be put at the end,
of the section. *i
Mr. CORBETT. Well, I have no objec-
tion to putting it at the end of the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
I am opposed to the amendment itself; but
if it is to be inserted it ought to come in at the
end of the section, after what has already been
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to add at the end of
the third section the following proviso :
Provided, That such ships shall not thereafter be
transferred to foreign owners, or sail under a foreign
flag, under penalty of forfeiture of said vessels to
the United States Government: And provided fur-
ther, That such ships shall not have been built to
exceed three years.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, the Senator from
Ohio will see that that amendment comes in
properly after the proviso providing that the
Government may purchase these vessels. It
ought not to come in at the end of the section, but
it ought to be inserted after the words " North
Pacific," as I suggested in the first instance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Oregon will select his own place at which
to insert his amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose that it be in-
serted after the words "North Pacific;" and
then I propose that the latter portion of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio be changed
by preceding the words "and provided further."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to say one word in
explanation of that amendment. It is folly to
allow these lines of vessels simply to be trans-
ferred to American owners for the purpose of
obtaining the protection of the flag of the
United States for a year or two, until the Eu-
ropean war shall have ceased, and then to
allow those vessels to be transferred back again
to the foreign Governments. If these vessels
are coming into our waters to take the place
of vessels that would otherwise be built in this
country, I want them to come here and remain
here permanently. Otherwise, I am opposed to
these vessels coming here and being received
into our marine.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend from Ore-
gon tell me how the forfeiture is to be enforced
after the vessel has gone back into the hands
of foreign owners?
Mr. CORBETT. Well, sir, the vessels
will be liable to forfeiture if they ever come
into American waters again. That is the check
we have upon them. If they keep out of Ameri-
can waters they may avoid the forfeiture. If
you cannot get at them, of course you cannot
enforce it against them; but if they come into
American ports you can enforce it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only under the war
power. [Laughter.] We can declare war
against any nation.
Mr. CORBETT. It is provided that this
shall be inserted in the registers issued to these
vessels. If there is any power to prevent these
vessels from being transferred back again to
foreign Governments I want to have it so
inserted, and have it understood that when
they come in under this law, and are allowed
to register, it shall be stated in the register
that if they are transferred to foreign owners
and sail under a foreign flag they shall be
subject to the forfeiture.
The other provision in the amendment, that
these vessels shall not have been built longer
than three years, is very important. Unless
we wish to have all the old vessels that are now
laid up in Europe purchased by our people and
brought into our waters to run in competition
with our own vessels that we now have laid up
at our own wharves, it seems to me this pro-
vision ought to be adopted. If we are going
to have foreign vessels, let us have the best
vessels, new vessels, those containing the latest
improvements, and that can compete with for-
eign lines.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the whole section as it will stand if amended
as I now propose.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the section will read:
That for and during four months from the date of
the passage of this act, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be authorized and empowered to issue
American registers to iron-built steamships of not
less than two thousand tons burden purchased by
citizens of the United States, and to be used in the
transatlantic mail service of the United States, with
the following condition contained in each register:
that such ships shall not be used nor en .ployed in the
coasting trade of the United States, nor in thenojth
Pacific, and they shall not thereafter be transferred
to foreign owners, or sail under a foreign flag, under
penalty of forfeiture of said vessels to the United
States Government: Provided further. That such
ships shall nothavebeen built to exceed thieeyears:
And provided further, That any steamship may be
taken by the United States for naval service upon
payment to the owners thereof of the tull value of
such steamship.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes '24.
Mr. CORBETT and Mr. McDONALD called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howell,
McDonald, Nye, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Spencer,
Sprague, Thayer, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Casserly, Cattell,
Chandler, Conklins, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Howard,
Howe, Johnston, McCreery, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Warner, Willey, and Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry,
Flanagan. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels,
Saulsbury, Stockton, Tipton, and Vickers—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Senator
who has charge of this bill if he has accepted
the change of the word " burden " to "United
States register" on the fifth line of the third
section?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection, if
the Senator desires it.
Mr. BAYARD. I move, then, to change the
word "burden" to " United States register;"
so as to read "two thousand tons United
States register."
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that change.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
by inserting after the words " United States"
words " upon the paymentof the duty of fifteen
per cent, on the cost of the same."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will be voted
down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish to
argue it. I think the amendment is eminently
proper. Here is a proposition that while every-
thing at home is taxed, while everything that
goes into ships is taxed, it is to import ships
without a cent of tax 
Mr. CHANDLER. In the first section a
drawback is allowed on all ship-building mate-
~'aMr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am going on
the assumption that that will not carry. If it
does I will consent that this amendment shall
come out, if it is now put in.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 25, noes 20.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it the Senator from
Michigan will now abandon the bill; it is no
longer of any use. 1 want the yeas and nays
on the last amendment. _
Mr. CORBETT. Fifteen per cent, ts the
whole duty proposed on vessels. ^
Mr. CHANDLER. It destroys the bill oi
course. I will call for the yeas and nays. If
the Senate desire to destroy the bill they will
vote for the amendment, and if they desire to
pass the bill they will vote against it. I ask
for the veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
