3746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
ator was serious, or perpetrating a joke on the
Senate and the country; it was difficult for
me to believe him in earnest. Whether I was
right in expressing this doubt I will leave the
Senate to judge, after stating that he himself,
when acting as the organ of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, advised the Senate to ratify
various treaties containing precisely similar
provisions. I refer to the treaties with the
Delawares, the Senecas, the Ottawas, the
Peorias, the Wyandotts, and various other
tribes of Indians living in the State of Kansas,
and with whom Congress had directed the
President to negotiate treaties for the purpose
of removing them from that State to the Ter-
ritories. When he was responsible for the
official action of the Committee on Indian
Affairs he recommended the Senate to do pre-
cisely what he condemns the Committee on
Indian Affairs to-day for proposing in this bill.
The honorable Senator, however, was trou-
bled apparently more by the phraseology of
another clause of the bill, found on the fifth
page,, in these words:
The interest on 5300,000 shall be paid in cash for
national purposes.
" What on earth can that mean," exclaimed
the honorable Senator from Maine, " for na-
tional purposes ?'' What is covered up in this
strange phraseology? I inquired at the time
whether the Senator was in earnest, whether
he was not joking. How could I have arrived
at a different conclusion ? If the Senator fol-
lowed with his eye, in the very next line he
would have found these words:
Five thousand two hundred dollars thereof shall be
paid as compensation to the chiefs and councilors of
the nation: $5,000 shall be expended for the encour-
agement of africulture, to be paid pro rata to each
head of a family in proportion to the number of acres
cultivated and improvements made thereon by indi-
vidual members of the tribe; the object being to
encourage real industry among them; and the re-
maining $4,800 shall be expended under the direction
of the council and agent for the tribe in the payment
of such other expenses as may be necessary for the
benefit and support of their national government.
The interest on $300,000 is to be applied to
national purposes. That sum, atfive per cent.,
would yield $15,000 per annum. Fifty-two
hundred dollars shall be paid for a purpose
named; $5,000 for another purpose named,
whichl have recited; and the remaining $4,800,
completing the $15,000, shall be applied to a
third purpose; and yet the honorable Senator
from Maine sought to convince the Senate that
there was something peculiarly strange, ob-
scure, and objectionable in that phraseology,
and he actually convinced the clear-headed
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] that it
was hardly susceptible of explanation; and I
have observed that the reporter of the Globe
has caused to be printed in brackets the word
" laughter" in this part of the honorable Sen-
ator's speech. I should like to know where
the laugh comes in. The phraseology may not
be very apt; it may not be the precise language
that would be used by a great lawyer in fram-
ing a bill; but in my humble judgment it is
sufficiently clear to be easily understood by
either of those great lawyers to whom I have
last referred. The interest of $300,000 shall
be paid for national purposes; $5,200 thereof
for one purpose; $5,000 more for another pur-
pose, which is named; and the remaining
$4,800, making the $15,000 complete, shall be
paid for the third purpose.
Butthe honorable Senator was more troubled
and aggrieved, if possible, on account of an-
other defect which he thought he discovered
in the ■bill. He said at first that there was no
provision in the bill providing a future home
for these Indians; but when the exact clause
in the bill was pointed out and read in his
hearing, or cited in his presence, he admitted
that there was an attempt at a provision; but,
said he, what evidence has the Senate that the
President will be able to carry into effect that
Erovision of the bill; how does the Senate
now that the President will be able to find
lands on which to locate these Indians? Why,
sir, if he had permitted me at the time—and
the Senate will remember that I expressed a
desire to answer him on the spot—if he had
allowed me to do so at the time I could have
furnished him the requisite information. It
is well known to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ought to have been well known to
every member of this body, that by treaties
negotiated with the Cherokees, Choctaws,
Chickasaws. Seminoles, and Creeks in 1866
the United States did acquire the right to set-
tle other Indians on a very large district of
land in that territory. They acquired the right
to settle Indians on all the lands previously
belonging to the Cherokees west of the ninety-
sixth meridian, amounting to many millions
of acres; on half the lands previously owned
by the Creeks, amounting to something like
three or four million acres ; on all of the old
reservation of the Seminoles, nearly as large
as the latter; and on the leased lands which
were procured from the Choctaws and the
Chickasaws, amounting in the aggregate to
over ten million acres of as good l$nd as can
be found in the Republic.
The honorable Senator doubtless was candid
when he stated that he did not know that the
President could carry into effect this provision
of the bill. It was not unknown to the Com- i
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ought not to
have been unknown to any member of this
body, for this branch of Congress advised the
President to proclaim these treaties.
This brings me to a consideration of the
Senator's closing remarks, in which his speech :
culminated in a counter-proposition. Well,
sir, what does he propose as a substitute for the
committee's bill? After elaborating a speech
as long'as it was interesting and able, the tone
and temper of which was understood to be !
a denunciation of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, what remedy for the discovered evils
does the honorable Senator propose; what cure >
for the defects in the committee's bill? I will
read it:
Retolved, That tho bill under consideration be
recommitted, with instructions to report a bill for
the removal of the Osage Indians to the Indian ter-
ritory, with their consent, and for the sale of their
reservation upon the most advantageous terms for
cash, as other public lands, for the use and benefit
of said Osages.
Recommit the bill to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, with instructions to bring in a new
bill providing for the removal of the Osage
Indians with their consent! That is precisely
what the pending bill proposes, to remove them
from the State of Kansas with their consent;
and if there is anything doubtful in the phrase-
ology of the bill taken in connection with the
history I have recited, then amend the bill in
that particular, so as to make it clear, by insert-
ing in the proper place the words "with the
consent of the Great and Little Osage nation
of Indians," and you have all that the honor-
able Senator demands on that head. No neces-
sity for a recommittal on that account, a dash
of the pen being all that is demanded. The
committee propose to remove the Indians, with
their consent, to the Indian territory; the
honorable Senator proposes the same thing.
Now for the second: "and that these lands
shall be sold for cash, as other public lands are
sold." In what does that differ from the
proposition in the bill? The bill provides
that these lands shall be surveyed and sold for
cash only to actual settlers for $1 25 per acre.
He would propose to sell for cash as other
public lands are sold. This would admit
preemptors to purchase at $1 25 per acre.
But it would permit the sale of unoccupied
lands to the highest bidder at public outcry.
But, Mr. President, this mode of sale has long
since become'impracticable, when applied to
lands subject to preemption.
What the Committee on Indian Affairs de-
sired was to pay the Indians a just price for
these lands, and then after indemnifying the
Treasury of the United States to subject them
to location and entiy in the ordinary mode.
The people of the western States and Terri-
tories have never claimed that the Government
ought to give settlers the public land and at
the same time defray the expense of the extin-
guishment of the Indian title, the survey, and
sale from the Treasury. They have held that
they ought to have the right to take up home-
steads at the actual cost to the Government,.
This is all we have ever claimed for the people
werepresent. The Indian Committee, conforra-
ingto this idea embodied in the homestead laws,
by this bill require the settlers on these lands
to pay out of their own pockets $2,000,000,
adding the expense of survey and sale, and
when the Treasury shall have been indemni-
fied for all these expenses the residue shall be
thrown open.
It may be well doubted, as the honorable
Senator from Kansas now occupying the chair
[Mr. Pomeuoy] did doubt, whether the Gov-
ernment ought to pay $1,600,000, as proposed
in the bill, for this tract of land. He thought
that $1,000,000 was all that these Indians
could in justice claim for the extinguishment
of their interest in them. The Committee on
Indian Affairs differed with him ; they put the
value at $2,000,000. The honorable Senator
from Maine thinks it ought to be $40,000,000.
Well, Mr. President, if that should prove to be
the judgment of the Senate, so be it; strikeout
"$2,000,000" and insert "$40,000,000." The
Committee on Indian Affairs are willing to be
overruled ; they are willing you shall increase
the price to be paid the Indians if in the judg-
ment of the Senate and the other branch of
Congress a larger sum ought to be paid.
This is merely their opinion of the value of
the Osage interest in this tract, guided by the
lights they were able to bring to bear on the
subject. They thought that $2,000,000 were
all that the Government ought to pay these
Indians for these lands, and that this would
be enough to locate them comfortably in the
Indian territory where they desire to go. But,
as I before observed, if the Senate desire to
change this amount let them strike out "2"
and insert any other figure
But the honorable Senator from Maine in-
formed the Senate that with his consent these
settlers on these lands should not be permitted
to purchase without competition with others
one acre of the land the possession of which
they had acquired by wrong. He thought they
were not settlers. Settlers, said he; there is
not a settler on these lands; they are rob-
bers; they are trespassers; there can be no
settlers until the lands are formally opened
under the law for settlement and occupation 1
How strangely that must have sounded to hon-
orable Senators representing the new States
here I How strangely it must have read when
it met the eye of the Delegates from the Ter-
ritories! How will it be understood by the
inhabitants of Oregon and California ? The
Indian title to the land there has never been
extinguished by treaty. Are there no settlers
in either of those States ? Are those people all
land thieves, marauders, who deserve no con-
sideration by the Senate of the United States?
You have no treaties with those Indians. Not
an acre of their land has been purchased of
them by the Government of the United States.
How is it in New Mexico, where .there are said
to be over one hundred thousand white people
residing today? Not one acre of land in that
Territory has ever been purchased of the
Indians by the United States; nor an acre in
Arizona; nor I believe in Utah; and I believe
until very recently not an acre in Colorado,
Montana, or Dakota.
Are there no settlers in these great and grow-
ing States and Territories? Are they, too, all
land-thieves, who deserve no consideration ?
And yet you have given them consideration.
You have organized for them civil_ govern-
ments ; you have sent to them, in their territo-
rial condition, Governors and judges; you have
established courts of justice, and organized, or
directed them to organize, legislative assem-
