1858
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
gia be made the special order for to-morrow
at (me o'clock. It requires a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to.
pay of southern senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with the amendment to the twenty-fourth rule
adopted yesterday, the Chair now lays before
the Senate resolutions and concurrent resolu-
tions introduced on prior days of this Congress
in their regular order, as provided in the rule,
for the Calendar of general orders, the first
being the resolution of the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] to pay the Senators from
North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Ala-
bama, and Arkansas compensation from the
commencement of the second session of the.
Fortieth Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator wishes to
address the Senate I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. MORTON. I do not want to debate
the resolution. It has been discussed very
fully before the Senate on several occasions,
and I think it might as well be disposed of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thought it had been
disposed of a long time ago.
Mr. MORTON. Why not vote on it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I withdraw
my motion, and move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have the resolu-
tion read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported, and the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.]
The Chief Clerk. The resolution is as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay to the Senators from the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed bylaw,
to be computed from the commencement of the sec-
ond session of the Fortieth Congress.
The amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] is to strike out the words
" the commencement of the second session of
the Fortieth Congress" and insert " June 25,
1868."
Mr. FERRY. I am willing that the whole
resolution should be indefinitely postponed.
I do not want to take time on that amend-
ment. Since this matter was before the Sen-
ate before upon the cases of the new Senators
from Virginia the same report has been made
by the Judiciary Committee, and the pay of
those Senators has been accorded as hereto-
fore decided by the Senate in the case of Sen-
ators from the other States and in accordance
with the amendment I offered to this resolu-
tion. The Senate having settled the whole
matter over and over again it seems to me the
better way would be to postpone the whole
subject-matter.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Vermont, in view of certain considerations, to
withdraw the present motion, and let the res-
olution be laid on the table for the present by
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
its being laid on the table. That was my first
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the rule it can be put at the foot
of the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I move the ordi-
nary motion to lay it on the table, which takes
it off the Calendar, afid then it can be taken
up afterward if the Senate cboose.
Mr. MORTON. I can then call it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
joint jndian committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution is a resolution offered on the 5th of
March, 1869, by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to consider all propositions relating to
the Indian tribes.
The Secretary read the resolution as fol-
lows:
Retolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint standing committee,
to consist of three members of the Senate and five
members of the House of Representatives, be ap-
pointed to consider all propositions relating to the
Indian tribes.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the reso-
lution by substituting the matter contained in
the House concurrent resolution which was
before the Senate a few mornings since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That resolution
will come up in its regular order, and has been
already agreed to by the other House.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer the action of the
Senate on it at an early day. There are so
many other resolutions intervening that I am
afraid it will not be reached this morning. I
move to amend this resolution by striking out
all after the word "that" and inserting the
House resolution as we amended it a few days
since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are both
concurrent resolutions; but the motion is in
order. The Senator from Iowa moves to amend
this resolution by striking out all after the
word "that" and inserting the House resolu-
tion as amended by the Senate the other day.
Shall it be read ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I presume the Senate
understand that it raises the question whether
it is wise to consolidate committees on matters
which ordinarily would be considered by inde-
fendent committees of the two Houses, which
expressed my opinion upon the other day.
I of course do not want to repeat what I said
then; but I should be very sorry indeed to see
such a practice adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont, I am sure, does not intend to mislead by
the phraseology he used. The concurrent res-
olution of the House of Representatives does
not propose to consolidate the two Committees
on Indian Affairs of the different Houses. It
proposes to appoint a special committee,which,
of course, will terminate at the end of this ses-
sion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to mis-
lead, nor did I mislead, for I did not say or
undertake to say that this resolution abolished
or consolidated the two Indian committees. I
said that it undertook to put into the hands of
a joint committee business that ordinarily, by
the practice of the two Houses, was consid-
ered, and ought to be considered, by inde-
pendent bodies that represented their own
House, and no other. If, as I said on the other
occasion, there is any value in having two
Houses and having independent committees, I
do not see any good ground tor an exception
in this instance.
Mr. STEWART. As is well known, I am
of the opinion and.always have been that there
ought to be radical changes in our Indian policy.
If it is the purpose of raising this joint com-
mittee to consult upon a general change of the
system, I think it is something of such gravity
that a joint committee would be very proper.
I believe the most important matter now before
Congress is as to what treatment shall b-e ex-
tended hereafter toward the Indians. I for one
believe that humanity, justice, and every other
consideration require of the United States to
recognize, as soon as possible, the Indians as
men, and to abolish the policy of attempting
to treat them as independent nations or tribes,
and abolish the policy of feeding them without
labor, for it has been a failure. We have tried
it from the foundation of the Government until
the present time. The system of feeding In-
dians without requiring any systematic labor
from them has demoralized them.* You pro-
duce no civilized Indians comparatively. The
Indians have disappeared. You have got no
civilization among them. You have got no J
good results; but you have drained the Treas-
ury from the beginning.
I do pot believe in the policy of moving the
Indians forward ; of giving them reservations
and buying them off and incurring all the ex-
pense and paraphernalia of moving them for-
ward. If they are to be civilized they must
be left in civilized communities. If you are to
feed them you want them near the railroads
and near the base of supplies, where they can
be fed cheaply. The policy of sending provis-
ions to Indians where it costs twenty, or fifty,
or seventy-five cents a pound for transporting
food to Indians in idleness is a policy which is
prejudicial to them and to the country.
It seems to me the Indians should be col-
lected as soon as possible upon reservations,
not large reservations, not reservations with a
view to their having hunting grounds, because
thatis impossible now, butreservations on which
they may be taught to labor; and so soon as they
are capable of appreciating individual property
they should be allowed to own land ; but they
should have no more land than they can culti-
vate. The idea of a wild Indian who cultivates
no land having three or four or five thousand
acres of good land and bounties from the Gov-
ernment, while the white man has no place upon
which to support his family, is doing the Indian
no good and the white man no good. I hope that
if there is to be a change of policy on this sub-
ject that point will be considered by the two
Houses, for it is a matter of great importance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, there are some committees that I think
it would be very well to join together; but this
is a case where I do not think the public inter-
ests would bo promoted by a junction of the
committees. There are two policies to pur-
sue, and, so far as I understand it, I prefer the
policy pursued by the Senate to that of the
House of Representatives. If we have this
committee joined to that of the House inevit-
ably the Senate is to be swallowed up and an-
nihilated. There are to be six members on
the part of the House and three on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. As amended, it is five and
five.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No matter
how it is changed, if the change is made the
policy of the Senate will be ignored. So far
! as I understand the question, I prefer most
emphatically the policy of the Senate to that
of the House, believing it be a more humane
policy, and a policy that will better protect
the Indians as to their rights, as to their lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I-do not intend to say a
word in relation to Indian policy. I desire,
however, to attract the attention of the Senate
to the precise point at which the difference of
opinion as to the proper policy to be pursued
in relation to Indians has grownup in the two
Houses. Leading members of the House of
Representatives believe that a free conference
between committees of the two bodies would
result in reconciliation and harmony. It is
worth the experiment at least. The sugges-
tion made by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont of course is worthy of consideration, but
I have enough confidence in the judgment of
the Senate and in the ability of its members
to believe that their views maybe properly rep-
resented on a joint committee. I have no fear
that the facts and the arguments and the talent
of the members of such a committee appointed
on the part of the House, will outweigh those
of the members to be appointed on the part of
the Senate, unless the House is in fact right;
and if the House is right then the Senate ought
to yield. This resolution merely proposes a
mode of conference between the two Houses
on a subject where there is an evident difference
of opinion existing between the two branches
of Congress. I think it worth the experiment
at least to appoint a joint committee and see
if harmony cannot thus be produced.
Mr. THURMAN. Will not the Senator from
