4690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
and passed now, that we take the construction
given by the Committee of Claims, and we take
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Orern.] We have no objection
to it.
I know attempts have been made before to
carry other claims on the back of this honest
claim. -We know that it must some time be paid.
1 know it is only a question of time whether it
shall be paid now or hereafter. But all claims
which are not of such certain value we brash
aside and throw away in order that this may
be a final settlement. We want it—and I speak
for my particular section—for a railroad in the
State of Maine to which the claim has been
assigned, because we want to finish a railroad,
to do which we have no means and which we
have no possible opportunity to construct with-
out it; it is the only connecting link wanting
between the Atlantic and the Pacific.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Before the gen-
tleman resumes his seat, I would like to ask
him a question.
Mr. PETERS. I will answer it if the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] will
allow me time.
Mr. ELA. I will yield a moment longer.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I understand
this to be a claim for interest amounting to
nearly $700,000. The gentleman who. pre-
ceded the gentleman who is now on the floor
stated that the original debt was $1,800,000,
§400,000 of which was paid in 1831, and
$250,000 in 1859. Now, I desire to ask upon
what principal the interest was calculated ?
Was it on an original debt which was repudi-
ated and ignored ?
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no ; it was calculated
on the principal actually paid by the Govern-
ment and on the most restricted rule applied
in any case.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. How, then, does
the interest amount to as much as the principal ?
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman has ever
owed money he is aware that interest runs up
very rapidly.
Mr. ELA. I now yield the remainder of
my time excepting ten minutes to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to argue
the question, and I shall not avail myself of all
the courtesy extended to me by the gentleman
from New Hampshire ; but I will occupy a
minute or two to state, first, that I intend to vote
for this proposition, and in the next place why.
I am not troubled by some two or three objec-
tions which seem to press on the minds of other
gentlemen, and particulary on the judgment of
my colleague [Mr. Morgan] who has spoken
so earnestly against this allowance.
In the first place, this claim is made as a
claim for reimbursing the advances made by
the State of Massachusetts (which has since by
a division become the two States of Massachu-
setts and Maine) during the war of 1812-15.
We have settled all the other claims of that
kind, and we have settled them upon certain
principles, allowing interest.
This is the last claim of the kind. It is an
old acquaintance of mine. I have known it
to be the subject of investigation before Con-
gress for a number of years. I am exceed-
ingly anxious to get rid of this, as the last of
that series of demands made upon the Gen-
eral Government; and I think it but fair and
right that we should settle with the States of
Massachusetts and Maine, now holding the
last of these claims, upon precisely the same
principle of calculation and allowance which
has been recognized in connection with the
other States.
Bat my colleague [Mr. Mokgast] objects to
the payment of interest, which has become a
formidable item in the account, because the
claim has been long running. It however
hardly lies in the month of a debtor to object
to paying interest because of his own delay for
a long while in the payment of the principal
and of whatever interest might have accrued
ujd to the time of payment. Putting that out
of view, however, I am not to be deterred from
the allowance of interest by the objection made
by my colleague, [Mr. Morgan,] that the Uni-
ted States has abandoned the rule of comput-
ing interest upon claims against the General
Government. My colleague should remember
that that is a comparatively recent rule ; that
this is an old claim, belonging to a particular
class of claims, all of which have been settled,
including interest, in the settlement of the
accounts.
Now, if Massachusetts shall succeed in estab-
lishing whatever further claim she has, as
Pennsylvania and my own State and other
States have done, for advances made fer the
defense of the people and the territory of the
several States during the late rebellion, she
probably will not be allowed any interest.
But nobody sets up any demand for interest
upon any of these modern and late claims. I
maintain that there is nothing in the argument
against the allowance of interest when we take
into account that that allowance of interest
has been made in all the other like cases.
When we come to settle this case we should
remember to what class it belongs, when it
accrued, what is its character, and whether
allowance of interest has been made to other
States, as we know it has been upon advances
made on account of the Government.
Another objection is made, that this claim,
at least so far as the State of Massachusetts
is concerned, has been given conditionally to
some railway company, and that if we legislate
now to pay the claim it will go into the treas-
ury of Maine, and pass out of it at once for
the benefit of that railway company. Well, sir,
is it a matter of any consequence to us what
Maine does with her money? Does that affect
the question of right at all? Are we to con-
cern ourselves about the appropriations which
Mains-may make for public improvements, or
for any other purpose, of the money she has
now in her treasury, or to which she has any
claim and expects to have in her treasury?
That objection strikes me as having no force at
all in it, or rather as furnishing a reason in ex-
pediency and equity why we of the other States
should vote to pay the claim. I do not go for
it upon that ground of expediency, but upon
the ground of right and justice and common
honesty.
Still, we might remember that Maine could
give her money for schools, for public build-
ings, or for other matters within her own
limits. It is for our benefit, outside of Maine,
that she chooses to take the money to which
she has claim, and which we vote to her, and
expend it in such a way that it will inure not
only to her benefit and the benefit of her peo-
ple, but for the benefit of the people of the
country at large; that we shall ourselves indi-
rectly obtain some benefit from the manner in
which Maine chooses to expend the money
which belongs to her.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. ELA. I now call the previous question
on the bill, announcing that if it shall be sec-
onded I will yield the time I may have to mem-
bers who desire to discuss the measure.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I desire to know whether
the substitute proposed by me is pending?
Mr. ELA. Of course I cannot consent that
the gentleman's amendment shall be pending,
because it is entirely unjust.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] allow the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Orth] to be considered as pending?
Mr. ELA. I do. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—-aves 82, noes CO.
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. MORGAN called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Morgan and j
Mr. Ela were appointed. «
The House divided ; and the tellers report- i
ed'—ayes eighty-three, noes not counted.. \
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and :
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided *
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 48, not voting :
11; as follows: ' ■
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry. Bennett, Bing-
ham. Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck. Buck-
ley, BufBnton. Burdett, Benjamin K, Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn. Conger. Co-
vode. Davis. Dawes, Degencr, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
ery Dver. Ela. Parnsworth, JJerriss, Ferry, 1 ishcr,
Pitch,(Jarfleld,Hale,Hamilton, Hays, Heflm, Hoar,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes.Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey,
Knapp, Lailin, Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCrary,
MeKenzie, Jesse H. Moore,William Moore, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Myers,
Negley, Newsham,O'Neill, Packard,Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Peek, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy.
Prosser, Rand all, Sanford. Sargent, Sawy er.Sehenck,
Scliumaker. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, "William Smyth. Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stokes. Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,Van Wyck, W'aUacc,Wil-
liam B.Washburn,Wheeler,'Wilkinson, and Eugene
JI. Wilson-Ill.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin,Biggs. Bird, Burr, Cleveland, Cook,
Crebs. Dickinson, Eldridge. Finkelnburg,l?ox, Getz,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Lawrence. Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, Me-
Grew, McKce, Morgan, Niblack, Orth, Perce,
Keeves, StUes.Taylor.TUlman.Trimble.Yan Auken,
Van Trump, Ward, Welker, Whitmore, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—-i8.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Barnum, Benton, Blair,Boles, Bowen. James Brooks,
Burohard, Roderick It. Butler,Cake,Conner.Cowles,
Cox, Culloni, Donley, Dox, Duval, Gibson, Gilfiltan,
Griswold, Haight, llaldeman, Hambleton, Harris,
llawley, Heaton, Hill, Ho^e, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Kerr. Ketcham,
Knott, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy, McCormick,
McNoely, Mercur, Milnes, Eiiakim H. Moore, Mor-
phis, Mungen, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Rice, Ridgway,
ltogers, Roots, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington 0.
Smith, Stevenson, Stone. Sweeney, Townsend.Voor-
hees, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Wells, Willard.
Winans, and Witchei—71.
So the main question was ordered, which
"was first upon the amendment of Mr. Orth.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the bill and
pending amendment be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being-
ayes 39, noes 80.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
theamendmentof the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Orth,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the sec-
ond section and insert the following :
That the acceptance by the said States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine, and the said European and North
American Railway Company, of the amount hereby
authorized to be paid to each of said States for the use
and benefit of said railway company shall be held and
regarded as a full adjustment and payment of any
and all clakns for interest as aforesaid, and also a
complete adjustment, liquidation, and payment of
any and all other claims of the saidStates of M&ssa-
causetts and Maine, and of said railwav company
or either of them, against the United States for and
on account of any matters arising from any money
expended by said State of Massachusetts on account
of the war with Great Britain in 1812-15. or any in-
terest thereon, or on account of any matter arising
out of or accruing from the treaty with Great Brit-
ain known as the treaty of Washington, or for or on
account of any othermatter which has been assigned
by said States of Massachusetts and Maine to said
railway company.
1 he question first recurred on Mr. Orth's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended,^ was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. M011GAN. 1 shall demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman from
hew Hampshire^told me that when the main
question was ordered he would yield to me for
ten minutes, lhe main qtiestiou has been
ordered 7 and I now ask him to ful&llhis promise*
I do not propose to take ten minutes. I shall
perhaps occupy but Hve,
