1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
Iowa state what the difference of opinion is?
I for one never heard of it before. What is
this difference of opinion between the House
and the Senate ?
Mr. HARLAN. I may say briefly that it
grows out of the objection on the part of mem-
bers of the House to the negotiation of treaties
and the appropriation of money by Congress
for the conduct of Indian affairs, in relation
to which the judgment of the House has never
been had. When treaties are negotiated by
the President they are submitted alone to the
Senate for approval or disapproval. Those
treaties frequently require the appropriation
of large sums of money, and sometimes the
disposition of the title to large tracts of land.
Members of the House of Representatives be-
lieve that they ought to be consulted in rela-
tion to subjects requiring the appropriation of
vast sums of money from the Treasury as well
as the disposition of the public domain.
There is also a difference of opinion that
has existed heretofore in relation to who should
control the Indians ; whether it should be done
by the Interior Department, by civilians ap-
pointed by the President, or whether it should
be done through the agency of the War Depart-
ment and the interposition of officers of the
Army.
Mr. THURMAN. The first question sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa is a question
as old as this Government, as every Senator
knows, whether the House of Representatives
is bound to appropriate money provided by a
treaty to be paid. The first discussion of it
was in the debate on Jay's treaty, and it has
been discussed ever since; and I put it to the
Senator whether he expects that that great con-
stitutional question, about which there is such
a diversity of opinion, can be settled by any
joint committee of the two Houses ? I see no
necessity whatever for appointing a joint com-
mittee under the expectation that that great
question will be settled by the authority of any
joint committee whatsoever, or of any commit-
tee whatsoever. I say nothing about my own
opinion upon it. We know what different opin-
ions have been entertained. I heard at the last
session of the Senate the distinguished Senator
from Maine, now no more,(Mr. Fessenden,) de-
clare that in his opinion the House was right; that
it was not bound to appropriate money simply
because a treaty had been made that required
its appropriation. Other Senators entertain a
different opinion. That is a question which
cannotbe settled by any committee; and unless
there is some better reason than that for appoint-
ing this joint committee I hope it will not be
appointed.
Now, as to the other matter, there is a differ-
ence of opinion as to whether the Indians
should be put under the War Department or
whether they should remain under the admin-
istration of the Interior Department. The
Senate has solemnly resolved that it will not
put them under the War Department, and is
the Senate prepared to back out from that ? I
think not. I hope, therefore, no joint com-
mittee will be appointed.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest to the
Senator from Iowa that it might be well, to
carry out his purpose, to limit the operation
of the committee and make it a special com-
mittee for the purpose of devising a general
policy. The resolution, it seems to me, goes
a little too far. It provides for a permanent
committee for standing legislation. I would
not like to Bee anything but a special com-
mittee for a special purpose to harmonize a
policy. We need that veiy much.
Mr. HARLAN. That is what is contem-
plated by the resolution. As amended, neither
the Senate nor the House will be bound to refer
to the committee any subject unless it chooses
to do so. It provides that the Senate and the
House may refer to the committee any of the
subjects mentioned in the resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. When the concurrent reso-
lution from the House came the other day
before the Senate which it is now the desire
of the Senator from Iowa to adopt as an amend-
ment to his previous proposition I felt doubt
about it, and I expressed that doubt and a desire
to elicit the views of Senators who had been
more familiar than I had been with the opera-
tion of joint committees of the two Houses.
Subsequent reflection has settled my doubts
into convictions against the policy of this
thing.
This whole country has been made familiar
for years past with the idea that there exists
an Indian "ring" or rings which have con-
trolled the Indian policy of the Government, i
and which have made vast sums of money j
improperly out of the Government in connec- j'
tion with Indian affairs. I believe that the j
influence of anything of that kind would be ;
much more sure to be felt if there were a joint j
committee than if there are two separate com-
mittees of the two separate bodies, if such
influence could be felt at all in the two Houses
of Congress. I think it is altogether better to
let matters stand as they are rather than adopt
a policy of this kind that is so serious in its i
consequences and in all its results ; and when
the two Houses cannot agree let them come to
an agreement through a committee of confer-
ence, as they' do in regard to other matters of
legislation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unless there
is an extreme urgency in some direction for
multiplying committees we ought not to increase
the number of committees we have. We are
already crowded for room for committees, and
believing that if this resolution should be
adopted it would tend to a policy that would
steal away what lands the Indians have, and
then to exterminate the Indians, I shall vote
against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, which is the House concurrent reso-
lution as amended by the Senate some days
since.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the resolu-
tion be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that, so as to have a test vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. Let the resolution, as
amended, be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Retohed by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint special Committee on
Indian Affairs, consisting of ten members, five from
the Senate and five from the House, be appointed,
to whom may be referred any subject relating to
treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annuities, ,
and examination of claims referred to Congress frprn
the Interior Department relating to Indians, with
power to oonsider all questions arising under said
treaties, and whether the same may be abrogated, ]
annulled, or modified; and whether any farther |
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any, j
under what restriction ; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs may be
expedient or necessary; and also whether any ana
what further pro vision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart tor
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the laws of the United States, and what course shall
betaken toward them which shall best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimate citizen-
ship: and to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Said committee shall have power to employ a clerk
and examine witnesses, if necessary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cas-
serly, Conkling, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, terry,
Hamiin, Harris, Johnston. Kellogg, MoCrecry• M or-
rill of iviaine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt,
Revels, Scott, Spencer, Spraeue, btockton, Aiiur-
man, Willey. Williams, and WUson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow. Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Cole. Corbett. Fenton, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howe, Howell, McDonald, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, vickers,
and Warner—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Cragin, Fowler, Hamilton, Howard, Lewis, Norton,
Nye, Patterson, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stewart, and
Y ates—15.
The result was announced to be—yeas 28,
nays 27; so that the resolution was postponed
indefinitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morniog
hour has expired, and the funding bill is before
the Senate.
During Mr. Wilson's remarks,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please suspend for a mo-
ment. In the very close vote just taken the
Secretary informs the Chair that the vote
upon the indefinite postponement of the res-
olution in regard to a joint Committee on Indian
Affairs, revised with the Globe reporter's list,
shows a tie—yeas 27, nays 27. That correction
must be made. There being a tie, the Chair
votes in the negative, and the resolution will
again come up for action to-morrow or the next
legislative day. It is not indefinitely postponed.
The Chair votes in the negative so that the Sen-
ate may again act upon it.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
987) to reduce the number of officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. U60) for the relief
of Polly Hunt, administratrix, and George W.
Hunt, administrator of the estate of Walter
Hunt, deceased.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolution, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
published fifteen thousand extracopiesof the report
of the select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, without the evidence, and
ten thousand with the evidence; ten thousand of the
former shall be for the use of the House and five
thousand for the use of the Senate; and six thousand
of the lattir for the use the Honte. three thousand
for the use of (he Senate, and one thousand for the
use of the Treasury Department.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act en-
titled " An act providing for the sale of a por-
tion of the Fort Gratiot military reservation
in St. Clair county, in the State of Michigan,"
approved July 20, 1868; and  
A joint resolution (H. JUN#/121) providing
j for the payment of the fi#j th?Ark an sas mounted
j infantry volunteers,-^ ■
j qorsfe hill referred.
j The bill ('&. R- No. 987) to reduce thenum-
ber of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
printing of a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to print extra copies of the report
of the select Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage; and it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
FUNDING BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, which was to jtriie out the
first, second, and third sections of the amend-
