1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3747
blies. In advance of the purchase of the title
to a single acre of the land from the Indians
you hare authorized them to apply for admis-
sion as sovereign States of this Union. And
yet they are in precisely the same condition
to-day as these settlers on the Osage Indian
lands, who went on in advance of the technical
extinguishment of the Indian title. Are they
to receive from this time forward no considera-
tion here ? Are they to be driven from their
homes ? Do you propose to put up their farms,
their houses, humble though they maybe, that
shelter them and their families from the inclem-
ency of the seasons for sale at public outcry ?
Sir, you cannot find men bad enough to com- '
pete with them for title to their homes.
The proposition is totally impracticable. If
the price, however, proposed in the bill, $1 25
an acre, is not enough, if you wish to charge !
these frontier settlers more money for their !
homes, to punish them for pushing on the car !
of civilization, amend the bill; strikeout $1 25;
put in two dollars or more; but in Gpd's name,
do not put them at the mercy of land-sharks
and speculators, who might be bad enough to
be willing to rob the settler of the proceeds of
his labor and toil. If they are trespassers, it
is in a technical sense merely; morally, they
are not. They have done just as their neigh-
bors have done; just as the inhabitants of all
the new States have done. They are probably
no worse and no better than the average of the
people found elsewhere. Ordinarily, as soon
as the Indian title is extinguished the lands are
subject to settlement by preemptors, in advance
of the survey, and you in your wisdom have
solemnly enacted laws providing that the citizen
who does so under ordinary circumstances shall
have the prior right to buy his home at $1 25 an
acre. This is the solemn judgment of the nation
proclaimed in its statute-book, read and known
of all men. But if there is anything peculiar
about these people, if they have committed any
unusual oversight, make them pay smart-money
in an increased price for their homes; but I
would not place them at the mercy of land
speculators.
The proposition of the honorable Senator
from Maine is incapable of execution. These
people will not submit to competition in the
purchase of their homes. Emigrants to the
frontier will not compete "frith them, and out-
siders will not be permitted to bid. You can
provide by law for the sale at such just price
as you may determine, and require them to
conform to your judgment.
But, as I think, and as I have before observed,
there is a necessity for immediate action. I
have regretted the necessity of pressing thi3
subject on the attention of the Senate. The
peace is now preserved on this frontier only by
the sword, between these Indians and the set-
tlers. In the judgment even of the honorable
Senator from Maine the white settlers cannot
be driven away. If a physical possibility,, it is
a moral, practical impossibility. That cannot
be done. Then why keep these Osages under
the feet of these white people? The Indians
have agreed to move. They have selected their
home in the Cherokee country.' It is now
marked by metes and bounds ; but they are
not willing to go until they understand from
this Government that they will be paid for their
lands the price which they agreed to accept.
Why keep them under the feet of these people
longer? What advantage can accrue either to
them, or to the frontier settlers, or to the Gov-
ernment by so doing?
In a very little while these Indians will be
off on their summer hunt, which begins in the
month of June. They will then probably leave
the country for the plains, taking with them
their wives and their children and effects.
Should the tide of emigration continue as
strongly this year as last, they can never re-
turn to their former homes in peace. In their
absence all the desirable portions of the whole
country will be occupied by settlers. An at-
tempt to repossess their lands will bring on a
conflict which must prove their ruin.
May I not then appeal to the kindness of
heart so characteristic of the honorable Senator
from Maine for time to mature this bill and
Cass it ? Why should we delay ? He may have
een annoyed with the delay of the Senate in
maturing the appropriation bill specially under
his charge; but, as I have before remarked,
that bill will not take effeot until the 1st day |
of July. Not one dollar of the money proposed <
to be appropriated by that bill will leave the
Treasury until that period. It is a bill to defray
certain expenses of the national Government
for the coming, not the present fiscal year.
Then why not act on this subject now? Why
not let this old nation of great and little Osages,
who once occupied so broad a place within our
limits, know what you intend to do with them;
whether you intend to carry into effect the con-
tract they supposed they had made with the
United States? Why willyou, by needless delay,
impress them with the belief that they are to
be robbed#of their last resting-place, and turned
away naked to provide for themselves?
Why permit them to go away from their i
homes to the hunt on the plains smarting with
this sense of severe injustice? They will go
out on the plains and commingle with the
Sioux, the Cheyennes, and other Indians with
whom you have been at war for the last quarter
of a century with short intervals. They will ,
go to these rude savages to recount the wrongs
and the injustice you have indicted upon them. >
Will you permit this? May I not without im-
propriety appeal to the Senate of the United
States to continue the consideration of this
bill until a definite judgment can be obtained?
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthont ,
m the chair.) The appropriation bill, which ;
was laid aside informally to enable the Senator
from Iowa to conclude his remarks, will now
be taken up.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 299) in regard to charges of deser-
tion in cases of soldiers honorably discharged;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. 11. No. 386) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2,1867, and requested a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. L. P. Poland of Vermont, Mr. T. A.
Jenckes of Rhode Island, and Mr. J. A.
Johnson of California, managers at the same
on its part.
en rolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution :
A bill (S. No. 76) concerning divorces in
the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of claims
for the Department of State, and for additional
clerks in the Department.
rrintino of an amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I give notice of an
amendment which I propose to offer to the bill
(S. No. 890) to reduce taxation. I move that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
presidential approvals.
%
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
signed and approved the following acts :
A bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Co-
lumbia Railway Company of the District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trus-
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the Na-
tional Savings-Rank of the District of Columbia.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. li.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871, the' pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Chandler to the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Sherman, which was to add the following as
an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That t Hero be appropri-
ated, out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $450,000, to complete
the enlargement of the ship-canal around the falls
of the Ohio river.
The amendment of Mr., Chandler to the
amendment was to add to it the following:
For improving the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio,
$39,000.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was not
here last night when this question was up in
regard to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio; but as the Ohio river washes
the entire southern border of Indiana, and as
the people of Indiana are very deeply inter-
ested in the completion of the Louisville canal,
I trust I shall be excused for a few momenta
in attempting to point out the necessity for
immediate action on the part of the Senate.
I understand that the propriety of this appro-
priation is not questioned, the importance of it
is not questioned ; but I understand the question
to be the propriety of putting it on this bill at
this time, and it is to that point that I invite the
attention of Senators, and I do it most earn-
estly. I ask Senators to consider the import-
ance of putting this amendment on the bill at
this time.
In the first place, this work can only be com-
pleted at low water. I ask Senators to bear
that in mind as a starting-point; the work can
only be completed at low water. The water in
the Ohio usually begins to fall about the 25th
of May, and it will rise again about the 20th of
November, and this work is to be completed
within these two periods if completed at all.
Now, Lam advised that the work is just in this
condition: that if the contracts shall be let
immediately, or within tho next few days, the
work can be completed, if pushed on energet-
ically, between this time and the 1st of Decem-
ber ; but if a month or six weeks should be lost
in making these contracts the work cannot be
completed this year. This is the opinion given
by the engineer and those who are familiar with
the work; that to insure its completion this
year it is important the appropriation should
be made without delay. The loss of four weeks
or six weeks will be fatal to the work this year.
So far as I am concerned, I should be perfectly
willing to wait for the regular river and harbor
bill if it were not for this point. If that bill
should be delayed four or five or six weeks this
work could not be completed this year.
Now, what are the consequences to result
from that fact? Are they the ordinary conse-
quences of failing to construct a public work?
No, sir, they are not. The consequences will
be peculiar, and to this point I desire to call
the attention of the Senate. There is an old
canal now that is in use. The completion of
this work involves the breaking up of the locks
of the old canal and enlarging them to the new
size contemplated by former legislation, and
according to the plan adopted; in other words,
the old canal is to be made unnavigable while
this work is being completed. The proposition
