1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
5685
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not allude to the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope not, because I feel,
quite as much as my honorable friend from
Michigan can desire me to feel, the necessity
of coming to a correct decision in regard to so
grave a proposition as this, i will not deny
that the arguments of gentlemen of superior
learning and experience to myself in this body,
and the highly respectable and authoritative
sources from which these suggestions have
emanated to-day, coming to us in no less dig-
nified a shape than a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, certainly would
make me pause in opposing my opinion, formed
as it necessarily has been on the spur of the
moment, compelled to be formed instantly,
because this bill has been brought here at the
very heel of the session when the most of us
were not prepared for its discussion. Nor is
there proper time now. If this measure fails
for want of time, the blame must rest upon
those who failed to produce it in time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator -will allow
me to suggest that we could not foresee the
declaration of war, and no other event could
have justified this measure, in my judgment,
except a war waging in Europe.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit the fact that you
could not foresee it positively; and yet the
bill was introduced here upon the contingency
of a war which might at the time the bill was
brought in here never have come ; nor can you
see now how long this war is to last. What
must a campaign now be in Europe under the
modern system of warfare? It cannot last
beyond a few weeks. Look at those vast oper-
ations between Austria and France in the Ital-
ian campaign ; and how long did it occupy be-
fore the question was settled by one single battle
in a campaign that I think did not last more
than ten days? If the bill fails because a fair
and reasonable discussion is demanded upon
it, be it so.
UTAH CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Will the Senator give
way until I can pass a little bill?
Mr. BAYARD. What is the bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. A bill to grant the right
of way to a railroad that is constructed from
Ogden to Salt Lake City. The road has been
constructed, but by some oversight the bill
granting the right of way has not passed the
Senate. It is a House bill giving nothing but
the right of way.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be passed
now.
Mr. BAYARD. I give way so far as I am
concerned.
Mr. THURMAN". Does it give any lands?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No land, but simply the
right of way. The road has been built.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 871) granting to the
Utah Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ships fob foreign trade.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware will proceed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will not the Senator
allow a vote to be taken on this bill, that it may
go to the House ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will say to my honorable
friend that I have, as he has, my own duties
to perform here. My own belief is that if this
bill is passed it would go far toward bankrupt-
ing a certain business, to wit, the building of
ships, that has been struggling hard to keep
its head above water for the last four years.
Mr. CHANDLER. I assure my friend that
it will not affect it in the slightest degree.
Mr. BAYARD. Ihaveniyhonorablefriend's
assurance. I have no doubt of his wish; but
he must forgive me if, after all. I follow my
own opinions and my own conscience in mat-
ters of that kind. Defective though it be, it
is certainly well intentioned.
There is among the constituency I represent
a large amount of capital and a great many
hundred men employed in building iron ships
of precisely the character that this bill relates
to. I do not mean to say that they build ships
of this size at this time; but I mean to say that
they are abundantly competent to build as
good ships of two thousand tons and upward
as any other people on the face of this globe ;
and I am too well aware of the difficulties with
which they have been struggling for the last
few years, under a system of excessive taxation,
which has driven them out of those markets
of the world where there is a demand for these
large ships, and they have been compelled to
find a market for a smaller-sized vessel in
South America and on the Pacific coast; and
even there they are met with serious compe-
tition from those countries less fettered by
taxation than our own.
Now, Mr. President, letus look at this prop-
osition. Here is a bill that is in itself a piece
of special legislation. It is an invasion of the
revenue system of the country, which, whether
wisely or unwisely, under the doctrine of protec-
tion, nowhere exists. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the wisdom or the folly of this system of
protection, but I think there is in this bill and in
this proposition what may be termed a rather
hard nut for protectionists to crack. If an
interest of our country, under this high system
of duties, is suddenly by a measure of this kind
to becast down and trampled upon, I ask what
must be thought of a system so defective that
a total change can be made necessary by an
emergency of this kind? I think and believe
that this very proposition will afford an argu-
ment against those doctrines of protection that
to my mind have run so mad in this country in
the last nine years, which it will be found very
difficult to answer.
But, sir, laying aside the question of protec-
tion, or simply a tariff for revenue, there is one
proposition that no one will deny, and that is,
that for the purpose of safety and prosperity
in a country there must be stability in its laws.
Make laws unequal, make them unjust, but
make them permanent, and your various busi-
ness interests will soon adjust themselves to
the burdens which you place upon them. But
if there is to be instability, no man can ar-
range his trade or his business or occupation
to meet anything you may propose, because
there will be nothing certain, and his house
will be built upon sand. Now, there is one
thing plain: to make protection justifiable, it
must be general and equitable. You cannot
with safety throw down the guard of protection
from one interest in the country and maintain
it as to the rest, because by that you not only
ruin the interest from which you have with-
drawn the protection, but you would injure
also all others around it, because the interests
of commerce and the interests of trade are so
intertwined that you cannot affect the one
without disturbing the rest, any more than you
can draw the blood from the veins in a man's
wrist and not affect the circulation of his heart.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to offer a resolution which will take but a
moment?
Mr. BAYARD. With the consent of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
notification to president.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following reso-
lntion :
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two mem-
bers, be appointed, to join such committee as maybe
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President and inform him that unless lie
may have some further communication to make the
two Houses of Congress are ready to close their ses-
sion by an adjournment nine die.
The resolution was considered by unauimous
consent, and was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore being by
unanimous consent authorized to appoint the
committee, appointed Mr. Wilson and Mr.
Cassgrly.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton- Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there foe a committee appointed,
consisting of three members of the House, to join
such committee as may be appointed upon the part
of the Senate, to wait upon the President and inform
him that if he have no further communication to
make the two Houses are ready to adjourn.
And that the Speaker of the House appointed
Mr. Henp.y L. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr.
Robert C. Schenck of Ohio, and Mr. S. S.
Cox of New York, the committee on the part
of the House.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2415) for the relief of
Lot North was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
CHATTAHOOCHIE ARSENAL.
The bill (H. R. No. 2416) donating Chatta-
hoochie arsenal to the State of Florida for edu-
cational purposes was read twice by its title.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask unanimous consent
to pass that bill now.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SHIPS FOR FOREIGN TRADE.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I will ask for a
vote on Senate bill No. 950. We have just
time to pass it.
Mr. BAYARD. What bill is that?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the pending bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Senator ask a
vote on the bill upon which I am speaking ?
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don ; I thought he was through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Delaware give way until I call up a House bill
to which I suppose there is no objection, ashort
bill giving probate courts in Idaho increased
jurisdiction?
IDAHO PROBATE COURTS.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the jurisdic-
tion of the probate courts in Idaho Territory.
It provides that the probate courts of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, in their respective counties, in
addition to their probate jurisdiction, may hear
and determine all civil causes wherein the dam-
age or debt claimed does not exceed the sum
of $-500, exclusive of interest, and such crim-
inal cases arising under the laws of the Terri-
tory as do not require the intervention of a
grand jury; but they shall not have jurisdiction
in any matter in controversy when the title,
boundary, or right to the peaceable possession
of land may be in dispute, or in chancery or
divorce cases. In all cases an appeal may be
taken from any order, judgment, or decree of
the probate courts to the district court.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
resolutions.
Mr. NYE submitted a resolution which,
without being read, was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following
resolution, the reception of which was ob-
jected to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be laid before the Senate,
at the beginning of the next session of the piesenfc
Congress:
1. Adetciled statement of all seizures, suits, and
prosecutions since the 1st day of January, 1S68, for
violation of the internal revenue laws. ^
2. A like statement of the final disposition of
all goods, wares, aud merchandise and other things
