1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2808
Mr. LOGAN. Then I ask for a division of
the question on these two propositions.
Mr. CLEVELAND. There are many pur-
poses for which this scrap iron, that would
come in under this paragraph, could be used,
which, if this scrap iron were not imported,
would require the use of the slabs, blooms, and
loops, which in the next paragraph are put at
a duty of $2240 per ton. The gentleman from
Ohio proposes to put the duty on wrought iron
scraps at $8 per ton. As I have said, while I
do not object to the duty of $8 a ton on wrought
scrap iron, still I am opposed to any higher
duty on other scrap iron than $5 a ton, which
is the duty imposed on pig iron.
If the House adopts this proposition it will
admit at $8 per ton, for manufacturing pur-
poses, wrought iron rolled out in sheets and
.blanked out by machinery, prepared for man-
ufacturing purposes, absolutely more valu-
able than sheet iron itself; that is to say, the
thicker kinds of sheet iron, like boiler-plate.
There are many manufacturing purposes for
which iron is used blanked outin various forms
by machinery, like the punchings which are
named in the next paragraph; and those
pieces, blocked out in those forms, more ad-
vanced than boiler iron, will be admitted under
this paragraph at $8 a ton. For that reason
I am in favor of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to have the
duty on wrought scrap iron put at §8.
The question was put on the first part of Mr.
Sciienck's amendment, as follows:
On cast scrap iron of every description, Jo per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next put on the second
part of Mr. Schenck's amendment, as follows:
On wrought scrap iron of every description, $8 per
ton.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Logan and Mr.
Cake.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 09.
So the second part of the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the par-
agraph, so that this part of it will read, '• On
wrought scrap iron of every description, §7 a
ton." 1 believethatpig iron should beputat§7
a ton, and I am very confident that the House
after reflection will make the duty on it $7.
I therefore suggest that this wrought scrap
iron ought to be at the same rate as pig iron.
I believe that those gentlemen who have expe-
rience in reference to the use of pig iron and
wrought scrap iron will assent to the propriety
of the rate I have named.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the next para-
graph. I do so in consequence of the remarks
by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cleveland,] who offered the motion to make
the rate $8. Thegentleman's argument tended
very much in the same direction as the argu-
ments genei-ally which have been offered to the
House in favor of raising this duty. Those
arguments have mainly had reference to the
frauds perpetrated on the revenue of the coun-
try by importing, under this arrangement of
duties, iron that was already shaped to be used
by the manufacturers of this country. Now,
the gentleman's attention certainly has not
been called to the next paragraph of this bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND Yes, sir; it has.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, if it has I am very
much astonished at the remarks of the gentle-
man, because the proposition now, and^ the
only one that has been before the committee
to-night in reference to what constitutes scrap
iron, is the proviso that nothing shall be deemed
scrap iron except waste or refuse material that
has been in actual use and is fit only to be
remanufactured. But the articles mentioned
by the gentleman and by other gentlemen who
have spoken, which may be manufactured so
as to be used for shovels and points of various
tools that are made for mechanics, are found
in the next section, which has not been dis-
turbed in any way whatever. Now, if the iron
mentioned in this paragraph is old scrap iron,
refuse iron, that is entirely worthless until it is
worked over the same as pig iron, I cannot
possibly get it into my head why it is more
valuable than pig iron. I do not understand
why, if it has to be worked over in the same
manner as pig iron has to be before it can be
used by the manufacturer—I do not understand
why the tariff should be higher on it than on
pig iron.
The argument has more reference to the iron
described in the next paragraph, namely, iron
in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms, includ-
ing ends, clippings, and punchings of new iron.
These clippings and punchings are made in
particular shapes, so that they may be used by
the manufacturer to be converted into tools,
and may be imported for those purposes. The
frauds that are perpetrated are in the articles
of that class rather than the iron known as
refuse material. I presume I will be borne
out in what I have stated by any member of
the Committee of Ways and Means who has
examined the question. X know that., so far
as my examination heretofore has gone, it has
proved this fact to me, that the article men
tioned in this paragraph is not the article, nor
any of the articles that have been mentioned
here. I shall move, if this proposition shall be
voted down, as I hope it will be, that this par-
ticular article of waste or refuse material shall
be put on the same basis as pig iron, because
it means nothing more and is of no more value.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I would like to explain
what " clippings " and " punchings" are, but
I will not detain the committee now.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment, so that it may be renewed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew it. I
ask the attention of the committee for a mo-
ment only while I try to state the present atti-
tude of this case. As the law now stands the
tariff duty on pig iron is $9 a ton and the duty
on scrap iron is §8 a ton. Scrap iron is known
only as one thing in the law, as it now stands ;
but in 18G6-07, when the last tariff bill passed
either one of the Houses of Congress, but did
not become a law, it was found, after full and
elaborate debate, that there had grown up two
distinct classes of scrap iron brought into this
country, cast scrap iron and wrought scrap
iron ; and in the bill, a copy of which I bold
in my hand, which is the last legislative utter-
ance on this question of either branch of this
Congress, the bill which passed the Senate in
February, 1807, but did not become a law, this
classification was made: they put pig iron at
$9 a ton, they put cast scrap iron at $4 a ton,
and they put wrought scrap iron at $8 a ton.
Now, there is the scale of relative adjustment
of these three articles, as the judgment of the
Senate dictated it ought to be ; in other words,
they said that the duty on wrought scrap ought
to be twice as high as the duty on cast scrap.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask if that is not
includeu in " punchings and clippings?"
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all, and
I will show the gentleman. The gentleman
from Illinois says that the definition given to
scrap iron is that it shall be old refuse iron,
and that, therefore, these pieces of partly man-
ufactured iron cannot very well come in under
that head. If the gentleman will listen to me
for a moment I will tell him how it operates.
Every day under the old rate on scrap iron old
worn-out iron rails are torn up in England and
shipped over here in the form and under the
title of "scrap iron," and by being simply cut
up an packed and heated and run through the
rollers they are made directly into new rails
ready to be laid down. You will find that the
gentleman who represents the Johnstown dis-
trict of Pennsylvania [Mr. Morrell] is prob-
ably using over 25,000 tons a year of old bat-
tered-up rails, that he has nothing on earth to
do but to cut up and pack and heat and run
through his rollers and they come out railroad
iron.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
now; 1 desire to finish my statement. I say
that that class of iron which now comes into
this country in large quantities is precisely the
thing described in this bill, iron that has been
in actual use and is only fit to be remanufac-
tured. Now, I ask gentlemen here if pig iron
is to be brought in at $5 or $7 a ton, which is
cast iron and must be worked through several
processes before it can be made into rails, if a
kind of iron that needs but one process to
reach the form of iron rails ready to be laid
down is not worth more and ought not to bear
a higher duty than the mere raw material, if
you please to call it so, of cast scrap?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. This controversy about scrap
iron originated with the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Stevens,) who
was at that time at the head of the Committee
of Ways and Means; and the phraseology
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] has quoted was his phraseology. Jl
has come round again to-night, reproduced by
the gentleman from the Schuylkill district, I
believe it is, [Mr. Cake,] who has introduced
some evidence here from the collector of the
port of Philadelphia, and it is all the evidence
that has ever been produced here; so that so
far as Pennsylvania is concerned tbey have
been cheated in this matter. No other evi-
dence has been produced since 1 have been in
this House, and I have heard this debate about
scrap iron for the last ten years; it has been
gone over from year t.o year, and it all turns
out that certain gentlemen in Pennsylvania
have been introducing into this country old
rails which tliey have obtained in England
and have been making them over into railroad
iron; and, true to their instincts, they cry
"Stop thief!" and charge it all over on Con-
necticut.
I have been governed in my votes to night
upon the subject of scrap iron as I was last
night upon the duty on pig iron. I voted last
night to sustain the Committee of Ways and
Means ; and believing that they will be sustained
in the House in the duty of $7 per ton that they
have proposed on pig iron, I have voted to-night
to sustain their report upon scrap iron. And I
have been in favor of putting the duty relal ively
just where it was put by the former chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, quoted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
to make the duty on scrap iron $1 less than
the duty on pig iron. He put ihe tariff on pig
iron at §9 per ton and the tariff on scrap iron
at $8 per ton. The present chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means proposes $7 on
pig iron and $G on scrap iron. Now, I will go
with him as long as he will go with himself.
[Laughter.] But when he leaves himself, then
I will go with the Committee of Ways and
Means. I will go with the gentleman—I will
not say with the chairman "sober;" yet the
gentleman's first impressions seem to me tote
better than any new ideas he has derived since
the vote of last night.
I did not follow the vote of the Committee
of the Whole last night. Nor do I follow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] in
his revenges for the vote of last night. In fol-
lowing his lead last night I am not called upon
to follow his lead for revenge for that vote. I
propose to stand by the duty on pig iron of $7
per ton, and on scrap iron of $G per ton. I
propose to make the same distinction between
pig iron and scrap iron that was proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means. This idea
that scrap iron meant only pieces of castings
is a new distinction, brought forward here for
the purpose of undertaking to frighten some
