2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
gentlemen into voting now as they ougktto have
voted last night.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment, upon condition that it be renewed
by some gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. BECK. The first amendment is one I
offered (o strike out " SG " and insert " $4."
Is (hat amendment still pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that, amendment to have been withdrawn.
Mr. BECK. I withdrew it and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] renewed it,
and 1 supposed itv/as withdrawn and renewed
from time to time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has noted
upon his minutes that it was withdrawn finally
and not renewed.
Mr.MAYNAllD. Thatlinehasbeenstricken
out by a vote of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I sought a moment ago
to ask a question of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] I understood him to be
arguing iu favor of placing a duty of $8 per
ton on wrought scrap iron. And he quoted
from a bill that was before the Senate in I860
or 18G7, iu which the rate was fixed at §8 per
ton. 1 want to know of the gentleman how
that rate in the bill compared with the duty on
pig iion at that time?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I stated how it
was.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How was it? I did not
hear the statement of the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The duty on
pig iron was $9 p'-r ton. I was arguing for
the same comparative duty on the two articles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The rates were SO per
ton for pig iron and $8 per ton for scrap iron.
Wo have now fixed the rate of duty on pig iron
at $5 per ton. I believe it is admitted on all
hands that scrap wrought iron as defined in
the proviso attached to this paragraph is worth
no more to the manufacturer than pig iron.
Mr. DICKEY. Who admits that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Almost every gentleman
who has spoken on the subject.
Mr. DICKEY. No man has stated it so far
as I have heard.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I refer to the refuse iron
fit only to be remauufactured.
Mr. DICKEY. It is worth $15 a ton more.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the language of the
proviso means anything, it means iron in-
tended to be remauufactured, and nothing
else. The exceptions are all contained in the
next paragraph.
Now, then, .we have fixed the rate for pig
iron at $5 per ton ; and according to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio the duty
on this scrap iron should be fixed at $4 instead
of $8; but I am willing to place it at the
same rate as pig iron, §5 per ton. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is voted down, as I trust it will be, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has, I
believe, indicated his intention to move to fix
the rate on scrap iron so as to correspond with
that on pig iron.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that we should
he consistent in our legislation. Having fixed
the rate upon pig iron, the other descriptions
of iron should be fixed at a corresponding
rate. I apprehend, however, that the reason
for proposing an increased rate on scrap iron
is the expectation that when the vote is taken
upon pig iron in the House we may be induced
to vote a higher rate of duty than that already
agreed upon. I voted last night to reduce the
rate upon pig iron to $5 per ton. I intend to
follow*that up by voting the same way in the
House. I want the rates for these other de-
scriptions of iron to correspond with the duly
already fixed for pig iron. I trust the com-
mittee will act upon that idea and will vote
down the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I wish to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether, in every
tariff bill heretofore brought before the House
by the Committee of Ways and Means, scrap
iron has not invariably been fixed at a lower
rate than pig iron ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; the distinction
was never made till the tariff of 18G4-65. Since
then we have discovered the evil consequences
of that distinction.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman whether
the Iron and Steel Association that met in this
city in 1806 or 1867 to recommend rates of duty
for these articles did not put the duty on scrap
iron below pig iron, and further below it than
the committee put it in this bill; whether they
did not make a difference of $2 in the rates,
while in the bill the committee have made a
difference of only $1? The chairman of the
committee admits that the duty on scrap iron
has never been any higher than that on pig
iron, while it has almost invariably been lower.
Why does he now advocate putting it higher ?
Mr. SCHENCK. In the first place, I say
there was never any distinction made till the
tariff of 18G4-G5.
Mr. LYNCH. Before that the duty was
never higher on scrap iron than on pig iron?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; they were at the
same rate. By that tariff scrap iron was put
below pig iron. I admit that the iron and
steel men wanted a still greater difference.
Why ? That they might from the material im-
ported as scrap iron make rails, cutlery, and
other things at a less cost. They wanted a
difference of $2; but the committee were not
disposed to follow them implicitly in this mat-
ter, and in the bill we make a distinction of
only $1. I am sorry now that we made any
distinction at all; or, if wo made any, that we
did not fix the rate on scrap iron higher than
that on pig iron. I think the iron and steel
men were a little disposed to mislead us in this
matter, and to a certain extent they did mis-
lead us. I wish toget back to what I consider
solid ground, and not to be controlled by the
opinion of those men, for they have an inter-
est in having the duty on scrap iron as low as
possible.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I want simply
to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that this whole matter has been fully con-
sidered by the iron and steel men. It has been
considered by the Committee of Ways and
Means. It has been considered a number of
times by both branches of Congress, by the
House and the Senate. Wherever it has been
considered ithasbeeninvariablyputat a lower
price than pig iron. Now is the first time, as
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means himself admits, that it has been at-
tempted to put it higher than pig iron.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. Is an amendment in oider?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the position of this question on
scrap iron as disclosed in the subsequent pro-
viso connected with this paragraph. By look-
ing at that proviso gentlemen will see that it is
there provided that nothing shall be deemed
scrap iron except waste or refuse material that
has been in actual use and is fit only to be
remamifaetured. That, sir, is an entirely new
provision inserted in this bill. It does not exist
now anywhere in the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And never
has existed in the law.
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir; it is not only not
in the law now, .but it never has been. This
scrap iron by the provisions of this bill, not
waste or refuse material that has been in actual
use, but ends, clippings, and punching® of new
iron, whichare of some-valpe p.nd can be read-
justed in this country and applied tomanu&Q-
turing uses, has been excluded from this para-
graph and embraced in another paragraph,
where it is provided that on all iron in slabs,
blooms, loops, or other forms, including ends,
clippings, and punchings.of new iron, less fin-
ished than bars, and, more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, shall pay a duty of 1 cent
per pound, which amounts to $22 40 per ton.
So that a large class of iron which now conies
in at $8 a ton as scrap iron is placed by the
provisions of this bill under another classifica-
tion at $22 40 per ton, an increase of duty on
this one article alone of something over $14 a
ton. If this provision is to b« insisted on by
the committee, so as to raise the duty on
wrought iron scrap imported into th"i$ country,
if the intention of the committee is to raise the
duty on wrought iron scrap to 1 cept a pound
or $22 40 a ton, I hope it will be rejected by
the committee. I do not think there should
be any such increase of duty .upon this cheaper
quality of iron imported into this country of
wrought iron scrap. .
I do not think wrought iron scrap ought to
come in as cheaply as cast iron scrap.- I am
perfectly aware that old iron rails are intro-
duced into this country as scrap iron at $8 a
ton ; but 1 wish gentlemen to remember that
in the manufacture of Bessemer steel those
engaged in that manufacture have been com-
pelled to use imported iron ; and it is a fact
disclosed by the statistics in reference to pig
iron and scrap iron that their importation has
increased because the Bessemer steel manu-
facturers in this country are and have been im-
porting scrap and pig iron from England for
the purpose of manufacturing steel. If we wish,
therefore, to encourago the manufacture of
Bessemer steel in this country we must allow
this to come in at as low a rate as possible.
If we increase the duty from $8a ton to $22 4S
a ton, then the Bessemer steel manufacturer,
not being able to afford to .pay so high a duty,
will very naturally bo discouraged from fur-
ther pursuing that manufacture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. This debate is becoming
very scrappy, and I hope the committee will,
by unanimous consent, close the debate and
let us have a vote so wo can pass to the next
paragraph.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask, then, by unanimous
consent, the debate be closed at the end of five
minutes.
Mr. COBURN. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say to the House
J that in my judgment there should be a higher
' duty on wrought iron scrafi than upon pig iron.
I For instance, rails made from wrought scrap,
5 tons of scrap produce 4 tons of rails, whereas
0 tons of pig iron only produce the sa'menum-
; ber of tons of rails. Therefore, if any dis-
! tinction is to be made between wrought- iron
I scrap and cast iron scrap there should be a
: higher duty cu wrought iron scrap than upon
j cast iron scrap. Any gentleman who under-
; stands the manufacture of iron will understand
the reason. Wrought iron scrap when put
: into rails does not require puddling, and pig
| iron does.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
I to amend theamendoientby substituting "$0"
i foy .''•J'7-','', Thefirstargumeutagamstthisprop-
osition will be that it makes an inequality of
, duty m proportion to value. You. now iuiro-
i dace under the existing tariff, from Norv/ay
; and Sweden, very valuable iron at less than
! one quarter of the duties, iu proportion to
j value, at which common irou is admitted. Bat
| all the gentlemen from Pennsylvania are very
much aggrieved that we should introduce old
I rails at a duty of $8 a ton, cut them up, rc-
