5636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
whatever seized; of the amounts of all sales of any
of the same, and the disposition of the same; of all
of such property released or restored to the parties,
and the inducement for, the consideration of, and
the terms of each such release or restoration.
3. A like statement of all such goods, wares, and
merchandise and other things still hold under such
seizures.
4. Alike statement of the disposition or present
condition of all such suits and prosecutions, specify-
ing the amounts of all judgments obtained and fines
imposed, and of all moneys eoileeted on account
thereof; and of all fines, penalties, and forfeitures
remitted anil released, in whole or in part, and the
inducement for and consideration of each such
remitter or release.
5. A likestatementof all compromises made during
the same time, with any parties charged with viola-
tions of the internal revenuelaws, and of ail moneys
received upon such compromises, or upon release of
property seized, or remitter or release of ponalties,
or dismissal of suits or prosecution?, and by the Gov-
ernment or its offioers, and by informers, delators,
and other third persons.
6. A like statement of all costs and expenses in-
curred by the Government in and about and by rea-
son of such seizures, suits, and prosecutions.
7. A statement showing what persons, if any, have
been imprisoned by virtue of convictions for offenses
against the internal revenue laws during the same
time, and of such of the same as may have been
released before the expiration of their terms of im-
prisonment, and the consideration for and the terms
of such release in each case.
8. A statement in detail of all fees and compensa-
tion paid special attorneys, agents, and others for
services or expenses, or as rewards, of such seizures,
suits, and prosecutions during the same time, speci-
fying by whom and by what authority each was em-
ployed.
ships eor foreign trade.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to. hear the termination of the speech of
my friend from Delaware. I hope there will
be no further interruption. I shall be com-
pelled to object. That speech I insist upon
hearing.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
take up the bill (II. It. No. 1115) for the relief
of Robert Brigham, late postmaster, Franklin,
Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Michigan
to object to other business ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to hear the con-
tinuation of my friend's speech. I must object
to everything else.
Mr. CAMERON. To House bill No. 1115 ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. I must object
to the consideration of any and everything. I
give notice that I hope to pass this bill now ;
and if I do not it will become the unfinished
business on the first day of the meeting of
Congress; and I insist on keeping it in its
order of business.
Mr. WILS ON, (at five minutes to five o' clock.)
The committee appointed for that purpose have
waited upon the President, and the President
stated to the committee that he has no further
communication to make to Congress.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a remark
on the bill before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to say, can he now prevent the
passage of my bill after I have helped him so
much to-day? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to say that
the friends of protection and of high protec-
tion, of special local protection, had better be
a little careful that they are not pressing the
matter too far. It seems to me they have to-day
shown a selfishness that may be injurious to
them. I hope they have considered the whole
thing. I think they are making a very great
mistake. That is all I have to say about it. I
express the opinion that they have made a mis-
take that they will be sorry for.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Those who oppose the
bill or those who favor it—which do you mean ?
Mr. STEWART. Those who oppose the
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Seuatorfrotn Ne-
vada will also admonish the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce that, having intro-
duced this bill on the 31st of May, he ought to
regret not having reported it until the 13th of
July, within the last two days of the session.
Mr. STEWART. I think he also ought to
regret, and that seriously, that he did not have
foreknowledge enough to know what would
occur. If he had been endowed with fore-
knowledge he might have known that it was
important to have this bill passed. I think he
is very censurable that he did not know what
was going to occur before it did occur.
Mr. NYE. I think my colleague is a little
severe on the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce. I wish to inquire about the Chi-
nese bill; will my colleague call that up?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised that my
friend from Nevada should get up and make a
speech when my bill is pending. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. There is just time for a
vote on my bill before the Senate adjourns. I
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware has the floor oa the bill.
adjournment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I want to pass a little
bill, House bill No. 1596, for the relief of the
Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston,
South Carolina.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Pass that.
The bill was read.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The bill has passed
the House.
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire Whether it requires
unanimous consent to take up that bill at this
time?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does
not. It requires the vote of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. How many must consent
to it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A major-
ity of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. A majority of the Senate, sir!
I should like to know what would constitute a
majority of the Senate upon this occasion ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let us have a count.
Mr. DRAKE. I commend the Senator from
South Carolina to count the Senate, for he can-
not count on this bill passing this afternoon.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am sure we can pass
it, if the Senator will yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hoar
of five o'clock has arrived, and, in pursuance
of the concurrent resolution of Congress, 1
pronounce the Senate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 15, 1870.
The House met at nine o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleb, as follows:
Great God, by whose almighty power and
boundless love we have been spared during all
these months, we now ask Thy blessing upon us
in these closing hours; we pray Thee that Thou
wilt forgive wherein we have sinned against
ourselves, or against each other, or against the
great God of truth and love and mercy, and
bless us with Thy peace. Sanctify to us Thy
providences, which have removed one and
another of our number to the land of spirits.
And, oh! teach us alwaj's to number our days
that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
Bless, we pray Thee, 0 God, all that has
been done during this session of Congress, and
have our country, our persons, and all the in-
terests of our families and of our Government
in Thy holy keeping. Keep us in Thy fear to-
day ; preserve us from sin, grant grace to these
Thy servants, that amidst these perplexing
and responsible and trying duties they may be
strengthened, that Thy fear may be before their
eyes and Thy love in their hearts. And as we
separate to our homes, take us in Thy rare in
our journeys, bless us in ail our families, and in
Thy good time return us to this place. If any
of us are appointed to die, prepare us, 0 God,
for death ; and help us so to live that we may
fall to sleep in the arms of our blessed Re-
deemer, and pass joyfully to the land where
there are no more toils and no more tears.
These mercies we ask, with the forgiveness
of our sins and the indwelling of Thy Spirit,
and a conscience void of offense toward God
and toward man, for the sake of Jesus Christ,
our Lord. Amen.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
begun by the Clerk; but before he had con-
cluded,
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
miscellaneous apbropriatlojf bill.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tiio
bill (H. R. No. 21G5) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses ot the Government for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 8,10, 11,12,18, 23,28, 52, 63, 64,0(5, 67, 69,
70, 75, and 77.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4,
6. 7, 9,13,15, 16,17, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32.
33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47. 4S,
49, 50, 51,53, 56, 57, 53, 60, 61, 62, 65, 71, 72, 79, and 80,
and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows :
In lieu of the words inserted by said amendment
insert the following:
And the proviso in relation to the appropriations
for continuing tho construction of said building con-
tained in the act of April 20,1870, is hereby so mod-
ified as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the contracts
therein provided for any contract in reference to
said building approved by him before said April 20,
1870: Provided, That the limitation of cost tnerem
contained is not thereby affected : And providedfur-
ther, That hereafter, before any new buildingsfor the
use of the United States are commenced, plans and
full estimates therefor shall be prepared and ap-
proved by tho Secretary of the Treasury, Postmaster
General, and the Secretary of the Interior; and the
cost ot the buildings shall not exceed t&e amount
of tho said estimates; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same witu the following amendment: in lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment, insert the
following words:
And the provision in relation to tho appropriation
for continuing the construction of said building con-
tained in the act of April 20,1870, is hereby so mod-
ified as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, iu
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the contracts
therein provided for any contracts in reference to
said building approved by him before said April 20,
1870: Provided, That the limitation of cost therein
contained is not thereby affected; and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out the last provision contained in said
amendment and insert in lieu the following:
Provided, Tnat the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to cause plans and estimates for the
completion of the building to be prepared and sub-
mitted to Congress at its next session.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That tne House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with tho following amendment: at the
end of the words inserted by said amendment insert
the following words:
Provided, That the appropriations for salaries and
pay of officers and others heretofore employed in
otherDepartments,andnowemployedin the Depart-
ment of Justice, are hereby transferred to tne said
department of justice, to be disbursed in accordance
with the law organizing the same.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the nfty-fiflh amendment ot the Senate, aud agree
to the same with the following amendment: in lieu
ol the woras inserted by said amendment, insert the
following words:
For compensation of clerks and for additional com-
pensation to the same in the office of the Secretary
or tho lroasury,$22,500; and the Senate agree to the
same.
Ihat the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to tne same with amendments, as follows: in lino
threeoi said amendmentstrike out the word "tour,"
and insert in lieu the word "two."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-ninth^amendment of the Senate, and acfiee
to the same with the following amendment: inlini
the words stricken out by said amendment insert,
the following:
For additional pay heretofore withheld from Wil-
liam feypuax, to equalize hi-* compensation with that
of an assistant messenger, $2,180.
And tlu- Senate agreo to the same.
ihat tne House recede from their disagreement co
