1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
roll them, and thus make railroad iron cheap,
it seems to be looked upon as a horrible thing
-that we should make railroad iron cheap so
that we can get cheap transportation. They
say, 11 We have large capital in this business,
find if you bring over old rails and convert
them into new rails, so as to make rails cheap,
that won't do." ,
Now I desire, of all things on earth, to have
cheap rails. I want to have some means of'
getting cheaply to market something that will
pay our bills in Europe. I want some policy
that will have the effect of bringing down the
rates of railroad transportation. I want to
have them cheaper .still; and therefore 1 go in
for a duty on this article of $o per ton. It
does not at all frighten me to be told thatpeople
bring in this raw material, this refuse iron,
and here on our soil undertake to remanufac-
ture it. Cannot we have the privilege of re-
manufacturing that which is of no use ? Can-
not we have the privilege of taking those rails
which are entirely worn out and making them
new I Is this House to be frightened because
Pennsylvaniaus know enough to remanufuc-
ture old rails into good new ones? I trust not.
Let me call the attention of the committee
to the important distinction there is here.
Ever since 1832 it has been old "or" scrap
iron which came in under the heading '' scrap.''
Under that heading new pieces or scraps of
iron were allowed to come in. Now, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reported that
under this heading there should be admitted
nothing but refuse iron that has been in actual
use and is fit only to be remannfactured. All
the others, the punchings, the turnings, &c.,
are pat in the next paragraph at a duty of $22
per ton.^ All those small articles of refuse
iron, which have never been in actual use, as
ends of horseshoes, ends of nail rods, &c.,
have been put in at $22 per ton.
_ Therefore, when the whole provisions of the
bill are taken together, it will be found to treble
the duty oti scrap iron, which is a raw material,
a material out ot which all our cutlery and all
our tools are being made, and a large propor-
tion of our rails. But one great reason for this
increase in the importation of scrap iron is that
the English iron, the Swedish iron, and some
others are charcoal iron, which can be made into
steel, and they are imported now, since the new
Bessemer steel process has come in, because
of their peculiar properties in that respect. It is
because we have not charcoal iron that the Old
World has been scoured by our ships within
the last few years to get scrap iron, the supply
of which muse now be cut off so that every
man's knife and every man's hoe shall pay a
higher tax to the iron men of Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to strikeout "$7" and
insert " $5."
Mr. SCHENCK, I rise to a question of
order. ThogentlemanfromPennsylvania, [Mr.
Cake,] as I understood, moved that cast scrap
iron should be one fourth cent and wrought
iron one half cent per pound. I moved to
amend his amendment by making the duty $5
per ton on cast scrap iron and $8 per ton on
wrought scrap iron.
Mr. LOGAN. That was voted down.
Mr. SCIiENCK. The first part of my propo-
sition, as to the duty on cast scrap iron, was
agreed to. The second part of myproposition,
to put a duty of $8 on wrought scrap iron, was
voted down. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] moved to amend by
making the duty §7. And now the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
moved to amend by making it $5. It appears
to me that that is an amendment in the third
degree, and is not admissible.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that
on a division of the question, which was de-
manded by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logas.,1 lis second proposition was rejected.
Mr. .RANDALL. But the amendment to
which it was offered is still undisposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, give
us a vote on $5 a ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think the vote was
taken on the second branch of my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk has a record
of the proceedings, and the Chair can only be
governed by the record of the Clerk.
Mr. LOGAN. What difference does it make
which way wo vote, so that we know what we
are voting on ?  
The CHAIRMAN'. The question is upon
striking out " $7 " and inserting "S3;" so
that it will read, "on wrought scrap iron of
every description, $5 per ton."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
51, noes CO; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bun,Kit of
Massachusetts, aiid Mr. Packard, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes G7.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I move now to strike out
"§7" and insert "$G."
_ Mr. ALLISON. The bill originally pro-
vided for SO a ton. Has $7 been inserted ?
Mr. LOGAN. An amendment is pending
to make it $7, and I move to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a point of order.
The bill proposed $0, and that having been
stricken out and $7 inserted, ! take it that it
is not in order now to move to strike out $7
and insert $6.
Mr. LOGAN. I think $7 has never been
inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
The question was put on Mr. Looan's amend-
ment ; and there were—ayes 70, noes GO.
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logax and
Mr. Maynmrd were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes fili.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs ou
agreeing to the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] as amended, which
the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oast scran iron of every description, $5 per ton;
on wrought scrap iron of or/cry description, $6 per
ton: Provided, That nothing blia.ll ho deemed scrap
iron excopt waste or refuse material that has been in
actual use, and is lit only to be reinanutactured.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We want
to amend the proviso.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is this: that the
proposition we are to vote upon now is the
duty upon wrought scrap iron. We have
already adopted that portion of the paragraph
which relates to cast scrap iron, and the pro-
viso has not been under consideration. There
has been no motion to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. 'Die amendment, as amended, is
''on wrought scrap iron of every descrrption,
$6 per ton."
The question was put; and the amendment,
as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask that the Clerk
shall read the next paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. The proviso has not been
disposed of yet.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proviso has not been
interfered with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to amend the proviso whenever we get to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not suppose there
was any further amendment to be proposed to
this paragraph. If there is of course the de-
bate must run on. I wanted to have the next
paragraph read, so that I might move that the
committee rise with a view to adjourn. I did
not want to leave open this whole question of
scrap iron to be debated another day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to the proviso. • •
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman desires
to move a further amendment of course I can-
not prevent it,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
it is very important to amend it. I desire1 to
amend it by.changing the word "material"
to ' iron," so that it will read, "That nothing-
shall bo deemed scrap iron except waste or
lef'use iron, &c., instead of " waste or refuse
material."
Mr: SCHENCK. That has already been
done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to amend the proviso by inserting the
word or " after tiie words " waste or refuse
ironso that the proviso will then read :
Provided, That nothing shall bo deemed scran iron
except waste or refuse iron or that has been in actual
us.0 and w .fit only to bo romuimfactured.
Mr. LOGAN. _'J?hat makes it all right.
Mr. SCIIENCK. It, makes it all wrong; it
just defeats the object of the proviso. The
very object of tho Committee of Ways and
Means in framing this proviso was to prevent
the introduction, under the name of waste or
scrap iron, of ends, clippings, punchings, &c.,
which are provided for in the next paragraph.
We want to confine scrap iron to iron that has
actually been used, or that is really old iron,
only fit to be remannfactured. It seems to me
that the insertion of tho word "or," thus going
back to the loose language of the old law, as it
formerly stood, will defeat the very object the
Committee of Ways and Means had in view.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This, as
I propose to make it, has been the law ever
since 1832. The proposition of tho Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is to have nothing
come in as scrap iron excopt simply that which
has been actually used, been worn out in actual
use. Therefore all tho ends and clippings
made in blacksmiths' shops, all the ends of
nail rods, all punchings and clippings of boiler
iron, all the turnings of lathes, everything of
that kind is to bo left, out here and put into the
next paragraph, which provides for "ends,
clippings, and punchings of now iron."
Xjio gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
say^ this proviso is put in to prevent fraud.
Fraud on what? This paragraph has now been
enlarged to prevent fraud. "Old or scrap
iron" allows everything to come in as scrap
iron, whether old or new; and that was the old
law. This law will be, if it shall pass, "noth-
ing shall be deemed scrap iron except waste
or refuse iron or iron that has been in actual
use and is fit only to bo remanufactured," as I
propose to amend it. Waste or refuse new iron
would be scrap iron. For instance, take the
little round buttons that are punched out of
boilers by a rivet punch. They are done up in
bundles in cartridges made of iron-wire eloth,
and then hammered into ingots, being heated.
And they constitute the very finest kind of iron
for making steel.
This proviso, as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, is to prevent this kind of
iron from coming in as scrap iron, thus keeping
up the price of steel; because these punchings,
these ends of bars, where bars are rolled out
and tho ends out off to make the bars square,
are most excellent for steel, being of charcoal
iron; and if the proviso is left as the commit-
tee reported it the conseqnenee will be that all
those things will be included under the next
paragraph, which proposes a duty of $22 -10 a
ton, or a duty which will be prohibitory.
Therefore I want to put in the simple word
"or;" so that the proviso will read: "Nothing
shall be deemed scrap iron except waste or
refuse iron, or that has been in actual use, and
is fit only to be remanufactured." " Or that
which has been in actual use " would be better
phraseology perhaps; butthat will be the mean-
ing of it. I therefore propose simply to put in
the word "or" before the words "that has
been in actual use." I want to have admitted
