1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4693
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole is of course in order
at any time.
Mr, SCHENCK. - I now make the motion
that the House proceed to business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; there being—-
ayes 8-1, noes 8-1.
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES ORDERED.
The following-named Senate bills and joint,
resolution, to which the House had adopted
amendments disagreed to by the Senate, were
respectively taken from the Speakers table,
the amendments of the House were insisted
upon, and the conferences asked by the Senate
were agreed to:
An act (S. No. 147) granting a pension to
William B. Looney. of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes and to equalize the dis-
tribution of circulating notes ;
An act (S. No. 84G) granting a pension to
Kcbecea Shoemaker; and
Joint resolution (S. 33. No. 1G3) for the
relief of certain officers oi the Navy.
JIOLLIN "WHITE.
The SPEAKER. The first business on Hie
Speaker's table is a veto message from the
President of the Onited States, which will bo
read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Seriate of tho Vnited States :
I rptiirri herewith, without my approval, Senate
bill No. ^i3, entitled "An act for the relief of lioUni
Yvrtule." tor the reasons set forth in the accompany-
ing communication, dated iJocomber 11, 18G3, from
the chicf of ordnancc.
U. S, GRANT.
Executive MANSIOX,
Washington, D. C., January 11,1870.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the Clerk read ike
communication from the chief of ordnance,
to wliich rcfcrcnee is made by the President
of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows :
[Ko. 1.3
ORDNANCE OimcK, WAR Department,
WAHHINCTOK, December 11, 1869.
Sir*. Intheyoai*185f)Puollin White obtained letters-
latent for improvements in repeating pistols, in
(among other things) extending trie chambers of the
rotating cylinder through to the rear, so as to enable
the chamber.-* to be charged at the rear by hand or
by a self-acting charger.
j*. Some time atterwaid, and piior to thebrealimg out
of the rebellion, he assigned this patent to Smith &
Wesson, ol Springfield, Massachusetts, for the sum
ol $500in cash and their obligation to pay liim twenty-
five cents ru3ralty on each pi-tol manufactured under
the parent, binding himself to apply for and to use
his influence to procure a renewal ot the patent,
lie aUerward surrendered this original patent and
obtained a rehsue in three divisions. Two years
before the expiration of the latter he applied to the
Commissioner ot Patents for an extension upon the
ground of in&uQioieney of compensation. The Com-
missioner rejected the application tor an extension
without assigning any reason, and the patents ex-
pired by limitation on the 3d of April, 18G9, and the
invention became public property.
On the 9r,<i of April, 1869, a bill authorizing /the
Commissioner of Patents to reconsider tlie applica-
tion of ltolhn White for extension of bis patents
was introduced in the Senate anrl passed -Without
debate. It passed the House without debate on the
10th of April, but failed to receive the signature of
the Vice Piesidcnt before Congress adjourned. It
is understood that it has now been signed by that
officer, and only awaits the approval of the Presi-
dent to become a law.
Unless the ends of justice require the extension of
this patent, it Shou-ld not be renewed. So far as I
urn able to ascertain, justice to the Government and
to the public forbids this patent from being renewed.
The validity of the patent hasbeen questioned for
mnny years; audit is understood that it was only
affirmed by the Supreme Court by a tie vote, four
of ih« justices voting affirmatively, and an equal
number negatively.
Its renewal is iu'£cd by RolHn White upon the
ground that ho has not been sufficiently compensated
tor his invention, llollin White has received nearly
seventy-one thousand dollars as royalty. Smith &
Wesson, for the years 1862, J863, 1864, 186-3.1800,1807,
atul 1808, returned incomes amounting in the aggre-
gate to about one milllondoHar?. This was derived
ohieflv from the manufacture of fire-arms under Roi-
iin White's patent, thai firm holding the exclusive
right to manufacture under it, and bemg engaged
almost exclusively in their manufacture.
It is believed that theUovernmentfuficred incon-
venience and embarrassmentcnoagh during the war
Sinconsequence of the inability of manufacturers to
use this patent, and that its further extension will
 „     .^tridges,.
i<or these reasons 1 respectfully request that you
will call the attention of thoPresident of the United
States to this subject before he acts upon the bill
which is now before him.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
A.B.DYER,
Brevet Major General, Chief of Ordnance,
Hon. W. W. Beljcxap, Secretary of V/ar.
[Indorsement,]
Ordnance Office, December 11,1869.
Brevet Major General A. 13. Dyer, chief of ord-
nance, asks that the attention of the President be
called to the patent of Rollin White, and recom-
mends that it be not renewed.
Waji Dbpahtmeni, December 13, 1869,
Respectfully forwarded to the President approved.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. JENCKES. I now ask that the bill may
bo read as it passed both Houses.
The Clerk read as follows:
Forty-First Congress of the United Stales of A 'merica—
at the first session, begun and held at the city of Wash-
ton,, on Thursday, the 4t!i day of March, I860.
An act for the relief of Rollin White,
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIov, sc of Representa-
tives of the United States of America t n Congress assem-
bled, That the Commissioner of Patents be, and is
hereby, authorized to rehear and determine the ap-
plication of ilollm> White for the extension of his
iotlers-patent for improvements in pistols, issued
April 3,1853, numbered 12688,120-48, and 12649, (No.
12o35> having been reissued May 1,1800, numbered
2J.36, and No. 12619 having been reissued October 27,
1863, in divisions numbered 1557, 1558, and 1559,)
upon the evidence, in the same manner and with the
same effect as if they were original applications,
made within the time prescribed by law for said
extensions, before the Commissioner of Patents, and
as if no hearing had ever occurred: Provided, That
in case said extension shall be granted no damages
shall be recovered for infringements thereof between
the date of the expiration of the original patents
and the date of such entensions.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House oj llepreseixtativcs.
SCHUYLER COLPAX,
Vice President and President of the Semite.
I certify that this act did originate in tho Senate.
UEO. C. uCtllliAM, Secretory.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill which hasbeen
just read shows the relief proposed to be
granted by the Committee on Patents is merely
the rehearing of a case by the Commissioner
of Patents. None of the papers which have
been read show why that relief was recom-
mended by the committees which considered
the petition of the party in whose favor this
bill was reported. I wish to state the reasons
upon which those committees acted.
'Rollin White, it appears, Mr. Speaker, ob-
tained a patent in 1855, which expired early
in April, 18C9. The law requires that he
should file his application for an extension
ninety days at least before the expiration of
the original term of the patent. The patentee
in this case did so. Application for extension
was made. The time limited by the law was
consumed in the taking of testimony. It was
proved before the committee of this House
ihat on the night after the day the testimony
was closed in the city of New York the manu-
script and the models referred to in the testi-
mony were left in the office of the clerk of the
Supreme Court and the commissioner who
took the testimony, preparatory to being sent
to the Patent Office in Washington the next
day or the day succeeding; but, during that
night, ?ome person feloniously entered the
office of the commissioner and abstracted this
testimony and these models, so that when the
patentee came to the Patent Office here in
Washington he did not have the testimony
on which he expected to make out his_ case,
and he had not time to retake the testimony
for the purpose of presentation to tho Patent
Office before his patent expired. In ihat stale
of facts the examiners and the Commissioner
of Patents went on and heard the case, as they
were obliged to do, on this imperfect testi-
mony. The petitioner alleged that if testimony
which he had taken and the models referred to
in it hid been before the examiners and the
Commissioner there would have been a differ-
ent decision. Whether that would have been
so ov not was entirely immaterial to the com-
mittee in recommending the passage of this
bill. It seefned to us, as if it were a case where
parties, having taken their testimony in writing
by agreement, either in law or equity, left it in
the office of tho magistrate where it was taken,
and before the ease came to a hearing the evi-
dence of one of the parties should be abstracted.
The court under such circumstances would not
inquire into the nature of that testimony, but
would give time to reproduce it. In this case
the law prevented the Commissioner from giv-
ing time to reproduce it. What the effect of
that evidence tnight be, or what Weight it might
have with the Commissioner, we did not con-
sider or attempt to determine. We simply
asked whether this party had had a fair hear-
ing, such o hearing as the law assures to him,
or not. It being proved to our satisfaction
that he had not had such a hearing, the com-
mittee recommend concurrence with the Sen-
ate iti the passage of this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, I wish to ask the gentle-
man if there Was any hearing before the Com-
mittee on Patents in opposition to this claim
during the last spring session, that of 18G9 ?
Mr. JENCKES. The committee did not go
into the merits of the claim at all.
Mr. KELLOGG. If this bill is passed, will
not the Commissioner of Patents have to con-
fine the hearing to" the old evidence, or wiil
the parties be allowed to bring new testimony?
Mr. JENCKES. I understand that they can.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand the Commis-
sioner to decide otherwise.
Sir. JENCKES. I do not see how he can ;
and I know of no such decision. The very
object of this bill is to reopen the case, and to
allow any evidence bearing on it to be submit-
ted. Otherwise the committee, so far as I, for
one, am concerned, would not have recom-
mended it.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few moments, to give the reasons
why I hope this bill will not pass.
Mr. JENCKES. I have not quite finished
what I wished to say. I say nothing about the
so-called veto or the letter annexed to it from
General Dyer. They were not before the com-
mittee of which I am a member. They are be-
fore the House, to act upon them by its vote.
Nor will I say anything as to the merits of the
application. The committee did not inquire
into these. The simple question before us was
whether this parly should have a rehearing, and
the basis of our recommendation is that he did
not have the hearing before the Commissioner
to which he was entitled under the law. They
simply propose that he shall have that hearing.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. IIO All. "Will the gentleman from Rhode
Island yield to me at some time a few moments
to make a statement?
Mr. JENCKES. I will.
Mr. WOOD. 1 have not had an opportunity,
like the gentleman from Rhode Island, of mak-
ing myself familiar with this question, or with
the law in regard to the extension of patents,
orrehearings before the Commissioner. There-
fore, so far as the details of these proceedings
are concerned, I yield to the gentleman as pos-
sessing superior information. But as regards
this particular bill, which has been taken from
the Speaker's table to be passed over the Pres-
ident's veto, I think there are very serious and
grave objections to our concurring in the action
of the Senate. This patentee has had the full
benefit to be derived from his rights in this
invention, real or pretended. The President
has very properly, in my judgment—and I
think the House should sustain bis veto mes-
sage—refused to give his assent to the bill,
giving the party the right to have the case
reopened, and to have a new hearing; and to
obtain new rights under that hearing if he can.
Hcbas had fourteen years' enjoyment ofthebeu-
