1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend that by
lubstituting " fifty."
Mr. SHERMAN. Mine is an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. But on a question of figures
will not the largest number be put first ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the Senator will see
that by moving his amendment at this time he
excludes me from the opportunity of submit-
ting the question 1 o the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course,
if the Senator had put his motion first he
would have excluded me. The Senator can
vote against this motion. It is as broad as it
is long. My present amendment is to enlarge
the limit of thirty years in the second section
to forty years.
Mr. SUMNER. Then what I have to say
I will say on the Senator's motion. Is that
motion before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howard
in the chair.) The motion of the Senator from
Ohio is before the Senate, which is to strike
out "thirty" and insert "forty" in the second
SGCtlOD*
Mr. SUMNER. If it were in order I should
move to insert'' fifty'' instead of " thirty." It
will be remembered that on my motion the first
section was amended by inserting "forty"
instead of " twenty," so that this first class ot
bonds fell under the head of what are familiarly
known as ten-forties. Now, it seems to me
that the next class, being four and a half per
cents, should be fifteen-fifties; and I propose
to proceed with regard to the third class of
four per cents, and move that they shall be
twenty-sixties; and my reason for this I will
briefly assign.
For a six per cent, bond we have adopted the i
term of five-twenty. For a five per cent, bond i
we have adoptedthe term of ten-forty. Now,
just in proportion to the reduction of the in-
terest should there be a corresponding addi-
tion to the length of the bond. Carrying out j
the proportion already adopted in the history j
of our funding operations, and which is indi- |
cated by the two cases to which I have called
attention, to wit: that a six per cent, bond is
for five-twenty years, and a five per cent, bond
is for ten-forty years, then I submit that a four
and a half per cent, bond should be for fifteen-
fifty years, and by the same analogy a four per
cent, bond should be for twenty-sixty years.
If these changes were made the three classes
of bonds would be harmonized; the reduction
of interest would find a corresponding equiv-
alent in the duration of the bond. I should
like to have the attention of my friend, the
Senator from Ohio, to that point. I say that
the reduction of the interest should have a
corresponding equivalent in the duration of
the bond. .
Now, in the bonds as proposed by my friend,
if they should all be, for instance, for ten-forty
years, there is no corresponding equivalent for
the reduction of the interest. _ My object is to
obtain that, to present it in this proposition to
the public who will invest ia our bonds. I should
make the motion with a sincere purpose to
improve this measure, to make it as strong as
possible. I believe that if you go wft6 the mar-
ket with the three classes of bonds for the terms
that I have indicated you will be much stronger
than if you go into the market with three classes
of bonds on the terms now proposed by the
chairman of the committee. I think that his
proposition is unnecessarily feeble. The Sen -
ator will pardon me. I may use strong lan-
guage ; but he understands my meaning. He
does not make the case for our country as strong
as it might be made. Now, I wish the case
of my country made as strong as possible; and
I wish that when we go into the market with
these bonds they may be presented in such
form, on such terms as will best secure the
result. That will make them most popular in
the market, it will make them most available.
Is there anything lost by the proposition 7 1
reserve, you will understand, the power always
to pay. I do not alter the first term of the
bond, I only alter the last term; that is, the
bond may have a duration which under the
original terms of the bill it would not have,
but it will be within the reach of the Govern
men! precisely at the same time as under the
original terms of the bill. Therefore the Gov-
ernment will lose nothing, while the bonds will
have an additional value. I have already, on
a former occasion, somewhat at length, per-
haps too much at length, demonstrated the ;
difference between what is known as a short 1
bond and a long bond. A long bond will be |
popular in the market even at a small rate of
interest; and just in proportion as we put our
bonds at small interest must we give them
additional duration.
But then, sir, there is one other considera-
tion which stands behind all, and which with
me would be controlling, even if those I have
already assigned were not sufficient. It is that
I am unwilling in this bill to tie the hands of
the Government for the final payment of this
debt at the time specified in the bill as origin-
ally presented by the chairman of the commit-
tee. I wish to keep the term open, always
keeping the debt within the reach of the Gov-
ernment, but still not pledging the Government
to pay it. All this, you will see, is accomplished
by extending these terms.
If the ultimate term of the payment of all
these bonds should be fixed at forty years,
there is an indication, so far as this Congress
can furnish one, that within that time this debt
is to be redeemed. I have little doubt that it
will be redeemed within that time, but I am
unwilling now to make any promise upon that
subject. That question I leave to the future.
Let those who shall occupy these places some
. years hence consider whether they will assume
the obligation of completing the paymentof
this debt. I do not think that we ought to oblige
| them ; they should not be constrained to such
a duty.
As I have already stated, you have changed
I the first clause by inserting "forty" instead
of "twenty;" so that you provide for ten-
i forties. I would next provide for bonds at
fifteen-fifty, and then, next, bonds at twenty-
sixty. Thai would leave them , the term of
sixty years, sat the end'of Wich. the Govern-
ment wonld-be o"bligea to redeem all this debt,
although long within that time the whole debt j
would be within its control. i
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think
the proposition of the Senator from Massachu-
setts tends to weaken and depreciate the value ;
of the loan. As to the four per cent, bonds j
the bill provides that they shall be redeemable
at the end of twenty years and payable at the
end of forty years. He proposes to make the
forty sixty. The value of the bond to the bond-
holder depends upon the time when it is re-
deemable. The Government at the end of
twenty vears has a right to redeem the bond.
If that time is extended to thirty years it be-
comes more valuable to thebondholder, because
his investment is for a longer time ; but when
you add twenty to the forty years the bond-
holder gains nothing. This extension of tune
from twenty to forty years is simply intended
for the convenience of the Government, and
not to make the bond of any more value in the
hands of the bondholder. After the expi-
ration of twenty years, if the amendment pro-
nosed by the Senator should be adopted, the
bondholder holds his bond for fortyyears at
the mercy of the Government. Whenever
it suite the pleasure of the Government that
bond can be redeemed; and he is in a state
of uncertainty, and he does not know one day
whether he mil te entitled to hold his bond the
next day or not.
Money invested under such circumstances
is not as valuable to the man who invests it as
though he had a certainty and knew that if he
had his 'money in a bond he could depend upon
its investment there for any given number of
years. It appears to me that if the value of
these bonds was to be increased at all by a
change of time it would be either by adding
to the time at which they should become re-
deemable or reducing the time when they
should be payable, so that the bondholder
should not be kept in a state of uncertainty as
to his investment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator from
Oregon I think has placed this question in its
proper light. If you offer a bond to a party
redeemable in ten years and payable in twenty
years you add nothing to its value by chang-
ing the latter term and saying that it shall bs
redeemable in ten years and payable in forty
years. If men want to invest in a long loan
they want to place it beyond the power of the
Government to redeem within that time ; and
as the Senator from Oregon says, you must
lengthen the time when you have not the option
to redeem.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very obvious, as both
these honorable Senators assert, that the bond
would be much improved to the holder if you
limited the time of option for the Government.
But that is not the question. The question is
whether the bond is not improved in the first
place to the Government by lengthening the
time, and whether it is on that account in any
respect impaired in value to the bondholder.
To the Government it is a positive advantage ;
there is a larger period of option; the latitude
is greater; the time within which this bond can
be redeemed is extended. All that is advan-
tageous to the Government.
How is it to the bondholder himself? Sen-
; ators may have their sources of information;
i I have mine. I am instructed by those who
j ought to be informed on this subject that such
; a bond as I propose put in the market would
| have an advantage over the bond proposed by
! the committee. I am instructed by men famil-
iar with banking operations and with such
values that such a bond would find a better
i market than a bond with a shorter term ; and
j is it not natural that it should be so ? When
i a person puts his money in a bond he looks
at the terms, and he has at least this long
i chance after the first term is expired. You
1 may fnH it a chance the as
to its duration. It may be long or short "; and
the bond will have a value which is in propor-
tion to its length. I am sure I cannot De mis-
taken ; and yet when I listen to my honorable
friend from Connecticut I have reason to feel
that I must be mistaken; but if I am I have
been misinformed, though I have counseled
with others having information on that sub-
ject only second to himself. And yet I must
come back to my original conclusion, that the
longer bond is a stronger bond than the phort
01Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Tfws Senator from
Massachusetts is not iniiitfji'Wi in the idea that
a long bond, or a bo£$ Where the Government
shall have its option to redeem for a great
length of tim0}Js an advantage to the Govern-
ment; bat just so much as it is an advantage
to the Government so much is it to the dis-
advantage of the purchaser and the owner of
the bond. It is this disadvantage which pre-
vents you from going into the market and get-
ting the price which you would otherwise get
for the bonds; so that while ft is an advantage
to the Government on the one side it is also
a disadvantage to the Government from the
fact that you cannot negotiate your bonds so
wellB
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] to the fact that his amendment is
imperfect. I think the criticism of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is correct. This amendment
would authorize the whole'.debt, as it now stands,
to be funded into a five per cent, bond, because
there is no limitation as to the amount that
may be funded in the five percent bona. It
authorizes the Secretary to fund tbe whole debt
into either one ofthebonds authorized. Now,
