1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. NORTON. I do not say who is respons-
ible for it. I say it i8 the fact; and as the
Senator from Connecticut referred to it the
. other day, the Governor of Georgia is exer-
cising the powers of the king of Great Britain.
■He prorogues and adjourns and makes the
Legislature of the State of Georgia take a recess.
■ Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the Senator will
permit me to tell him, if the Governor of Geor-
gia is exercising any such functions he derives
nis right from the king of Great Britain and
not from the President of the United States or
from the law.
Mr. NORTON. I do not care where he gets
his right, nor where he claims it; but I do
insist that the American Congress, when such
things are going on, should inquire into them
rather than into the propriety of affixing fund-
amental conditions to the admission of a State.
Mr. THAYER. With the consent of the
Senator from Minnesota, I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Minnesota yield for that purpose?
Mr. NORTON. I yield to that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Nebraska withdraw that motion for a moment
to allow me to make a statement?
Several Senators. No, no ; let us adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nebraska yield or decline to yield?
Mr. STEWART. I ask him to withdraw his
motion for a moment that I may say a word?
Mr. THAYER. I will hear the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
yields for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. I simply desire to ask that
some hour to-morrow be fixed at which we can
take a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not again; once
is enough.
Mr. SUMNER. No hour can be fixed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us sit it out
to-night.
Mr. STEWART. Then I hope the Senate
will not adjourn.
- Mr. THAYER. I renew my motion that
th6 Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion. Wo may as well decide
now whether we can ever dispose of Virginia
or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bor&man,
Brownlow, Cameron, Drake, Edmunds, rentou,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont,Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,Pratt,Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, bpencer,
Sumner,Thayer, Tipton, Wilson, and xates—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cole, Cragin, Ferry, Hamilton, Harlan,
Howe, Nye, Patterson, Iloss, Sherman, felewart,
Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey, and
Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattoll, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Davis, Norton, Pool, Sawyer, Sprague, and
Thurman—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 18, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Boiler,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
j. m, iiutciiings and .t. c. lamon.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back the bill (EL R. No. 184) to confirm to
J. M. Hatchings and J. C. Lamon their pre-
emption claims in the Yosemite valley, in the
State of California, with a report in writing,
and moved that the bill and report be recom-
mitted to the committee, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr, DAWES, I Trill my to say friend from
Indiana that the condition of the public busi-
ness is such that I am obliged to move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order oj? business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] is entitled to the floor on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (H. R. No. 593) to apportion the repre-
sentation of the several States in the House of
Representatives for the Forty-Second Congress
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PAINE. I have no objection to yield-
ing a few minutes to gentlemen who have bills
to introduce, if it will not be taken out of my
time. But before I do so I wish to state to the
House that I propose to ask the House to have
a morning hour to-day. It is impossible for us
to proceed with the business which is before
the committees unless we shall adhere as rigidly
as possible to our rule establishing a morn-
ing hour. There is already a bill before the
House, during the morning hour, reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, which ought
to be disposed of, and it is to be followed, as I
know myself, by a large number of very im-
portant bills that need speedy action. After I
have vielded for a reasonable time to gentle-
men 1 shall ask the House to postpone the
further consideration of the apportionment bill
now pending until after the morning hour, so as
to give the House a morning hour to-day. I
will yield now to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore,]
The SPEAKER. The time yielded by the
gentleman will have to come out of his hour.
Mr. PAINE. It is impossible for me to
yield, for the reason that I have already prom-
ised all the time that I do not consume myself
to others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair deemed it due
to the gentleman to state that such is the case.
If the gentleman chooses to yield he does it
on that condition.
Mr. PAINE. Then I am compelled to move
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until the expiration of the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
bronze books of the capitol.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the architect of the Uni-
ted States Capitol extension, in answer to a
resolution of the House of January 13, 1870,
in relation to the bronze doors now in the pas-
sage leading from the Rotunda to the Hall of
the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
commodore thomas ap c. jones.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting certain papers relating to the claim
of the estate of the late Commodore Thomas
Ap C. Jones ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
david's island hospital.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, asking for the appropriation _ of
$10,000 to purchase the buildings on David's
Island, East river, for marine hospital pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
election expenses is tkxas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a copy of a communi-
cation from the commanding general of the
fifth military district urging the immediate
appropriation of $121,508 43 to defray the ex-
r-TiSfs of the ''scent C"!ectior) i;i Texas; whk'tj.
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
washington aqueduct.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House
of December 7, 1869, inclosing a statement of
the amounts appropriated and expended for the
construction and completion of the Washington
aqueduct under several acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
cumberland, maryland,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Quartermaster
General in relation to a piece of land near
Cumberland, Maryland, purchased for and in
behalf of the United States and without the
requisite authority of law on May 2, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
estimates from interior department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, inclosing a copy of a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to some
errors in the book of estimates, and requesting
that the same may be referred to the appro-
priate committee; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
fort gratiot, michigan.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of July
20,1868, providing for the sale of a portion of
the Fort Gratiot military reservation, in the
State of Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
hyannis, massachusetts.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of De-
cember 11, 1869, transmitting a report of the
chief of engineers upon the condition of the
breakwater at Hyannis, Massachusetts; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
military pensions.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House an extract from the
report of the Adjutant General of the Army
for the year 1808; recommending the adoption
of a system of military pensions, and submit-
ting a draft of a proposed law upon the sub-
ject ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
housatonic river, connecticut.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of
December 18, 1869, transmitting a report of
the chief of engineers upon the survey of the
Ilousatonic river, below Derby, in Connecti-
cut ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
public buildings in missouri.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State
for the State of Missouri, inclosing a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Missouri, in
reference to public buildings for the accom-
modation of the poet office and United States
district court; which was referred to the Gom-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
oaths og officials in texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War*
inclosing a petftkm from ccrt«Q oixmm Ql
