2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
as scrap iron old wagon tires, old horseshoes,
and all that kind of iron, and new refuse iron,
like lathe turnings, iron parings, punchings,
and the thousand things that go to make steel;
for as everybody knows hammered iron is the
best iron from which to make steel. The old
stub-and-twist barrel—the very best gun-barrel
in the world—was made out of the stubs of old
horseshoe nails. The effeetof this proposition
would be that such materials must pay a duty
of$22 40perton. Havingexplained myamend-
ment, I have only to add that under the phrase-
ology I propose I do not see how the objections
(is to fraud can be sustained.
Mr. KELLBY. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out "or" and in-
serting " and." A great deal has been said on
this floor about both revenue and protection,
and the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, monosyllabic as it is, strikes
heavily at both protection and revenue. The
gentleman from Massachusetts said that the
only proof we have had upon this question is
from the custom-house in Philadelphia. I beg
leave to bay that the Committee of Ways and
Means had before them the collector of the
port of Boston and other customs officers.
We received full statements as to the evasions
of the spirit of the law, which cannot be
prevented under the existing phraseology. In
New "iork and elsewhere we heard of these
evasions; at every custom house at any con-
siderable port of entry we heard that the
revenues were being defrauded by bar iron
and other advanced classes of iron being
punched into form, so as to embody more labor
than bar iron itself, and yet being imported as
scrap iron under the low duty. The commit-
tee, after considerable investigation and hear-
ing much testimony, devised the provision by
which scrap iron proper or cast iron should be
admitted at one rate, while new iron cut or
punched to shapes should pay another rate of
duty.
A Member. That is not in the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will find
in the next clause of the bill a provision with
reference to these things:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
including ends, clippings, and punchings of new iron,
Jess finished than bars, and more advanced than |>ig
iron, except eastings, X cent per pound.
Now, sir, I recur to the Treasury report in
18G7, 1868, and 1869, to show the importation
of this class of iron. In 18G7 80,962 tons were
imported. In the next two years we get the
amount in hundred weights. In 1808 the quan-
tity imported was 1,000,730 hundred weight—
about 80,000 tons—nearly three times as much
as in 1867. In the next year, 1860, the quan-
tity imported was 2,559.823 hundred weight,
or 139,000 tons. Thus, in two years the im-
portation increased from 30,000 tons to 139,000
tons. This should have paid a duty of 1 cent
to I.) cent a pound; but it came in as scrap
iron under the scrap-iron duty. Therefore
the gentleman's "or" is an "or" that will
strike out of the Treasury $1,000,000 a year.
It is an "or" which allows iron advanced by
labor to come in at a cheaper rate than crude
pig iron. I have made the argument more than
once that the labor in iron represents the corn
of the West, its wool, its wheat, its mules and
oxen and horses laboring at the forge and the
foundery. Hence this is a blow at the laboring
mechanic as well as at the market of the
western farmer. A monosyllable was never
more mischievous than this would be. I with-
draw my pro forma amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I hope the vote will be
taken on this amendment, that the committee
may rise.
On the amendment of Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, there were—ayes 25, noes 62; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Is that motion in order
when there is no quorum?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no evi-
dence that there is no quorum present.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Cessna having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeleb reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to order of the House, had had under
consideration the state of theUnion generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
ten o'clock and thirty minutesp. m.,) theHouse
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e'., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of Reuben
Denny, of Pulaski county, Kentucky, praying
for pay for property destroyed by the military
forces of the United States.
By Mr. ASPER : The petition of W. A.
Shetten and others, citizens of Unionville,
Putnam county, Missouri, asking that a pen-
sion be allowed by special act of Congress to
the widow of Joseph R. Stitle, lieutenant com:
panyD, eighteenth Missouri volunteer infantry
in the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. AXTELL : The petition of General
David D. Colton and GO others, merchants and
business men of San Francisco, praying for
the erection of buildings for Government pur-
poses on the custom-house block in that city.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Isaac N.
Sheppard, of Boyle county, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens of
Webster, Douglas, and Ozark counties, fourth
congressional district of Missouri, praying for
a mail route from Mishfield to Gainsville.
Also, a petition of citizens of the fourth con-
gressional district of Missouri, praying for a
mail route from Long Lane PostOffice, Dallas
county, Missouri, to Hartville, Wright county,
Missouri.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of William
Noble, for increase of pension.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: Resolutions of the
Common Council of Newark, New Jersey, in
favor of making Jersey City a port of entry.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: Apetition of 400 citi-
zens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
that no reduction be made from the present
duties on pig iron.
Also, a petition of citizens of same place,
of like import.
By Mr. McNBELY: The petition of Hon.
L, W. Ross and 101 others, citizens of Fulton
county, Illinois, asking that the national bank
notes be withdrawn from circulation and their
place supplied with legal-tender notes ; that
in addition thereto $200,000,000 of five-twenty
bonds now due be redeemed with legal-tender
notes, and that banking be made free to all.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of Jesse
Baldwin and P. Jacobs, of Youngstown, Ohio,
asking the Senate and House of Representatives
" to pay the greenback debt of the United States
on the base of its creation also giving their
reasons therefor, and showing " that a promise
to pay a dollar is not a dollar; and secondly,
that it is no more just to the honest creditor
who has coin dollars due him to force him to
take paper promises therefor than to compel
the people to pay coin dollars for " promise to
pay dollars."
By Mr. ROGERS: The petitions of West
L. Jones, of Calhoun county, George A. Proc-
tor, of Washita county, and Willoughby Wil-
liams, jr., of Jefferson county, all in the State
of Arkansas, for removal of their political
disabilities.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Joseph
G. McNutt, captain and fioting quartermaster
United States Army, praying for allowance for
moneys expended by him on account of the
Government.
By Mr. STEVENS: A petition of 47 em-
ployes of the Navy Department, praying that
their salaries may not be taxed, when other
incomes are exempt.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of William
J. Clark, administrator on the estate of G. E.
Upson, deceased, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 19,1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. McCREERY. I object
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
"washington homeopathic society.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 226) to incor-
porate the Washington Homeopathic Medical
Society.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the third section of the bill,
in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the members
of said society shall not be liable to be mustered ia
the militia of the District of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What society is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Washington
Homeopathic Medical Society.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should they not do
militia duty, I should like to know?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House pro-
poses to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the amendment will
be concurred in, and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
washington foundling hospital.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating a hospital
for foundlings in the city of Washington.
The amendments were, in section three, line
three, after the word "directors," strike out
all down to the word "board" in the same sec-
tion ; and in the last section, after the word
" Columbia," to insert " Congress may at any
time-alter, amend, or repeal this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part of section three proposed
to be stricken out.
The Secretary. The amendment in the
third section is, in line three, after the word
"directors," to strike out the following words:
To consist of one Senator to be appointed by the
President of the Senate, two Representatives to be
appointed by the Speaker of the House; these direct-
ors to hold their offices for the term of a single Con-
gress, and to be eligible to a reappointment, and in
addition thereto the first seven of the above-named
incorporators, or such further number as may be
required : such increase of numbers to be made by a
vote of a majority of the existing board.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted. That th.e manage-
ment of said hospital shall be under the control of a
board of ten directors. The board of directors shall
a.so have power to appoint all officers and committees
necessary to the proper administration of the affairs
ot the hospital.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
national theological institute.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House ot* Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construction of
an act to incorporate the National Theological
Institute, approved May 10, 1866, and also an
act to amend an act entitled An act to incor--
