1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
I will suggest to the Senator to make the fol-
lowing amendments: after authorizing the
five per cent ten-twenty bond to say "not
exceeding $400,000,000;" after authorizing the
four and a half per cent, bond to say " not ex-
ceeding $400,000,000;" and after authorizing
the four per cent, bond, to say " not exceed-
ing $600,000,000." That will make $1,400,-
000,000 altogether; and I think that is enough.
I suggest also, instead of saying fifty years as
to the four per cent, bonds, to say forty years.
This would in effect turn over $000,000,000 to
the next generation ; and I think we ought to
do it. We ought to fix upon some sum now
which we say we will leave to the next gener-
ation, and get that in a long bond.
But I think the argument of the Senator from
Connecticut is correct, that as the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts and
as the bill now stands they are simply ten,
fifteen, and twenty year bonds. These bonds
will only be considered as running as long as
the time for redemption. There is no differ-
ence between saying a ten-forty bond and a ten-
year bond. It is only a ten-year bond, because
the purchaser will understand that the Govern-
ment intends, when the time comes around to
redeem it, either to pay it off by a new loan or
to pay it off out of the revenue, to take advan-
tage in some form of the right of redemption.
Therefore they are virtually only ten, fifteen,
and twenty year bonds. We do not get the
advantage of time. But in providing for a four
per cent, loan let us say "payable at the end
of forty years' and if we want to pay it inside
of that we can buy it in the markets of the
world, as we are doing now. We do not get
the advantage of time. We want to reduce the
interest without furnishing an equivalent to the
purchaser.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to accept the
amendments suggested by the Senator from
Indiana if such be the judgment of the Senate.
But it does seem to me that the Senator is
mistaken, and I will state the reason why I
think so. It is not for the business interests
of the country to fund our debt unless we can
save interest. That is all there is in it. The
object is to get a six per cent, bond converted
into a five, four and a half, or four per cent,
bond and save that much interest. It is against
the business interests of the country to have
this funding bill passed at all. It disturbs the
money and business markets. It brings a great
loan on the market, and is not for the interests
of the business men of the country, except per-
haps of the money-changers. All we want to
do now is to save interest.
If the persons who hold $1,600,000,000 of
the six per cent, bonds of the United States
would step forward and say to this Government,
"We will exchange our six per cent, bonds for
five per cent, bonds," I think it would be wise
on the part of the Government to accept that
offer. But I do not believe we could get
$100,000,000 out of this $1,600,000,000 so
changed except by forcing people to make the
change. Suppose the Senator from Indiana
were fortunate enough, and I wish he were, to
own $1,000,000 of six per cent, bonds, and the
Secretary of" the Treasury should say to him,
" I will give you ten-forty five per cent, bonds
for your six per cent, bonds," would he agree
to it? Your six per cent, bonds are hardly at
par yet. Your five per cent, bonds are not at
par, and probably will not be for some time
to come. Who will hurry to exchange your
six per cents. ? I think if you put your five
per cent, bonds into the market you can sell
them, but not so rapidly as Senators seem to
think. There are other people in the world
who are in the market also. There are vast
railroad interests there offering better induce-
ments than you do, and a great many people
consider their securities quite as safe as the
bonds of your Government. If we could reduce
the interest on these bonds from six per cent,
to five per cent. I would close with such a
proposition at once, and think we had made
a good bargain. There is no doubt it would
be for our interest to do it. But if on account
of a bond running twenty-forty years people
will agree to take them at four and a half per
cent., it will be to our advantage to allow them
to do so.
Sir, we should not pay all this debt in haste.
We ought not to do it. Let it run on a few
years. We are increasing in population and
wealth; in wealth three times more rapidly
than in population. Why should not the accu-
mulations of the future and the population of
the future help to pay this debt? All we
should do now is to get time, and Senators
know it.
Senators hope to effect a loan at four per
cent., and yet they are afraid to fix the period
of payment at fifty years. Why, sir, the term
of fifty years was inserted in the amendment
for this purpose: that it would induce institu-
tions that want time and want everything steady
to purchase a portion of our bonds at four per
cent. But you will not sell a great quantity
of them. You may force them on the banks,
but you will have but few hundred millions of
these bonds taken at four per cent. They
would not be worth to-day more than 87 or 90
anywhere in the world; and probably if a few
of them were purchased it would be a long time
before they would command a premium any-
where, and in our own country a very longtime
indeed.
Then, if hereafter we have the money on
hand, and we want to extinguish this debt, we
can go into the market and purchase our four
per cent, bonds. They will be but very little
above par. The amount that we will have to
pay more than their par value, I take it, will be
very little indeed. Why, sir, the British three
per cents, are below par. How does it happen,
when we are not paying specie, when we have
such a currency as we have, when we have this
vast amount of indebtedness in the country,
when our six per cent, bonds do not rule any-
where in the world at par, that Senators think
they are going to get this money at four per
cent., and are afraid to allow persons who may
offer to take afew millions of them atfiftyyears
to do so because it is such a long time? I wish
the whole of the debt was taken at four per
cent, for a hundred years. I wish the bankers
of the world would come to us and say, " We
will take all the six per cent, bonds you have
at four per cent, if you will give us one hundred
years.'' I would give a thousand years, and run
the risk of buying them in the markets of the
world whenever they were offered. The amount
that you would have to payin premiums forthe
next half century would be little indeed.
Senators tell us that they do not want to take
up all of this $1,600,000,000. Why not?
What is the object of this bill? Why are we
spending all this time talking about funding?
Why are we disturbing the whole business in-
terests of the country, as we are to-day, in talk-
ing here about funding? There is not a busi-
ness man in America who does not feel the
pressure of it, and everybody knows it. It is
to save interest, and ultimately to lighten the
burdens of the people. I want the whole of
this $1,600,000,000 funded. Why not? If you
have any money you have other indebtedness
to meet. You owe $2,400,000,000. Some
seven or eight hundred millions of it are in dif-
ferent conditions, and you have to pay them.
Why do Senators fear putting the whole of this
$1,600,000,000 of six per cent, bonds into five
per cent, bonds ? They will have no money
with which to redeem them for the next ten
years. They will have enough to do to raise the
money to redeem their other debts. It will be
in their power to redeem them if they choose
to do so. I take it the five per cent, bonds
will always be in the market to be purchased
perhaps a little above par, and but very little
indeed.
It seems to me the wise thing, the generous
thing for us to do, is to offer to the whole
world, to everybody who holds our six per cent.
bonds, to come forward and give us their six
per cent, bonds and take five per cent, ten-
forties, four andahalf percent, twenty-forties,
or four per cent, fifty-year bonds in exchange ;
and then if we want to redeem them we will
go into the markets of the world and pay the
premium that may be upon them. The fact
that parties may entertain the idea that we will
have the means to go into the markets of.the
world and purchase them before the time is
out will add strength to the bonds. They will
feel that the Government may be in the mar-
ket, that the bonds may go a little above par,
and that they make one, two, or three per
cent, upon them.
If I had my way I would not pay more than
twenty or twenty-five million dollars annually
for the next ten years. Then for the following
ten years I would perhaps pay live or six hun-
dred million dollars. 1 would make the enor-
mous property of the country twenty, thirty, or
forty years hence and the increased popula-
tion of the country contribute something to the
mighty blessings that we have given them by
our sacrifices in this generation.
Sir, I believe this proposition ought to be
tried. I believe that the debt would be taken
up, not all of it, at five per cent., but a por-
tion of it; a portion of it at four and one half
per cent., and some of it at four per cent. But
if your four per cent, bond is put on the mar-
ket at ten, twenty, twenty-five, or forty years
very little of it will be taken voluntarily by
anybody.
Now, sir, if the Senate think that we had
better dole this matter out and limit our five
per cents, to $400,000,000, lam willing to do
it. In fact, I shall vote for this measure if all
the amendments offered to it are voted down.
I assure the Senator who has charge of the bill
that I intend to vote for it. But I take it what
we want to do is to get the best we can get, and
it is a question for us to consider and not for
anybody else outside of this Chamber. It is
for the Congress of the United States to determ-
ine these results and it is for others to execute.
I have full, complete, entire confidence in the
Secretary of the Treasury. I have known him
from early manhood. There is no man in
America in whose integrity and fidelity I have
more confidence. I have full trust in him.
But, sir, we want to do the best we can, and as
we are to put these bonds upon the market I
wish to reduce our interest everywhere upon
this entire five-twenty six per cent, bond to a
lower rate.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator if it would not meet his views to amend
the second section so as to make these bonds
twenty-thirties? That would be a better pro-
portion and give the Government a shorter
option. They would have the option after
twenty years to pay that $400,000,000. Then
I suggest to him to strike out in the last section
the option of twenty years altogether, making
the bonds forty-year bonds absolutely. Would
not that meet the Senator's views?
Mr. WILSON. I will make this suggestion
to the Senator: we want as many of these bonds
taken at four and a half per cent, instead of
five as we can get, and we want to offer such
terms as will induce the people to take them.
It seems to me that a twenty-forty bond isabout
as good as we can offer. All that we have got
to put against the holders of our six per cent,
bonds is time. We have got no better security.
If we higgle about this little matter of time the
amount of it will be that they will take less of
your four and a half per cent, bonds and less
of your four per cent, bonds.
Sir. CORBETT. I understand the Senator
wishes to put off the payment of these four
per cents, absolutely to fifty years. Now, in
that four per cent, bond I propose to strike out
the option of the Government. This provides
for twenty-forties.
Mr. WILSON. In the amendment I have
offered there is no option. It is simply a fifty-
year bond.
