550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IS,
Texas, forwarded by the commander of the
fifth military district, for the enactment of a
law requiring all persons elected to office in
that State to take the oath prescribed by article
twelve of the State Constitution; which was
referred-to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
tucker vs. booker, virginia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of George Tucker vs. George W. Booker, from
the State of Virginia ; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
contested election hinds vs. sherrod.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Jerome
J. Hinds vs. William C. Sherrod, from the sixth
congressional district of Alabama; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections,
ninth census.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a report of the Committee on the Ninth Census;
which, on motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
navy-yard at league island.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now begun, and the House, as the regular order,
resumes the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 480) for the transfer of the Philadelphia
navy-yard to League Island.
Mr. DAWES addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, in most of
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] I heartily concur; and if I
believed this bill was to be followed by an
application for an appropriation of $800,0001
would unite in voting with him to lay it upon
the table. Bat the bill involves and implies
no necessity for such an appropriation or any
considerable immediate appropriation. Such
a sum as it was proposed to appropriate to the
old yard last year, and which on my motion—
the gentleman speaks of the eagerness of the
Representatives of Philadelphia for appropria-
tions-of this kind—was, I repeat, on my motion
reduced fifty percent., would be all that would
be required to enable the Navy Department to
practice great economy in general adminis-
tration, while laying the foundation of a naval
station quite equal to that at Chatham, upon
which England has expended more millions of
pounds sterling than we would require millions
of dollars to complete this from year to year
through a long future.
The gentleman doubtless meant to give the
House a fair statement of all the facts touching
League Island. He began with its early his-
tory, but failed to give us its later story. When
he read from an official report I asked for its
date and received no answer, but in the imme-
diate context he spoke of what magical effects
might have occurred within the last three years,
implying, quite unwittingly I am sure, lor he
did not mean to be uncandid, that the report
from which he read was not older than three
years. I know its age and secret history. It
was made in 1862. It was made by a board
of able and honorable men, who subsequently
discovered that by adopting a preliminary res-
olution submitting all questions of survey to the
engineer assigned to their service they had put
it into the power of a man not faithful to the
Government and its interests to lead them to
make a report abounding in misstatements of
fact, and, consequently, unjust inferences. The
Government, becoming convinced of this fact,
and that the engineer, finding himself in exclu-
sive power, had refused to bore the island, and
had bored the alluvial accretions only, and had
based his report on the results thus obtained,
ordered further investigations to be made, not
only by naval officers, not only by naval en-
gineers, but by one of the ablest civil engineers
connected with the Coast Survey, who was
directed to bore the island at many points and
send the results of his borings, incased in bot-
tles. to the Navy Department. This was done;
and gentlemen can call at the Department
and scrutinize the soil of League Island. When
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] addressed the House the other day he
ignored the results disclosed by forty-two bor-
ings of this island, and quoted the report of
the engineer who had proved false to the duty
confided to him. I have the accepted report
here; and recurring to what the gentleman
from Wisconsin said and to what the then elo-
quent Representative of New London said
about this island, that it was a mass of ooze
which would flow away if not fastened in by a
sea-wall, I turn to the report of George David-
son, assistant, United States Coast Survey,
made to the Government on March 22, 1864.
He
" In aooordance with your instructions, received
February 20,1 immediately made preparations for
the required borings on League Island.
" To avoid error as much as practicable they have
been made through east-iron tubing of eight inches
internal diameter; and that this report may be prop-
erly illustrated, I herewith forward a box contain-
ing forty-two specimens of the different borings at
various depths, and a map showing the positions of
these and previous borings. I was upon the island
nearly every working day, and in most instances
removed the specimens from the auger myself or
received them from the pump.
" While the regular borings were in progress I
instituted other examinations upon the island,
such as forcing a steel-pointed iron rod through the
alluvial deposit; digging through the upper clayey
stratum of surface soil to the fine sand stratum;
examining the stone embankment to detect any point
of settling; measuring the oak and maple trees, and
ascertaining their ages by cutting; studying the sys-
tem of drainage, and oxamming the gravel hills
on the north of tho island."
Now, after the examinations what were
the conclusions at which he arrived and the
convictions to which Congress was led ? They
were as follows:
" The borings and examinations which I have this
day finished and have herein desoribed establish the
following conclusions:
" 1. That the surface soil averages about three and
a half feet in thickness over the whole island; that it
is a stiff, yellowish, clayey material, easily cut when
wet, and very hard when dry.
"2. That beneath this surface soil there is astratum
of very fine sand, laminated in places with dark
olayoy matter. Where this lamination exists there
is an average of twelve la.yers of each to the inch.
This fine sand stratum reaches an average depth of
about twenty-live or twenty-six feet over two thirds
of the embanked part of the island. At tho extreme
eastern and narrow end of theisland itis aboutforty-
five feet in thickness. This stratum is not water-
bearing, although water is formed near the surface
under the clayey soil. It is damp and compact.
" 3. That beneath the fine sand stratum lies tho
coarse sand, gravel, and boulder stratum, which was
passed through at No. 2 to thecoarse sand stratum."
I specially invite the attention of gentlemen
to the last conclusion. I regret that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is
not present to hear the final conclusion of this
report, made subsequently to that to which he
invited our attention:
"4. That with suoh material it is not necessary to
use any piling for such machine-shops and machin-
ery as abound in Philadelphia, nor for machine-shops
or buildings of the heaviest description; that proper
foundations may be laid on an average about six feet
below the surface ot the fine sa,nd stratum; that for
the heaviest trip-hammers, for tho heaviest trains
of rolls, and for launching-ways it maybe necessary
to drive piling to the stratum of sand, gravel, and
boulders. This opinion, in my mind, amounts to
oonviction."
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till to-morrow.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
has the floor on the bill with reference to the
apportionment of representation.
APPORTIONMENT Of- REPRESENTATION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 5'J3) to apportion the represent-
ation of the several States in the House of
Representatives for the Forty-Second Congress
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I have expended
much time and labor on the attempt to arrive
at the most accurate estimate of the repre-
sentation to which the several States will be
entitled under the next census which the cir-
cumstances of the case render practicable. I
have framed two estimates with great care;
one upon the theory that the next House shall
consist of three hundred members, and the other
upon a basis of fwo hundred and seventy-five
members. And I am about to state to. the
House not only the conclusions which I have
reached, but also the mode by which I arrived
at those conclusions, so as to enable the House
to judge as to the correctness of the estimates
I have formed j and I will say that I have fol-
lowed wherever those figures have led me until
I reached the final summing up and ascertained
what the result would be.
The result deduced from, these figures, I will
also say, has astonished me in some respects,
as I doubt not it will astonish many members
of the House. I found, for example—to take
a single case, that of Massachusetts—that there
is a good explanation for the members of this
House and for the people of this country of the
fact that Massachusetts has upon this floor a
representation apparently so great in propor-
tion to the vote which she casts. And I have
found that the same explanation which is good
in the case of Massachusetts is also good in the
case of many other States which are repre-
sented here in excess of the number of Repre-
sentatives to whioh they would seem to be enti-
tled if we were to look only" to the vote they
cast. I have found that a single vote cast by
a Representative on this floor does not in every
district represent the same number of people.
I have found that the disparity is much greater
than I had supposed it to be.
This is the mode I have adopted to arrive at
the figures which I am about to give: we have
had no census taken since 1860; of course
any attempt to estimate the number of Repre-
sentatives to which Massachusetts or any other
State would be entitled upon a recent actual
enumeration of the people would be out of the
question. But it happened that a census of
the people of the United States was taken and
a presidential election was held in the year
1860. I have therefore looked, in the first
place, at the popular vote in 1860 and at the
population of the United States in the same
year, and from a comparison of the two have
derived a rule which I have applied to the
popular vote at the presidential election of
1868.
I have before me a table which enables me
to give the House the exact number of people
represented by each vote in each State in the
Union. That number is obtained by a com-
parison of the number of people in the several
States according to the last census with the
number of votes cast for President of the United
States at the presidential election of 1860. Let
me give a few specimens of the results so
obtained. It appears from that comparison,
for example, that in the State of Connecticut
one vote represents a population of j in
the State of Illinois one vote represents a popu-
lation of Sjlfk; in the State of Indiana one vote
represents a population of 4^% ; in the State
of Maino one vote represents a population of
; in Michigan, in Minnesota, 4;
in Ohio, 5^; in Wisconsin, Sj0^. But in the
State of Massachusetts one vote stands for a
population of Tjpo7®; and in the State of Rhode
Island one vote represents a population of
8AV Now, I have assumed in the figures
which I have made out that the same ratio
which existed in 1860 .continues to exist in
1868. That will doubtless be true as a general
proposition, but that rule will need correction
m several of the States. For example, it will
need correction in California, because in 1860
the ratio of voters to people was much greater
than it now is ; it will need correction in the
State of Oregon for the same reason; it will need
correction in the State of Arkansas for other
reasons, which will at once suggest themselves
to the minds of all who take into consideration
