1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
Mr. CORBETT. That is what I proposed
to make it in committee. What I wish to do
is to strike out the option of twenty years and
make it absolute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind the Sen-
ator that no amendment is now in order.
Mr. CORBETT. I am speaking to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and asking him if such a proposition
would not meet his views.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark to the Senator from Oregon that
the immediate question before the Senate is
on the motion to strike out "thirty" in line
seven of section two and to insert "forty."
That is the immediate question before the
Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. And upon that I will say
that that would make the proposition still
more objectionable than it is at present. The
Senator from Ohio by that amendment gives
the Government the option after fifteen years,
making them payable in forty years. I do not
see why the Government wants an option of
twenty-five years. Cannot they tell within
twenty-five years when they will pay these
bonds? It seems to me that that is making
the section still worse than it is at present. If
the bonds were made redeemable after twenty
years and payable in thirty years, that in my
opinion would be nearer the right thing. It
seems to me that the Government does not
want an option longer than ten years. They
can tell within ten years whether they can pay
this $400,000,000 or not. I shall vote against
the amendment, because I think the time men-
tioned is disproportionate.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, we have often
been reminded in the experience of the world
that when a great crisis arose a great genius
would come with it. The civil wars in Great
Britain raged a great many years before Crom-
well appeared. Our late civil war raged for
some time before Grant appeared. And this
debate lasted a good while before my friend,
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] appeared. But I was struck
with his appearance when he did come. He
adduced at once two striking evidences of being
the man who understood this subject. The
first evidence was that he had sat silent here
a great while while the debate was going
on about him. The second was that he pro-
duced a proposition which I am about to tes-
tify—if there could be any further testimony
adduced, understanding the subject, my evi-
dence I take it would be conclusive on the
subject—is the most sensible proposition I
have heard yet. I am going to vote for it, and
vote for it with all my might and as it stands,
unless somebody persuades me that I do not
understand how it does stand. I do not think
it needs any amendment.
If we agree to this amendment, and the
Secretary of the Treasury finds that there is
some capital in the world which is willing to
take your bonds at five per cent., and that
there is $400,000,000 of such capital, it will
have the privilege of taking them. If he finds
capital which is willing to take bonds on a
longer time at four and a half per cent., that
capital will still have the privilege just as
ample and complete as they have it under the
bill as reported by the Committee on finance.
If he finds any capital that is willing to talcs
your bonds on a still longer time at four per
cent., that privilege is still open. Whereas,
if we agree to the three sections proposed by
the Committee on Finance, and we should hap-
pen to find capital so short-sighted as that it
would only take bonds at five per cent., and
on ten years, then, when the Secretary of the
Treasury had funded $400,000,000 there would
be the end of the operation of the bill, and
you would then be paying five per cent, on
$400,000,000, and six per cent, interest on the
balance of your debt. Is it worth while to
leave the Secretary in that position ? Capital,
1 say, will have just as ample opportunities to
come to your relief at a lower rate of interest
under the amendment as under the proposition
of the bill reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance. On the other hand, if we stand upon
the proposition of the Committee on Finance
you restrict not capital, but the Treasury.
This is all I need to say of the reasons why
I shall support this amendment. I say I like
it better than any proposition that has been
made, and I like the speech with which my
friend, the Senator from Massachusetts, en-
forced it, all except in one particular. I con-
fess itrather hurts me when I hear distinguished
Senators about me get up and protest that this
Government cannot borrow money at four and
a half or four per cent. I declare, if the Finance
Committee were to advertise a loan here at two
and a half per cent., with the condition that
the borrowers should dedicate the whole inter-
; est to some poor fund or some charity, my love
! of country would induce me to insist that it
was a practical thing; that capital would jump
at the privilege of taking it; and so I have not
intimated the slightest doubt but that you will
find capital ready to take these four per cent.
, bonds. I shall not sit down and cry if it does
not turn out so. If they do not take it it will
i not be because I have discouraged their taking
! it; and so I wish my friend would be a little
' particular about how he does it.
! Mr. CONKLING. Not speak so loud when
, he does it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Precisely so; not speak so
I loud. The truth about it is, Mr. President,
, we do not know how easily we may discourage
I and deter capital. Just listening to the Sen-
ator myself I made up my mind that I would
! not take this four per cent, loan; and who
j knows that I should not have done it if he had
! kept still ? [Laughter.] I shall vote for this
j amendment with a great deal of pleasure, and
I I hope it may be adopted.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
! is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
! strike out the word " thirty" and insert the
word " forty" in section two, line seven.
! Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, there are
two propositions only, in my judgment, in this
i bill: one to withdraw the greenbacks from the
market, and the other to compensate a large
interest in funding the public debt. The ques-
tion that now arises is, shall the Government
pat it beyond its power to make any other loan
than that provided within the ten, fifteen, or
twenty years? The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] advocates the idea that the
loan should be made payable at the option of
the Government at any time. The considera-
tions that he urges are known to the Senate
and to the country.
Two considerations strike me as important.
If his colleague is to be relied upon as giving a
correct version of what is to be the prosperity
and the accumulated wealth of the country from
this time henceforth, if his conviction that the
credit of the country is to be increased hence-
forward be true, it strikes me that with that
credit a much better loan can be obtained than
we can obtain to-day. If, on the other hand,
there is not to be an accumulation of wealth,
and the country is not to be prosperous, then
beyond question it is the interest and it is the
duty of this Congress to postpone the payment
of the debt to an indefinite period.
The people of this country are as much en-
titled to the possession of these bonds, if they
are able to pay for them, as the people of any
other country. Now, it is an assertion which
does not require any thought or defense that
at the beginning of these loans the people of the
United States were in possession of them. The
limited extent to whicn the foreign loans were
made is kndwn to everybody. But in the lapse
of time, in the loss of trade, and in the poor
compensation to the industries of the country,
we are told that from ten to twelve hundred
million dollars have been lost to the country
in these bonds. The people of the United
States, then, will be deprived of the ability to
locate their surplus funds, unless it be by a
premium, from now until forty or thirty or fif-
teen years hence, if the proposition of the Sen-
ator l'rom Massachusetts is to prevail.
This measure to curtail or cancel the green-
backs has for its object a return to specie pay-
ments. That has been the desire, the design,
the course of the proceedings of the financial
portion of this Government from the end of
the war to the present time. They have from
time to time made every possible effort to with-
draw a portion of the greenbacks, through
which and by which they hoped to arrive at
the condition of specie payments. That policy
was counteracted one or two years ago by a
resolution adopted by Congress forbidding fur-
ther contraction; and yet to-day your legai-
tender currency has arrived at a condition of
credit not known since the war closed, almost
to a condition of specie payments. What has
been the cause of that? Is it in consequence
of the agitation attending the withdrawal of
the legal-tender currency or greenbacks? No,
sir. The influences which are in effect oper-
ating to that end are entirely outside of that.
It is owing to an accumulation of funds in your
Treasury and strength there, and the combina-
tion of operations outside for purposes of
gain, and for purposes not in the interest of
the people of this country.
Sir, there are two great interests that are in
antagonism in this country in trade: the domes-
tic trade, and,in opposition to that, the foreign
trade. The domestic trade belongs exclusively
to the people of this country; the foreign trade
belongs partly to the people of this country
and partly to the people of foreign countries.
It is in consequence of the position of antago-
nism which those two great interests occupy
to-day that there is great divergence of opin-
ion connected with the management of our
financial affairs. Everybody knows that as
regards the domestic interest, in its farming,
in the cultivation of all the crops, in its inter-
nal transportation, in everything that engages
the great mass of the people of the country,
its profits have been next to nothing for the
past year and for the years since the war.
But, on the other hand, the foreign portion of
the trade of the country has been profitable.
The shipment of cotton, the raising of cotton
and tobacco, the importation of goods and the
exportation of goods have been measurably
profitable. Those who are in effect interested
in the foreign business must certainly see that
by the prostration of the domestic trade the
taxes and the burdens of this Government are
made to fall upon one branch of the great trade
of this country. That which heretofore has
been borne by both these great interests must
inevitably in the depression of one fell npon
the other.
It cannot be thought, in my judgment, for a
moment that this measure *jll effect a lower
rate of interest in the market or among the
people. The peeple of this country, those who
pay the largest burden of taxation, are, as has
been said, paying from ten to fifteen per cent,
per annum for their money. How is it that by
a reduction of one or two per cent, in the in-
terest on these bonds the money market of the
people who do business in the United States is
to be at all affected, when the whole idea and
plan of operations in making this loan is to
obtain the capital from the continent of Eu-
rope, from England, Germany, and France?
Certainly the idea, if entertained by any per-
son, that this measure will effect a lower rate of
interest in the money market must be delusive.
The greenback, then, must be withdrawn
from the market before we can arrive at a con-
dition of specie payments. That has turned
the balance of trade against us ;■ that has de-
stroyed the profits of every mine and of every
farm and of every manufactory; that has in-
creased the mortgage debt of the State of my
friend from Ohio nearly one hundred per cent,
during the past year. The mortgage debt of
the people of the State of Ohio has been
