1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
the present political condition of Arkansas; in
the State of Missouri it will need correction
for still other reasons. The reason there will
be, ia the first place, that the freedmen do not
vote; and in the second place, that there is a
number greater or less of white persons who
have been disfranchised for participation in the
rebellion, and who are nevertheless a part of
the basis of representation. For similar rea-
sons, or at least for one of those reasons, it
will need correction in the State of Maryland,
in the State of Delaware, and in the State of
Kentucky. 1 have attempted to apply the cor-
rection to all of those States where they would
not manifestly fall under the rule established
by a comparison of the census and the presi-
dential vote of 1800.
In order to estimate, for example, the num-
ber of white persons disfranchised in the State
of Missouri for participation in the rebellion I
have adopted the best plan which seemed to
me to be practicable, one which would not,
indeed, furnish absolutely reliable and perfect
results, but one which will give a result suffi-
ciently accurate for the general result, if not
forthe particular result in that State. I applied
to the Representatives of that State for sepa-
rate and independent estimates of the number
of persons disfranchised in that State for par-
ticipation in the rebellion, and having obtained
their estimates I took the average as my esti-
mate of the disfranchisement in Missouri.
In the case of the State of Tennessee, instead
of taking the presidential vote of 1868, at which
time a large proportion of the whites who were
disfranchised under the State laws did not vote,
I took the last vote in the contest for Governor
in that State, when all voted in spite of the
laws.
But, sir, I will not stop to indicate precisely
the corrections which 1 have made in each
case; it would consume too much time. I
have applied what seemed to me to be reason-
able and necessary corrections to every single
State which did not fall plainly within the rule
shown by the census and the presidential vote
of 1800, and I will now give to the House the
results which I have obtained in that way.
While I would be far, indeed, from presuming
to assure the House that I have in no single
instance failed by a single Representative in
the large States, 1 do venture to predict that
on the whole there will be found as the result
of the next census apportionment very slight
variations from the estimates that I shall give.
I will state before giving the figures to the
House, whether you fix the number of mem-
bers of the House at three hundred or at two
hundred and seventy-five, no State will lose a
single vote upon this floor if you adopt the
amendment to this measure which has been
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] upon which I propose very
soon particularly to speak; and il' you do not
adopt his amendment only a single State will
lose a member of this House, and that State
will have a fraction very much larger in pro-
portion to its basis of representation than any
other State in the United States.
The State which will lose if this amendment
which is to be proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoaii] shall fail will be
the State of Rhode Island. But no other State
will lose a member, even though that amend-
ment be not adopted and we fix 275 as the
number of members of this House. But sup-
pose wo fix 300 as the number, then let that
amendment fail; adopt either of these bills as
they stand, embodying in a law ail the provis-
isons in them, and uo State will lose a single
Representative on this floor.
If you fix the number of the members of this
House at 300, according to these estimates
which I have made, Alabama will be entitled
to 9 members ; Arkansas to 3 ; California, 4 ;
Connecticut, o; Delaware, 1; Florida, I:
Georgia, 7 ; Illinois, IS ; Indiana, 14 ; Iowa, 9 ;
Kansas,2; Kentucky, 10; Louisiana,7; Maine,
6; Maryland, 5; Massachusetts, 11, with a large
fraction over; Michigan, 8; Minnesota, 3;
Mississippi, 5; Missouri, 10; Nebraska, 1;
Nevada, 1; New Hampshire, 3; New Jersey, 7:
New York, 40; North Carolina, 10; Ohio, 22;
Oregon, 1; Pennsylvania, 32; Rhode Island, 2;
South Carolina, 6 ; Tennessee, 8 ; Texas, 6;
Vermont, 3; Virginia, 12; West Virginia, 3;
and Wisconsin, 7.
If you fix the number of Representatives
at 275, then Alabama will be entitled to 6
members; Arkansas to 3 members; California
to 4; Connecticut, 4; Delaware, 1; Florida, 1;
Georgia, 7 ; Illinois, 17; Indiana, 13 ; Iowa, 8;
Kansas, 2; Louisiana, 6; Maine, 5; Maryland,
5; Massachusetts, 10; Michigan,7 ; Minnesota,
3; Mississippi, 5; Missouri, !); Nebraska, 1 ;
Nevada, 1; New Hampshire, 3 ; New Jersey, 7;
New York, 35 ; North Carolina, 9 ; Ohio, 20;
Oregon, 1; Pennsylvania, 29 ; Rhode Island, 2;
South Carolina, 5; Tennessee, 8: Texas, 5 ;
Virginia, 31 ; West Virginia, 3; Vermont, 3;
Wisconsin, 7 ; and Kentucky, 9.
Now, there has been no feature developed
in this result which has more surprised me
than the position which the State of Massa-
chusetts will hold on this floor. I took it for
granted, when I looked at the vote of Massa-
chusetts, iu the last presidential election in
1808 and compared it with the vote of other
States, that the representation of the State of
Massachusetts in this House was excessive. I
found that the total vote of Massachusetts in the
last presidential election was 195,482; whereas
the vote of my own State was 193,567, and the
vote of Michigan, another northwestern State,
was 195,904, a little more than the vote of the
State of Massachusetts. Yet of this House
Massachusetts has ten members, the State of
Michigan has but six members, and the State of
Wisconsin has but six members. And before I
made the investigation to which I have referred
I was quite sure that, whatever might have been"
true iu I860, when the present apportionment
was made, now it had become a great hardship
to the people of my State and to the people
of other neighboring States to permit the State
of Massachusetts to retain a representation on
this floor apparently so excessive.
But au examination of the return of the last
census, compared with the votes given at the
last presidential election shows to me that it
is not without reason that Massachusetts is
allowed to have ten members iu this House.
It is because more people stand behind each
vote in Massachusetts than stand behind each
vote in Wisconsin or Michigan. Now, every
gentleman will at once see the reason of this.
Every man knows upon reflection why in
Massachusetts there is a larger proportion of
women and children, of persons who do not
vote, than in the northwestern States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it not
also because a large portion of the men of
Massachusetts being engaged in commerce and
the fisheries—pursuits which are most pro-
ductive in the fall of the year, when our elec-
tions take place—are away from the State at
that time, and are therefore not counted in
the vote of the State ?
Mr. PAINE. I have no doubt that is au
additional cause of the diminution of the vote
of the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman also allow
me to slate one fact?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Wo have in our State also a
very large extra percentage of women.
Mr. WARD. So much so that some of them
are shipped off to Oregon.
Mr. HOAR. But we propose to have them
vote by and by.
Mr. PAINE. The women, children, and
absentees account, I suppose, for the excess of
population over voters in the State of Massa-
chusetts.
I have found that if we fix the numbo of
the members of this House at 300, instead-of
Massachusetts being shorn of any representa-
tion in the next Congress, as I took it for
granted she certainly would be, she will have
an additional Representative and a fraction of
population over nearly large enough to entitle
her to still another Representative. And I am
by no means sure that when the rejected frac-
tions shall have been examined after the close
of the next census it will not be found that
Massachusetts will be entitled to 12 instead of
10 or 11 Representatives in a House of 300
members.
And I was hardly less astonished when I
learned the facts relating to the State of Maine.
I observe that the Representatives of that State
are very sensitive lest they should lose some
of their strength by the next apportionment.
But if you fix the number of members at three
hundred Maine will not lose a member; on the
contrary, she will gain one and have a fraction
over. If, on the other hand, you fix the num-
ber of Representatives at two hundred and
seventy-five, Maine will still retain her present
representation in this House.
As I have said, if you fix the number at
two hundred and seventy-five no single State
will lose any of her present representation,
except possibly the State of Rhode Island, in
the event that the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
shall not prevail.
If my figures are correct, and I have shown
the House how I have obtained them, there'
can be no objection to the pending measure on
the score of a possible or probable loss of rep-
resentation to any State in this House, no mat-
ter whether you fix the number of members at
three hundred or two hundred and seventy-five.
So far as that question is concerned the House
will be without embarrassment in deciding be-
tween these two numbers, and those who prefer
the smaller number can, if they will, ask for
an expression of the sentiment of the House
on that proposition, assured that it can en-
counter no opposition on this floor from an
apprehension that it will result in the reduction
of the representation of any State.
Mr. Speaker, the results at which I have
arrived satisfy me that the population of the
United States, as shown by the next census,
will be somewhat less than the estimate made
by the Superintendent of the Census of 1860.
I leave out of view the States of Nevada, Ne-
braska, and Oregon, neither of which can be
entitled to more than one Representative; andl
also leave out of view the population of the Ter-
ritories. I believe it will be found as the result
of the next census that the population of the
United States, exclusive of these States and Ter-
ritories, will be in round numbers 36,000,000.
The estimate of the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus was a little over 42,000,000, including the
States I have named and including all the Ter-
ritories. 1 venture to record my prediction
to-day that that estimate will prove to be ex-
cessive, and that the population as determined
by the next census of the United States will bo
nearer 36,000,000 than 42,000,000.
Mr, Speaker, there are before the House
several measures relating to the subject under
consideration. There is, iu the first place, the
bill which was introduced by yourself, (Mr.
Jco  in the chair as Speaker pro tempore,)
the bill of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Ai.-
li.sox,] and the bill which I afterward pro-
posed. It is due to the House that I should
say that as to most of the provisions of these
bills they are substantially the same. They
cover the same ground. The measure which
I propose contains two or three additional
provisions, but those I believe have been ac-
cepted by the other gentlemen who have bills
before the House as proper provisions, which,
I understand, they are willing to incorporate
in their own bills. I therefore frankly state
that, so far as the general result to be arrived
at is concerned, it will make very litt.e differ-
ence whether one bill or the other shall be
