1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'5689
that we are opposed to recognizing in this law
.the right of the President and Senate to make
treaties which shall compel us, whether we will
or not, to appropriate money out of the public
Treasury; and the very reason the Senators
gave in the conference committee for insisting
upon putting those provisions in this bill is that
it may bind the House hereafter to a recogni-
tion of their right, by treaties with tribes or
roving bands or parties of Indians, to bind us
to appropriate money out of the Treasury of
the United States. They claim no right to
compel us to appropriate money by treaties
with roving bands of Irishmen or with roving
bands of Germans; and yet they derive all
their right to make these Indian treaties, if
any right they have, from that provision of
the Constitution which gives them the power
to make treaties with foreign nations. If they
have the constitutional right to make these
treaties with small straggling bands of Indians,'
then they have the same right to make treaties
with traveling parties of Englishmen, or Ger-
mans, or Chinese, or Irishmen. They have the
same right to make one thousand different
treaties with so many detached squads of citi-
zens of each of those nations.
Now, I admit that the President and the Sen-
ate have the right under the Constitution to
make treaties. Bat I say that right is defined
and limited in the Constitution of the United
States. It is not the right which an absolute
monarch has when he makes treaties under the
laws of nations. He can by a treaty bind the
nation which he rules to the performance of
every possible governmental act; he can make
any bargain; he can invade the province of
local legislation; he can invade the province
which is under the fundamental law of this
country consecrated to State rights; he can
invade every branch of the Government, the
legislative, executive, and judicial.
But I assert that in the United States under
our Constitution the powers of the General
Government are limited, and among those lim-
ited powers are the treaty-making powers of
the Government. The President and the Sen-
ate, as the treaty-making power, cannot by
means of treaties invade the reserved powers
of the States. Can the President and the Sen-
ate make a treaty with the Pope that shall make
marriage an ecclesiastical ordinance in my own
State? So far that subject lies within the limits
of the reserved rights of the States. Can the
President and the Senate bind Congress to
appropriate money? No ; because the Consti-
tution of the United States expressly declares
that no money shall be taken from the Treasury
without due appropriation by law. Can the
President and Senate by a treaty invade the
judicial department of the Government? No ;
because by our great charter the powers of the
several branches of the Government are clearly
defined.
Now, what is the treaty power of the Presi-
dent and Senate?
It is provided in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that the President—
"Sball have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur."
The treaty power conferred by this provision
must assume one of the three following forms,
namely:
1. The power to make all treaties which
Governments of absolute and unlimited powers
can make.
2. The power to make such, and only such,
treaties as can be fulfilled by the exercise of
the powers delegated by the Constitution to the
Federal Government.
3. The power to make such, and only such,
treaties as are not only included within the
scope of the powers delegated to the Federal
Government, but are also capable of fulfillment
without the exercise of any of the powers vested
exclusively in the legislative or judicial depart-
ments of that Government.
The first question encountered, then, is
whether all the treaty powers of absolute Gov-
ernments are conferred by the Constitution
upon the Federal Government. Let us decide
this question, if we can, before we inquire by
what branch of the Government, or in what man-
ner, this power is to be exercised. The question
of the extent of the treaty power vested by the
Constitution in the Federal Government would
involve comparatively little difficulty if our
Government were a simple and not a complex
sovereignty; if it were a single, central Govern-
ment, clothed with all governmental powers,
and not, as it is, a compound Government,
with one portion of them vested in the Federal
Government, and the residue reserved to the
States and people. If ours were such a Gov-
ernment, it would not be possible to doubt that
the treaty power, conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon the Federal Government was the
entire treaty power of sovereignty as known to
the law of nations.
But inasmuch as the powers of the Federal
Government are not absolute, but limited,
and all not delegated by the Constitution to the
United States nor prohibited by it to the States
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people, the question arises whether the Presi-
dent and the Senate in the exercise of the
treaty power are excluded from those reserved
powers of the States and people, or may,
through the device of a treaty, invade them at
their discretion; whether the Federal Govern-
ment, while in the exercise of the treaty power,
is restricted to certain subjects and modes, or
is absolutely unrestrained ; whether the Fed-
eral Government can, by means of a treaty,
compel a State to perform an act the perform-
ance of which is by the Constitution left to
the discretion of the State.
Is it possible to assume that the framers of
the Constitution which withheld so large a
proportion of public acts from the jurisdiction
of the Federal Government altogether intended
to authorize that Government by means of a
treaty of the President and Senate to perform
or compel the States or people to perform all
of these acts? Is it reasonable to suppose that
all the guards thrown around the States and
the people by that instrument were intended
to be nugatory whenever the President and
Senate should, by a resort to the treaty power,
attempt to impose upon them an obligation to
do that which the Constitution gives them full
discretion to do or not to do ?
The position that the President and Senate
may make all the treaties which absolute Gov-
ernments can make involves many fallacies.
In the first place, it supposes our Federal Gov-
ernment to occupy, so far as this question is con-
cerned, the attitude of a Government in which
all sovereign powers are concentrated. It over-
looks the material fact that a large portion of
these powers are, by our Constitution, reserved
to the people and the States for the specific
purpose of security against just such oppres-
sions as would inevitably result from the exer-
cise of this form of the treaty power.
An absolute ruler may embrace in his trea-
ties all conceivable contracts. But a limited
Government can only make such treaties as its
constitution authorizes. If the British Gov-
ernment, the king and Parliament cooperating,
make a treaty binding England to the perform-
ance of such acts as in this country can only
be performed by the States, the obligation may
be perfect, because the king and Parliament
have all power, and can perform or compel the
performance of the stipulated acts; but in this
country the central Government has no such
omnipotence. It is not reasonable to say that
a power conferred upon this limited Govern-
ment is absolute and unlimited merely because
it is undefined, although it might be reasonable
to say that of an undefined grant to such a Gov-
ernment as that of Great Britain. Nor would
the fact, if it were the fact, that the Constitu-
tion forbids States to stipulate with foreign
nations to perform acts which they alone have
power to perform, tend to authorize the fed-
eral Government to bind the States to perform
such acts.
_ If the Federal Government could by treaty
bind the nation or the States to the perform-
ance of acts within the exclusive, cognizance
of the States, it could compel the States toem
act, enforce, or repeal laws affecting not only
the tenure of lands within the States, but also
marriage, divorce, guardianship, testaments,
administration, incorporations, crimes, and all
the other innumerable subjects most wisely left
by the Constitution to State legislation. For
example, the President and Senate, by a treaty
with the Sultan of Turkey, could provide that
his subjects resident in the'United States should
be permitted to bring hither all their wives and
practice polygamy in any of the States. By a
treaty with the Pope they could compel par-
ticular States to make marriage an ecclesiastical
ordinance for one portion of the people and a
civil contract for another. By treaties they
could compel particular States to make divorce
the subject of ecclesiastical cognizance in some
cases and of judicial cognizance in others, and
to grant divorces for one cause to residents of
one nationality and for another cause to resi-
dents of another.
The first article of the amendments of the
Constitution provides that Congress shall make
no law respecting an establishment of religion,
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press,
or the right of the people peaceably to assem-
ble and to petition the Government for a redress
of grievances. But Congress only is prohib-
ited. If, therefore, the treaty-making power
of the President and Senate embraces in its
scope those subjects which are reserved to
the control of the States and people, it may
provide for an establishment of religion, or
prohibit the exercise thereof, or abridge the
freedom of speech or of the press, or the right
of the people peaceably to assemble and to
petition the Government for a redress of griev-
ances.
These considerations, sir, render it perfectly
clear to my mind that the treaty power of the
President and Senate only extends to such
engagements as can be fulfilled by the exer-
cise of the powers delegated to the Federal
Government without invading those reserved
to the States or people.
The next question is whether the President
and Senate can bind the nation by treaties
which involve the exercise of all the powers
delegated to the Federal Government, or only
by such as do not involve the exercise of
powers exclusively vested in the legislative or
judicial department of that Government.
The provisions of the Constitution specially
relating to the treaty power have been already
cited. That instrument contains also the fol-
lowing provisions:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives. " " Allbills for raising revenues shall originate
in the House of Representatives." " The Congress
shall have power" [to do the acts specified in the
seventeen subdivisions of the eighth section of the
first article.] "No money shall be drawn froin the
Treasury except in eonseauence of appropriations
made by law."
It is a familiar canon of interpretation that
if two provisions are susceptible of different
interpretations, that which would destroy one
of them is to be rejected, and that which would
preserve both is to be accepted.
Let us apply this rule to the constitutional
provisions conferring treaty power upon the
President and Senate and to those conferring
legislative power upon Congress. We shall find
that t.Ke interpretation which empowers the
President and Senate by treaty to bind the
United States to the performance of acts which
can oniybeperformed by the exerciseofpowers
vested exclusively in the Legislature, and to
impose upon Congress the duty of discharging
these obligations, virtually annihilates the legis-
lative power of Congress. Forunder thatinter-
pretation the President and Senate could
