1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
280'T
poratc the National Theological Institute, and
to define and extend the powers of the same/'
approved March 2, 1807.
The amendment was to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the seat of oporations of tho National Theo-
logical Institute and University, incorporated under
the act approved May 10,1866, which act was amended
and extended by the act of March 2, 1867, shall be,
?#d the same is hereby, located within the city of
Washington, m the District of Columbia: Provided,
ihat nothing herein contained shall be so construed
to preventsaid corporation from establishing such
branches without the limits of said District as may
be now authorized by law.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move thnt the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of Mrs. Rhoda D. Burnett, praying the
renewal of a patent granted for a straw-cutter
to James H. Burnett. February 20,1855; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Grace B. Peck, widow of Captain Elisha
Peck, of the United States Navy, praying that
the act of January 1G, 1857, be so construed
as to declare her entitled to the benefit of the
pay of her late husband as captain from the
date of his commission, September 14, 1855,
to February 1!), 1863, during which period he
received only the pay of a commander; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of II.
Bradford, of Florida, praying the removal of
his political disabilities ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented a memorial of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce and of citi-
zens of Charleston, South Carolina, praying
the erection of a building for the accommoda-
tion of the post office in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitions of
citizens of Virginia, praying the appointment
of a land commission to be composed of well
known disinterested friends of the freed people,
whose duty it shall be to cooperate with indi-
viduals and associations among the freedmen
for the selection and purchase of eligible lands
for homesteads for them ; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petitions of
\V. D. G. Cames, M. D. Smallman, W. G.
Crowley, William Vick, J. T. Trapp, and J.
T. Hollis, of Tennessee, praying the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWELL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of land
to that State to indemnify such persons as
have purchased from the United States or pre-
empted any of the odd sections of land lying
along the Des Moines river and whose titles
have been held invalid on account of the grants
by Congress to that State of August 8, 1846;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
642) granting a pension to Riley H. Smith, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to bo printed, and tho bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 623) to grant a
pension to Celia Tweed, have had it under con-
sideration, and directed me to make a written
report adverse to the bill, and recommending
its indefinite postponement. If the facts stated
in the petition which accompanies the bill are
true the committee are of opinion that the
petitioner has abundant relief at the Pension
Office.
The report was ordered to be printed; and
the bill was indefinitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referredtlie petition of Annie M. Wright,
■widow of William T. Wright, of company II,
first regiment Massachusetts volunteers, pray-
ing to be granted a pension and arrears of pay
and bounty due her husband, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of
Roswell M. ShurtlefF, of New York, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lucy J. Jiles, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Sheltonfor
bounty, as late private company A, thirteenth
Kansas volunteers, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harriet W. Pond,
praying to be remunerated for money expended
and cervices rendered by her during the late
war in taking care of sick and wounded soldiers,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Adolph lfuehn,
praying that he may be allowed compensation
as a second lieutenant, less the pay of a first
sergeant, from the 18th day of January, 1865,
to the 2'Jth day of July, 1805, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Amanda M. ltitchey, reported a bill (S. No.
808) granting a pension to Amanda M. ltitchey;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary A. Filler,
reported a bill (S. No. 809) granting a pension
to Mary A. Filler; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 453) granting a
pension to J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa,
reported it without amendment.
lis also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth G. Potts,
praj'ing tobe allowed apension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 1109) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations, so called, with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. R. No.
245) making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the Committee on Education and
Labor, incurred in pursuance of investigation
ordered by the House of Representatives, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations have received several com-
munications from the Secretary of the Interior,
all of them relating to Indian matters. They
are not addressed to the Senate and have not
been referred by the Senate to the Committee
on Appropriations ; but they properly, in the
estimation of the committee, belong to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaiis. I therefore submit
them to the Senate, and move that they be
transmitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in relation to a
deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of
interpreters for the current fiscal year, and rec-
ommending an appropriation to meet the defi-
ciency, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, asking an appropriation of $10,008
for necessary expenses of a general council of
Indians in the Indian territory, asked to be
discharged ft-om its further consideration, and
that it bo referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Iowa, in favor of an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river by the construction of acanal around
the Des Moines rapids, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin, in favor of the removal of cer-
tain bands of Indians from that State, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs ; which was agreed to.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Benjamin S.
Ewell, President of tho College of William and
Mary, at Williamsburg, Virginia, praying an
appropriation to reimburse that college forthe
destruction of its buildings, inclosures, and
other college property in 1862,1863, and 1864,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Cincinnati
Chamber of Commerce, asking an appropria-
tion for tho enlargement of the Louisville and
Portland canal around the falls of the Ohio at
Louisville, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; which was
agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior in relation to the Osage Indian lands
in Kansas, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Jacob L.W; Doxtater, of the Oneida
tribe of Indians, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered as interpreter for that tribe,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of
Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and for
the withholding of moneys from tribes of In-
dian holding American captives, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. ROSS, from the Commiitee on Indian
Affairs, reported ajoint resolution (8. It. No.
177) for the sale of certain Indian lands in
Kansas ; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 16G) relative to a voyage
to the Arctic regions, reported it with an
amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordcicd, That the message of the President of the
United States of January 14, communicatirf'
