5640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
by treaty bind the United States to such a
system of duties on imports and internal taxes
for fifty years as would for that period prevent
the payment of a penny of the interest or prin-
cipal of the national debt, or to such rates of
taxation as would conapelusto pay, if possible,
half, or even the whole of the debt in a single
year; and Congress, which under the eighth
section of the first article of the Constitution
has power to impose taxes and tariffs, would
be constitutionally bound to discharge the
obligation.
They could in like manner, by treaty with
a European Power, bind the United States to
take a European loan at such rates, on such
terms, for such .purposes, and in such amounts,
as they might in their discretion determine;
and Congress, which alone has power to borrow
money on the credit of the United States, would
be bound to carry out the treaty stipulation.
They could, by commercial treaties with all of
the commercial nations of the earth, actually
regulate all our foreign commerce, so that Con-
gress, which by the Constitution is vested with
exclusive power to regulate our commerce with
all foreign nations, would by the act of the
President and Senate be divested of the power
to regulate it with one of them. They could
by treaties with foreign Powers stipulate to
adopt certain regulations for our interstate
commerce; and Congress, which has the power
to regulate commerce among the several States,
would be bound to fulfill the contract, sur-
rendering its own discretion, and recognizing,
as its rule of action, not the good of the peo-
ple or the States, but the letter of the bond
held by a foreign Power.
They would have the constitutional power to
regulate commerce with every Indian tribe ;
and thus Congress, which is by the Constitu-
tion authorized to regulate commerce with all
Indian tribes, would be permitted by the Pres-
ident and Senate to regulate commerce with
not one of them. They would have the con-
stitutional power to stipulate with the queen
of England or king of Prussia for such modi-
fications of our naturalization laws as would
render it permanently impossible for the Irish
subjects of the former or the German subjects
of the latter to become citizens of our Repub-
lic. In truth, they would enjoy the constitu-
tional right of establishing, by means of treaties
with foreign Powers, a rule of naturalization
applicable to all immigrants, which would make
acquired citizenship as cheap or dear as they
might see lit to make it, and would leave Con-
gress, which has, under the Constitution, ex-
clusive control of naturalization, absolutely
divested of all control over the subject.
They would have the power to provide by
treaty for the interests of foreign creditors in
cases of bankruptcy ; and Congress, though
invested by the Constitution with the power
to establish uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcies throughout the United States,
would be bound to carry out their provisions
and surrender its own power.
The President and Senate could, by treaties
with foreign nations, regulate the entire sub-
ject of' the coinage, fixing the weight, size,
form, and composition of the several pieces,
their value as compared with each other and
with gold, and their value in the coins of the
other nations; and Congress would be bound
faithfully to execute the stipulation, although
itself exclusively invested by the Constitution
with the power to coin money and regulate the
value theteof, and of foreign coins.
They could adopt by treaty a common stand-
ard of weights and measures, and Congress,
although clothed with theexclusive power to fix j
the standard of weights and measures, would j
nevertheless be bound by the Constitution to i
exercise no power over the subject.
They would have the right, by a treaty with
the emperor of China, to fix the punishment
to be inflicted upon his subjects resident in
California ibc counterfeiting our coin, and to
judicale ihu uibuual and manner of trial. They
might make similar stipulations with the em-
peror of France for the punishment of coun-
terfeiters of our national bonds. In both cases
we should be held by the agreement, although
invested by the Constitution with the exclusive
power to provide the punishment for coun-
terfeiting the securities and current coin of the
United States.
- They could determine by treaty the rates of
postage on matter mailed or received by for-
eigners resident in the United States, and agree
to establish post routes and offices for their
benefit, and we should be bound to fulfill their
engagements, whether they secured to foreign-
ers the most valuable advantages or imposed
upon them the most oppressive disabilities.
They would have the power to bind the
United States to all conceivable modifications
of our patent and copyright laws to the ad-
vantage or disadvantage of the citizens of, or
emigrants from, one or several foreign nations,
and we, with plenary power over patents and
copyrights in our own hands, would neverthe-
less be morally bound to discharge the obliga-
tion.
They would have the right by treaties to
determine the constitution of inferior United
States courts for the trial of all cases cogniz-
able by Federal courts, to which immigrants
from certain nations should be parties, whether
Irishmen, Germans, Englishmen, Scandina-
vians, Africans, or Chinese ; they might even
stipulate as to the nationality of judges, jurors,
and witnesses; and yet Congress would be
bound by their engagements, although clothed
with the exclusive power to constitute these
tribunals.
They would have the constitutional right to
bind the United States by a treaty of alliance
with England to declare and prosecute war
against Kussia, and Congress, which has under
the Constitution exclusive power to declare
war, would be obliged to carry out the agree-
ment. They would have the same constitu-
tional right, by a treaty of alliance offensive
and defensive with the king of Abyssinia, to
bind our Government to grant letters of marque
and reprisal against England, and to impose
the duty of performing the stipulations upon
Congress which alone has power to grant letters
of marque and reprisal.
And they would have the right to provide
by treaty stipulations for disposing of captures
made in either of those cases, which stipula-
tions would be obligatory upon us, notwith-
standing the exclusive power of Congress to
make rules concerning captures on land and
water.
They could bind us at their discretion by a
treaty of alliance with Prance, not only to de-
clare war against Mexico or England, or both,
but also to raise and support armies, of what-
ever size, for operations in Mexico or Canada
or elsewhere; and it would be our imperative
duty to make the declaration of war, to raise
the armies, and to maintain them during the
period covered by the treaty, although Con-
gress alone has power to raise and support
armies as well as to declare war. And if, under
the clause which ordains that no appropriation
of money to raise or support armies shall be
for a longer term than two years, it should
indeed be impossible for them to dispense with
the formality of biennial appropriations, the
result would be the same, because we should
bo bound by the contract to make every stipu-
lated appropriation by a purely perfunctory
vote.
By the same treaty, and for the prosecution
of the same war, they might bind Congress to
provide a navy of any size, and to maintain it
for any length of time, and, naval appropria-
tions not being limited by the Constitution, to
make at the outset any stipulated appropriation
of money for the entire period. By the same
tieaty, also, they might agree to rules for the
government and regulation of the allied armies
and navies; and Congress, although it has
exclusive power to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the lartdand naval forces,
would be absolutely bound by such a treaty.
They could stipulate with foreign nations that
the militia to be called forth to execute the
laws, or suppress insurrections, or repel inva-
sions in certain cases, should consist, wholly,
or in part, or not at all, of alien immigrants
from such nations; and Congress, which has
power to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, would be
bound by their stipulations.
The President and Senate could, in a treaty
of alliance, fix the number of militia to be
called forth in case of invasion, determine what
classes of native-born or naturalized citizens
or resident aliens should or should not be
embodied in such militia, and how they should
be organized,armed,disciplined, and governed;
and nothing but obedience would remain for
Congress, which, under the Constitution, has
power to provide for organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia, and for governing such
part of them as may be employed in the service
of the United States. They would_ have the
constitutional right, by treaty, to stipulate, to
the advantage or disadvantage of immigrants
from this or that foreign nation, that the statute
laws of the District of Columbia should receive
certain modifications affecting the inheritance
and purchase of lands by aliens, marriage,
divorco, incorporations, guardianship, admin-
istration, crimes, the tribunals for the cogni-
zauce of civil and criminal cases, and even the
elective franchise itself, and we should be in
honor and by the Constitution bound to make
the promise good, although Congress has power
to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over the district in which is located
the scat of government of the United States.
And, furthermore, Congress would be bound
to make all laws necessary and proper for
carrying all these stipulations into execution.
These, sir, are some of the consequences
which would inevitably follow if the President
and Senate had power to bind the Government
by treaty to the performance of acts which
Congress only can perform. These results
would spring, not from the gross abuse, but
from the simple exercise of constitutional
power. If the President and Senate are clothed
with this power, they have precisely the same
right to exercise it, at their discretion, in good
faith, and in a patriotic spirit, which they have
to exercise any other constitutional power. In-
deed, it will be their duty to exercise, it when-
ever, in their judgment, its exercise will pro-
mote the public good.
Bear in mind that each of the stipulations
which I have supposed falls clearly within the
classesof engagenientsrecognizedas legitimate
treaties by al! expounders of the law of nations.
And I have considered, in their order, all of
the powers, exceeding forty in number, spe-
cifically vested in Congress by the well known
eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution. I have shown that if the treaty-
making power extends to contracts which
Congress, and Congress only, can fulfill, then
the President and Senate have the power and
the right, whenever in their judgment the pub-
lic good shall warrant it. to prevent, compel,
or regulate the exercise by Congress of any of
these powers.
But, sir, these are not all the absurd results
of such a construction. The Constitution pro-
vides that no State shall, without the consent
of Congress, enter into any agreement or com
pact with a foreign Power, if, now, the Presi-
dent and Senate have the treaty power sup-
posed, they have the right in a commercial
treaty with England to stipulate that Congress
shall consent to an agreement or compact be-
tween die British Government and the State
of Maine, and our consent must be given and
| the compact sacredly observed, even though it
| should involve the most radical changes in our
J commercial, maritime, and financial legisia-
I tion. In precisely the same way the President
