4696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
evidence except thai which has already been intro-
duced.
"The application which is to be heard is evidently
the one filed in 1868. The expressions Uo rehear/
and to rehear us if no hearing thereof had ever oc-
curred,' fire inconsistent with the supposition of a
new application being contemplated. The statute,
therefoit, authorizes the Commissioner to rehear
and determine the application heretofore made to
his predecessor upon the evidence, in the same man-
ner and with the same effcct as if no hearing thereof
had occurred. It docs not proscribe the publication
of new notices, nor any of the preliminaries usual in
tliis class ot cases. The rehearing is to be, not upon
evidence, but upon the evidence confirming the
supposition that some particular testimony was in-
tended. This could be no other than that which is
on hie. The whole provision seems to point to this
construction.1*
Mr. KELLOGG. I next ask the Clerk to
read Commissioner Poole's letter to Senator
Feuuy, giving the reason why lie rejected the
application in the present case.
The Clerk read as follows:
wasuitfutox, National IIotkl,
January 17, 1870.
Bear Sir: For the purpose of answering the in-
quiries in your letter of the 11th instant, I have re-
examined the papeis on file in the Patent Olfiue to
refresh my recollection.
On the hearing of Mr. Rollin White's application
for an extension of his patent, Mr. Hardin?, of
Philadelphia, and Mr. fcSloughlon, of this placc,
appeared as his counsel. Mr. White spoke in his
own behalf, and Mr. llarding was heard two or three
times, and to ihosso acquainted with that gentleman
1 nfpd not say that the cause was argued with much
ability.
It was stated that Mr. Keller, nf New York, who
had ncted as counsel tor Mr. White in suits upon
his patent, and in taking testimony to he used
on his application, was absent on account of sick-
ness.
Several person* (perhaps they could not proprrly
be called "counsel'') seemed to be much interested
in Mr. White's behali, and strongly pressed the
granting oi the extension.
Soon after Mr. White's application waq made (In
18G0) objections to the extension wcro filed in the
Patent OHice b.v several persons, and testimony in
support of them was taken. Afterward the oppo-
sition of some was formally withdrawn, and at the
hearing no one appeared to oppose the extension.
J was not aware that Mr. White had failed to ob-
tain all the testimony lie desired. I do not now
recollect that any complaiht was made in that lo-
spect. The time the application wa^ pending, about
two and a half yenrs, would seem to have been tiulh-
cient to probate all needful evidence.
At the hearing it was stated by Mr. White that a
part of Irs models, intended to illustrate his inven-
tions, had been lost or stolen, and it appeared to be
to him a source of much regret and disappointment.
I do not think, however, that I had any difficulty in
fully comprehending his inventions and other do-
vices referred to without them, from the papers and
models m the Patent Office.
The principle I had adopted for my own action,
and which I thought accorded with the design and
intent of the statute, was to grant extensions in those
cai>cs only in which the invention had effected a
decided and manifest improvement, and while great
benefits had been bestowed upon the public 1 was
quite liberal in respect to the compensation received.
Mr. White's invention did not appear to ine to come
up tomyreciuiroments. Thoirobject was to improve
the Colt pistol, and the leading idea seems to have
been to attach to it amaguzine of cartridges, one of
which should bo forced from the rear into the cham-
ber by apl unger operated by the cocking of the pistol.
'To present the explosion of cartridges by an escape
ot lire laterally, a spring guard was provided; and a
shield also was placed in irontto arrest any b ill that
might be accidentally shot from a chamber not in
lino with the barrel. In his experiment a leather
plug or packing was put in the rear of the charge, and
thai seemed to prevent the cscape of fire and the
explosion ot all his cartridges.
For the several devices three patents were granted,
in one of which the claim wasbroadlyma.de lor bonnt
through the cylinder, whether loaded by hand or by
the plunger.
In the form in which Mr. White made his pistol it
is believed to have had little or no practical utilitv.
Indeed, breech-loaders generally were then faUares.
They encountered practical dilliculties that seemed
insuimountable. inre would escape from the joint
at the breech and rapidly wear it away. Or if made
gas-tight, expansion by heat and other cause* would
obstruct the operation. The object seemed hopeless
and unattainable until the introduction of the me-
tallic cartridge. When that was periccted, with its
il.mge and fulminate andmachinery to manuhtci ure
it, the difficulties were removed, and the breech-
loader sprang at once into extensive use.
It was then that the claim in Mr. White's patent,
f.'i* boring through the cylinder instead of nearly
tl rough, as Colt hud done, became of great pecu-
ni; iy value. But before White other arms had been
b<ned thiough, pistols mu.-kets, and iid'\s. Iu one
a ('u-l or .jf revolving has rels much 1'ke (Jo! t \ elnitn-
bei>, i \«--cpt in length, had been bored thi or^h. Tne
mot .VI nndge n occulta ted a boring through, and
- >'>• .i i: bocj-ine deniable in the Colt's pi.-toi, !i
Us ho !().'• ttmmgh, as o her arms hud oot.,i bored \\
f in uu,.'L, it seemed to me, would have lollowed as a |j
matter of course, and as well without as with Mr.
White s devices.
Idid not, therefore, regard his inventions as having
materially advanced the art to which they related.
He had received, according to his own statements,
in license fees, from the three patents, #70,SOD. Ilk
expenses, he states, were $22,457, a, large portion of
which wore expenses of litigation, from which no
proceeds were credited. His rewards, I thought,
had been ample, having roference to the benefits
conferred upon the public.
In view of the facts detailed I do not think that
more arguments or more illustrations, or, indeed,
more testimony, would have altered the conclusions
to which 1 arrived or the decision which I made.
Very respectfully, yours,
33LISIIA FOOTS,
Hon. 0. S. PtfRttY, United Wains Senator.
Mr. JENCKES. Thogentleman from Cou-
necticufe [Mr. Kei.loog] guys that if this bill
should puss it will allow of* the introduction
of new testimony. IF that were so, it would bo
ot no earthly u^e, and we should not. be press-
ing it here. It is framed, as I understand, for
the purpose of admitting the evidence oFboi.h
parties, and is specially recommended by the
committee for the reason that the evidence on
behalf of the patentee was not before the Com-
missioner. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. IJoaii, j with his strong sense of
justice, repels the idea of action being taken
without a hearing, and agrees that if by any
mistake the Commissioneracted without a hear-
ing, an opportunity should be given totkcparly
to produce his evidence. Now, the committee
went no further thau to ascertain that this
party had not received a hearing. That is 1 ho
sole basis of their recommeisdaiion. it is
opposed here on the merits. With regard to
the merits I have noihing to say. I never
inquixed iuto them. They were not before the
committee, livery right uud every remedy are
reserved, even those of the poor constituent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
lloAii,] for the proviso in this bill saves his
rights.
Mr. IIOAU, I desire to afik the gentleman
one question, whether if it had boon pioved
before the committee that the evidence which
Itolhn White said he lost v>as not material
would they have reported the bill?
Mr. -1KNCKES. Certainly not.
Mr. HOAU. Well, here is a man who gives
you notice that he was prepared to prove that
his whole livelihood depended on it, and yot
you have given him no hearing.
Mr. JENCICES. J am not aware of anything
of the kind. If such a notice uud the alleged
evidence bad been submitted to mo I would
have laid it before the committee, f would
have been willing at any time that the gentle-
man's constituent chose to bring such evi-
dence, if to my mind it possessed tlio least
weight, to call a special meeting of the com-
mittee and submit that evidence.
1 will simply add that from the time the com-
mittee reported in favor of this bill in April,
18U'J, down to the present lime, 1 never received
any evidence from any person proving or tend-
ing to prove that the evidence upon which the
committee reported was in any respect incor-
rect. X yield to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Air. Butler. J
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Having
before the Supremo Court of the United States
oil the question of the validity of this patent
occupied the position of counsel of ltollin
White, 1 should not have felt it consistent with
tiij duty, or consistent with the delicacy of my
position, to have said one word about this
marier, and I would have left jr. to abler hands
to put the petitioner's rights before the House,
had not remarks of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. IjArLli',] aided bv the endeavors of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. K vkxswoetu,]
chosen to show an entanglement in my posi-
tion upon the ease in the various phases which
it has assumed.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Lapus]
read a letter which I wrote at the request of
some Ma>-aehusetts men. asking the Commis-
sioner of Patents to give a hearing to them
upon the extension of the patent, which letter
I will read to you:
- washington; July 22,1867.
Sir : I aia advised that it >Hui White is making
cluiiu for the extension at" h u patent for perforated :
chambers of breech-loaders Or revolvers.
There arc reasons which render it for the interest
of the Government, as Wt-il as parties in Massacha-
setts, that his claitu should he examined befoi-e any
cxtehsion is made.
I therefore ask to he notified of any hearing for the
extension, and would suggest that it be continued
until the winter.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
BENJAMIN I?, BUTLER,
lion, Co3imiss;okbi: of Patents.
Jt is such a letter as I am frequently called
upon to write to the several Departments for
my constituents and others. A year and a
half afterward 1 was asked to speak to the
validity of the patent as a matter of law before
the Supreme Court of the United States for
Uollin White, who was my early townsman and
friend, and who I judged had a right to call ofi
me for sympathy as well as lor my professional
services. I was paid for that service; and it .
was a part of the expenses that lie was under
in sustaining the validity of his patent, and
to be deducted from the profits to be derived
therefrom. The case was heard before the
Supreme Court, and was decided by a divided
"court. One judge, whohas since left the bench,
refused his assent in these words. He said,
"How can you call this pistol a new and
useful invention? Itseettis to be an invention
very well calculated to take life. Now, how
can ail invention calculated to take life and
suitable lot purposes of assassination be con-
sidered a useful invention ?"
Mr. SCOFtliLD. What judge was that?
Mr. BUTLiSB, of Massachusetts. A Penn-
sylvania .judge, of course. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOh1! liliD. He was a sensible man.
Mr. BUTLMR, of Massachusetts. Nov/then,
sir, it was not until 1809 that itoliin White sot
any light lo control to his own advantage his
very valuable patent. It was pirated all through
the war against him and against his assignees
everywhere. Well, lie came then before Con-
gress without my aid or assent. This bill was
passed through the House, and no man objected.
It went to the Senate, and was there discussed
and passed. It went, then to the President, and,
unfortunately for Uollin White, the Attorney
fienetal, who advises the President upon all
matteis of law, knew all about this case as a
matter of law, but not the practice of the Gov-
ernment: and still more unfortunately for Ilol- ~
lin White, the chief of oidnance felt it was his
duty io protest against i.his bill being passed,
to protect, the United States in making such
pistols. Now, it is known that the United
States never had made pistols on this patent,
audi do not think they ever will, ltollin White
then came to me and said, "Sir, what shall I
do to obviate the objection of the chief of ord-
nance?" i said, " (it) and file at the ordnance
office a deed of release to the United States of
the full right lo make pistols upon the patent
so long as your patent is extended, if it be
extended," That was done.
Now, then, there was a thing done which had
never been done in this Government before. I
take it that it came from the inexperience of
the President in this kind of affairs, and I
think 1 do no discredit to him in speaking of it, Jj
and perhaps fioul the inexperience of the At-
torney General in affairs of this kind ; because
here was a private bill vetoed. Time never
has been another instance in this Government
of the veto of a private bill, as I believe. How
vetoed? Upon any reasons given by the Presi-
dent? No; he does not give any, but he sends
us a letter from the chief of ordnance giving
his reasons against the bill, the force of every
word of which is now taken away by the fact
that there is a deed to the United Stales filed
in the Ordnance Office of the entire right to
make pistols forever on this patent.
Unuor the.-e circumstances this veto Went
before the Senate, and after full discussion
