1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
increased daring the past year nearly one
hundred per cent. The mortgage debt of the
people of the rest of the trading States is in
the same condition. First, the people have
lost their bonds; second, they have put out
their credit; third, they have placed indebt-
edness upon their property ; and then conies
the sale of that property—all growing out of
the increased rate of interest, accumulating in
its increase every year since the war ended.
The fact is beyond dispute that the rate of
interest for doing business in this country has
increased every year over the year before since
the close of the war, and it is increasing to-day
among those people who pay your taxes, as I
observed, and among those people who have
not banking facilities.
The idea of making a loan when the Gov-
ernment is discredited at home and abroad,
upon as favorable terms as you can when its
credit is good, it is not necessary for me to
consider for one moment.
This funding bill then stands as regards its
passage thus: Senators who believe that the
credit of the country will not be enhanced
above what it is to-day in its discredited posi-
tion, will vote for this measure. Senators who
believe that the credit of the Government and
the strength of the people will be higher and
better hereafter, next year, or the year after
that, will ask that the refunding of the debt
shall be postponed until that condition arises.
Then, in the condition of your credit no de-
mand upon you exists, that I can see, which
forces you hurriedly to refund your debt. Aa
you have not enhanced the value of your green-
backs, through which you hope to obtain a
condition of specie payments, how can you
expect, by continuing to withdraw the found-
ation upon which your business rests, to
strengthen the people through their business
that they may be enabled to bear the burden
of taxation incident to carrying on the Gov-
ernment?
My object, however, in rising at this mo-
ment was merely to call attention to the
fact that placing it for fifteen or twenty years,
beyond which the Government would be dis-
enabled from paying its indebtedness, would
deprive the people of the United States, if it
was expected that they would be prosperous,
of possessing themselves of these bonds. It
would be like saying to ourselves and the coun-
try that it is our belief that there will be no
time from now during the whole forty years
when the money market of the world will be
at any less rate of interest than it is at the
present moment. I observed on another occa-
sion that from the commencement of this cen-
tury to the present time, the accumulation of
capital was in such a form that it had from
year to year lowered the rate of interest in the
money markets of the world; and if there was
anything to reverse that steady and certain
course of decrease in the rate of interest in our
case, it had not been suggested by any Senator.
It is well known that the rate of interest estab-
lished in France and Germany and England
regulates the market of the world. If we can
offer to them securities that will be of equal
value to those that they are purchasing at the
same rate of interest, our bonds will be carried
at the same rate. Therefore, if the money
market of the world is to be greatly reduced
in its rates of interest for the future as it has
been in the'past, it is certainly contrary to the
interests, not only of the Government, but of
the people, that we should makealoan payable
in the future at a long day.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to make a motion, which I will submit
in a moment. I hope the vote can be taken
on this bill to-day, and that it can be disposed
of, and I think it will be if we can agree to
adjourn over till Monday. I ask unanimous
consent to move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object until this
bill is disposed of, and then I shall join my
colleague with the greatest pleasure in voting
for that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is the way
to get the bill disposed of. If thi3 motion is
agreed to I will agree to sit the bill out, if
necessary, until midnight.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to give notice that
I will not now move an evening recess, but if
the majority of the Senate will stand by me,
will stay here until the bill is disposed of, if it
shall be Sunday night.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to allow hia colleague to
make the motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer not. That can
be made afterward, when we get through with
the bill. There will be no trouble about an
adjournment over Saturday if we diapose of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio gives notice of his desire that the
Senate should sit without a recess to-day until
this bill is disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio not to insist on making us sit here
without a recess until this bill is disposed of;
and I trust, too, that we shall adjourn over
to-morrow. I believe in the old times, when
slavery existed in this country, and had so
much power as to control the government of
the country, the masters gave the negroes Sat-
urday to rest, and attend to their own private
affairs and cultivate their own little patch of
ground. Now, we want a day to go around
the Departments and attend to the business of
our constituents there, and bring up our cor-
respondence ; and I cannot believe that the
Senator from Ohio is so hard-hearted, I know
he is a kind-hearted gentleman, as to expect
to keep us here over Saturday. I am willing
to take a recess at four o' clock or half past four
o'clock or five o'clock to-day, and come back
here at seven this evening and sit all night if
necessary in order to dispose of the bill; but
I hope we shall not sit to-morrow.
Then I have another reason. I have an
engagement at my own home to-morrow, and
several Senators are going in the same direc-
tion, and it would be uncourteous to those Sen-
ators to preclude them from the opportunity
of going. I trust we shall take a vote now on
the motion to adjourn over until Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend, who is our
Nestor, will simply give good advice to all the
Senate now to vote promptly on the amend-
ments without long speeches, I think we can
get through by four o'clock, and then we can
adjourn over.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give that advice if
the Senator will agree to allow this motion to
be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as that advice is
followed I will do so.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, I move that when
the Senate adjourns it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield now to the motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator said he would
take my advice, and I hope he will not go back
on his word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say so. I said
if the Senator would give that advice, and we
could get through by four o'clock, then we
might adjourn over.
Mr. CAMERON. I give that advice, and
shall stand by it. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects, and the motion can only be
entertained by postponing this bill. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, in section two, line seven, to make the
bonds fifteen-forties instead of fifteen-thirties.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
to strike out the first three sections of the
amendment of the committee as amended, and
insert the section proposed by him.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this bill. There has been no amend-
ment to the third section, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the third
section of the bill by striking out all after the
word " bonds," in the fifteenth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin moves to amend the third section by
striking out certain words, which will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
And if in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury it is thought advisable to issue a larger amount
of four per cent, bonds for any of tho purposes herein
and hereinafter recited than would be otherwise au-
thorized by this section of this act such further issues
are hereby authorized: Provided, That thero shall
be no increase in the aggregate debt of tho United
States in consequence of any issues authorized by
this act.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, as explained
the other day by the Senator from Ohio, the
purpose of that provision is to allow the holders
of your legal-tender notes to convert them into
four per cent, bonds at their pleasure without
any conditions. As the office of the provision
is to allow the unconditional funding of your
legal-tender notes in bonds, and as I think just
to the extent that they are so funded your cir-
culation is contracted, I do not desire to take
a step in that direction. I think that has been
tried once and did not work happily for the
country. I am quite sure it will not work more
happily for the country at the present time. I
think it would be more disastrous to attempt
to contract your circulation at the present time
than it has ever been at any former time.
Heretofore contraction only injured the debtor
class of the community. Now ii; will injure,
to be sure, the same class of the community,
but it will injure the Government itself, being
the heaviest debtor there is in the community,
and seeking at this very time to borrow money
at a lower rate of interest. I shall call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from Wis-
consin to let me substitute an amendment for
his, which I think covers the ground which
he intends to cover, and that is to strike out
the twelfth line of that section, because strik-
ing out the part the Senator proposes to strike
out will still allow the first $400,000,000 to be
composed in part of bonds issued by funding
$356,000,000 of legal tenders. I would there-
fore move to strike out the twelfth line of the
third section.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the real point.
Mr. MORTON. That is the real point. _
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the real question
in this section, and I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin whether he had not better allow the
Senator from Indiana to present that one ques-
tion, because that is the question of primary
importance to be voted upon and determined
in this bill. I think the question had better
be taken upon the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, because if the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin should prevail, this would raise
the same question, and we should have to pro-
vide bonds to fund the greenbacks into.
Mr. HOWE. I really had overlooked that
line, as often as I have read this section. 1
must say that when you want to provide for
anything by a law I do not know of any clause
in the Constitution which prohibits your putting
that into the law; but I do think the purposehere
is very peculiarly stated, if it is stated at all,
and I think it is contained in that very line.
But it seems to me if you strike out the twelfth
line you will strike out this clause also.
