2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19j
information in relation to the ereotion of fortifica-
tions at Lawrence, Kansas, in 186-1 and 1S05, be taken
from tho files of tlic Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, without notice, to enforce
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. I will state that this
bill has been drawn up by a gentleman ac-
quainted with the necessities under that amend-
 ment, and also that the Judiciary Committee
Uiave nearly perfected a bill on the subject;
and I ask that this bill may be read twice,
printed, and referred to that committee. It
may contain additional suggestions of value,
probably.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 810) to enforce the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; and it was read twice by its
title, referred to tho Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 811) to disapprove of certain acts of the
Legislative Assembly of Idaho Territory, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Air. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 812) to establish certain post roads in the
State of West Virginia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Ho also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 813)
fixing the time for holding the terms of the
circuit court in the district of West Virginia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BOBEMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, without previous notice,
accompanied by a petition and certain papers,
and move their reference to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 811) for the relief
of Fannie A. Thompson, legal representative
of William Thompson, deceased, formerly a
brigadier general of the army of the revo-
lutionary war; and it was read twice by its
title, referred, with tho accompanying paper,
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
815) for the improvement of the water naviga-
tion between the Mississippi river and Lake
Michigan by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 816) to incorporate the United States
Trust, Loan, Guarantee, and Indemnity Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 817) granting a pension to Oscar East-
man, lata lieutenant colonel first regiment
North Carolina Union volunteer infantry;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
tho Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhehson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
]8"23) to provide for tho apportionment of Rep-
resentatives to Congress among the several
States; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury laws
of the District of Colombia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B.
Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; and
A bill (II. B. No. 134G) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes.
influencing senators' votes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment to a resolution that was adopted
yesterday. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it, and I am not quite certain that it is
necessary. I will ask the Secretary to report
the amendment, and if there be no objection
I ask that by unanimous consent it may be
inserted in the resolution that was passed by
the Senate yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks that by unanimous consent
an amendment bo incorporated in a resolution
which was adopted yesterday. The Secretary
will report the resolution of the Senator, after
which the Chair will ask for objections if there
be any.
The Secretary. The resolution agreed to
yesterday is as follows:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be. and
it hereby is, instructed to inquire and report whether
any corrupt or improper means have been used, or
attempted, to influence tho vote of any Senator in
respect to the bill no w pending relating to the admis-
sion of the Stato of Georgia to representation in Con-
gress; and that said eommittoe shall have power to
send for persons and papers.
The amendment proposed is to insert after
the word " Congress" the following :
Resolved further, That the said committee be in-
structed to inquire whether the rebels of tho South
have used any improper or corrupt means to secure
the adoption of the Bingham amendment, so called.
Mr. CHANDLER. I presume there will be
no objection to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to incorporating this amendment in the
resolution agreed to yesterday?
Mr. PERRY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut objects. It cannot be reached,
therefore, except by unanimous consent or by
reconsidering the resolution adopted yesterday.
OHDEIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
725. It is a small bill relating to a private
claim, and I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills and joint resolutions is still in order.
The Senator Irom Michigan asks unanimous
consent to consider the bill indicated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offered an order yes-
terday intended to expedite public business,
by proceeding to the consideration of unob-
jected cases on the Calendar, and it was laid
over until to-day. If there be no objection I
should like to have that resolution taken up
and amended, so as to apply to to-morrow at
one o'clock, giving up the evening session.
_ Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order ; hut the Senator from
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to take
up the Senate resolution referred to by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer a Sen-
ate resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
priority. " • -
proposed annexation of winnipeg.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer a resolution,
whiclvl send to the desk, and before it is re-'
ported I desire to Eay that I wish .to.make a
few remarks upon it. Of coarse I cannot
make them now cxccpt by unanimous consent.
If there be no objection J am ready to pro-
ceed and make tho remarEs that I desire to
make now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider the resolution at the
present time. The Secretary will reportihe
resolution, after which the Chair will ask for
objections, if there be any.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he hereby is, directed to appoint two or more
commissioners, or other diplomatic agents, to open
negotiations with tho people of Winnipeg, with a
view to tho annexation of that district of country to
the United States as a Territory or as a State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois desires it to go over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, I give no-
tice that when it comes up I shall make the
remarks that I intended to make.
committee service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask th6 Senate to
excuse me from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Senator will be excused.
The Chair will now recognize the Senator from
Rhode Island.
order of business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe my resolution
will come up of itself in a moment and I will
not press my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There aro three
resolutions previous to it, however.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can get through with
them in a minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those resolutions will
probably take some little time and exhaust the
morning hour, and as the meeting last night
was a failure, and it is known to me that there
are several gentlemen who desire to address
the Senate on the Georgia question, I hope
the Senate will take up that bill at once and
go on with it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this can be passed with-
out any debate I think it had better be done.
If it gives rise to debate I shall let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution offered by him yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. It will necessarily lead
to debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it will not, unless
the Senator from Illinois wants to debate it.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. We can tell in a moment.
Give us the first resolution on the Calendar.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first resolu-
tion on tho Calendar is one reported from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads in
regard to the bill (S. R. No. 736) to authorize
the establishment of ocean mail steamship ser-
vice between the United States and Australia,
the proposition being to refer that bill to the
Committee ou Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that resolution
be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is one offered by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] pro-
viding that the rule last adopted by the Senate
in reference to the order ot business shall be
so construed svs not to apply to the morning
hour.
