1870.
the commaBiom-L awm.
469*
there the bill has' been passed by a vote of
43 to 13, as I remember it. The veto baa been
overridden, although I insist that it is no Veto
at all. It gives no reasons of the President.
He merely says that Mr. Dyer, the chief of ord-
nance, has an objection to the bill. Well, we
do not undertake to pass bills that are accept-
able to the chief of ordnance j it is no part of
Our duty to do that. The President does Hot
say he had any objections to the bill; he does
not present any. I say it was an inadvertence
for which he may be pardoned.
Now, what is the bill? It is argued that it
is a bill to extend the patent of Rollin White.
It has been argued hero upon the question
whether he ought to have an extension of his
patent or not. I do not know whether he
ought, to have it or not; I do not rae.in to  o
into that question at all. But Mr. White says
certain evidence was stolen from the office,
upon which he would have got his extension
H it had been before the Commissioner of
Patents.
Now, he asks us to do what? Not to grant
him an extension of his patent. He asks that
We will allow him to go before the Commis-
sioner ol Patents, and there, everybody having
an opportunity to beheard, have his application
Considered and determined upon the evidence
which he lost before. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoah] says that evidence will
not alter the result. If it will not, then he will
not obtain an extension of his patent. He
only asks lor what ought to be given to any
man on earth.
Mr. FAllN 5WORTH.
order.
I rise to a point of
The gentleman will state
_ The SPEAKER.
his point of order.
Mr. J;AIIN5\VOli'JTI. My point of order
is this : it is in proof before this House as a
pait of (he records of the Patent Office, cer-
tified to by the Commissioner of Patents, that
the member from Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtlek]
has accepted a fee of 32,000 to advocate the
claim ol this Rollin White to a renewal of his
patent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If thei'e
is any such evidence before the House it is
false.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farmwortii] will state his point of
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That evidence, under
the hand and seal of the Commissioner of
Patents. I sent, to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachnsetts. There is
no such evidence; there never can be and
there never will be any such evidence.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I insistthat the Clerk
shall read it, so that we can see whether there
is or not,.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That I
received a fee of 32,000 for the purpose of
advocating on this floor an extension of this
patent—is that the point? I received a fee lot
arguing his case before the Supreme Court.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A statute of the
United Stales expressly declares lh.it no mem
ber of Congress shall receive any fee for his
vote or influence concerning any measure pend
ing before Congress, and makes the otleiiso
punishable as a misdemeanor. There is evi-
dence in that v&ry paper at the Clerk's desk that
the member frOm Massachusetts voluntarily
Said to the Commissioner of Patents that the
renewal of this patent would conflict with the
interest of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T do not
five way to be abased by a man with more
eard than brains.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The gentleman may
curst! n.y beard, but. he shall not steal under
the shadow ol' my beard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh,
pshaw !
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois raise the point of order that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is debarred troin
voting upon this matter by reason of personal
iJitsrcSi?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. My point of order
is that the member from Massachusetts has no
tight to advocate the claim here foi< a fee of'
$2,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massaekusctts. You stole
that piece of wit.
Xr.1 SPEAKER. The point of order, as
the Chair understands it, is that the gentleman
tram Massachusetts [Mr. BtoleH.] is debarred
from voting on this bill by reason of personal
interest. 1 here is a rale of the House on that
subject which is very explicit in its terms.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. FWs-
worth] is very well aware that it is almost
universally left to the sense of propriety of the
member himself as to whether he shall Vote
or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the evi-
dence to which I have referred may be read.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. There is
no such evidence, and can bo none.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The mehibe- his
disputed the truth of my statement that there
is such proof here under the hand and seal of
the Commissioner of Patents. T Say there is,
and ! ask that it be read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man iron! Massachusetts [Mr. Bums] has
expired, and the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jesckes] resumes the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
interruption to be taken out of my time?
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man had expired when the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Parxswoiwii] rose to make his point
ol order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This is a matter of so
much importance that I hope the House will
not insist upon strict time. It certainly is u
matter of very great interest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and be
ought to be allowed an opportunity to beheard.
I am sure there Will bo no objection on this
side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the rule which bears upon the
point raised by the gentleman from Illinois.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No member hlinll vote on any question in tho
event of which hois immediately and paiticuhuly
interested, or in any ease where he was not within
tho bar of tho Home when the question was put."
Mr. Sl'lLKS. The question of order Was
as to the gentleman from Massachusetts having
the right to discuss the question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. If that is the point, the
Chair would be compelled to ovenule it.
Mr. FARNSYV ORI'II. 1 insist that themem-
ber from Massachusetts is disqualified, under
that rule, fiotn acting on this ease as a member
of the House, and for the purpose of proving
it I ask that the certificate of the Commissioner
of Patents be l'ead.
'lhe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will see thai.the rule, enforced in its utmost
stringency, would not prevent the gentleman
from Massachusetts from debating the question.
The rule is limited entirely to the question of
voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 submit that.the
rule has always been construed with the largest
possible latitude, and has been understood as
forbidding a member interested in any ques-
tion before the House from acting on that
question in any manner.
The SPEAKER. It would not be within the
power of the Chair to enlarge the construction
of a rule relating to a matter of such delicacy,
though he would entoice it stiictly in its ob-
vious meaning. The question as to the dis-
qualification of a member for voting in a par-
ticular case is one to be decided by himself,
upon his honor and his sense of propnety.
The Chair has no authority to act as the con- j
science-keeper of members. i
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. I now ask 1
to be heard For five minutes in reply to tbi
personal attack.
Mf. FAHN8WO&TH, I Will cogent; pro-
Tided I can have fi?e minutes reply.
Th6 SPEAKER. The matter is under the
cbntrol of the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mt. J excess, J who holds the floor.. Does he
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. BtfTLEtt?]
Mr. JENCKES. How much time have I
remaining ? >
The SPEAKER. Four minutes.
Mr. JENClvES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the recoi-cl, when read, \vill brand
the statement of the member from Illinois as
false, malicious, and infamous.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, we will have
it read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The only
payment of money to mo is for counsel fees,
paid on the 25th of January, 1889, about the
tirite when I argued the case before the Supremo
Court, where my brief is filed. This payment
for counsel fees, and nothitig else, is what has
been attempted to be tortured here into some-
thing involving some impropriety on my part.
I desire that the House shall hear (he docu-
ment read.
Mr. LARNSWORTH. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I will read it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
it to be read at tho Clerk's desk. I want it
read by a good reader.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. I can read it better
than the Clerk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachnsetts. I object,
unless it, be read at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will send the paper to the Clerk's desk.
It is the uniform usage of the House that docu-
ments shall be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tun United States Patent Office.
To all pcreoni to whom thane present* shall come,
greeting!
This is to certify that the annexed is a true copy
from tho titus ot this oflico of an extract from sched-
ule A attached to statemcntof account in tho appli-
cation of Rollin White for 'extension of letters-
patent dated April :i, 1835, and reissued May 1, IStili,
and letter from 13. F. Butler, dated .July ti, 1807, in
relation to satno case.
Ill testimony whereof, I, Samuel S. Fisher, Com-
missioner of Patents, have caused the seal of
, the Palecit (Kiico to tie hereunto affixed this
fn. s.] 13th day ot June, A. I). 1870, and of the inde-
pendence of the United States tho ninety-
fourth.
SAML. S. FISHER, Coinirtissioner.
Extract from schedule A attached to ltollin White's
statement and account of application for extension
of patent, dated April ;t, 1855. and reissued May 1,
18tjB; feocived and tiled February 9, ISO.'i.
1309. January 25.—To cash, counsel foes to B. P.
Butler, $2,01)0.
Wasimngtox, July 2.2,1867.
Sir: lam advised that Rollin White is making
claim for tho extension of his patent for perforated
chambers of hreeeh-Ioadcra or revolvers.
't'hero are icasous which render it for the intejest
of the Government, as well as parlies in Mnxsaeliu-
setts, that his claim should bo examined beiore any
oxton-uon is made.
1 therefore a;;k to ho notified of any bearing for
tho extension, and would sufHtest that itbocontinucd
until the winter.
I have the honor to he, very icspcolfully, your
obedient servant,
BEXJ. F. BUTLER.
Hon. Commission"Eft op Patents.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope, Mr. Speaker, there
is sufficient time left for me to say just one
word.
Sir. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the gen-
tleman's time maybe extended for live min-
utes, and that I may bo allowed three minutes
of the hve.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not wish to have the
time extended on ray account. I want to make
only a single remark. 1 havu already stated
the ground on which this bill leeeived tin;
approval of the committee. Its object van
to give a hearing to a party who was proved
ln;l\ re the comimttce noi to have had a bear-
ing in the sense of tho law. From the time
