1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2800
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is the resolution offered
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
that the joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes, be
placed upon the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. Let the resolution be
adopted. It can be done at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I make no
motion.
Mr. FERRY. I object to special orders. I
move that the resolution be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Connecticut,
that this resolution be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken, for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Senate to what this is. I have
tried 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nevada that the mo-
tion to reconsider is governed by the same rules
that applied to the original proposition which
is sought to be reconsidered; and it is there-
fore undebatable.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
- general orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is one offered yesterday
by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. An-
thony,] which will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ordered, That at five o'clock tho Sonate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock, and at that hour
the Calendar shall betakenup for tho consideration
of general orders not objected to, and no other busi-
ness shall bo in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I propose to amend the
resolution by striking out "at five o'clock the
Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, and at that hour," and insert "to-
morrow at one o'clock."
Mr. RAMSEY. Do wliat to-morrow at one
o'clock? Take a recess?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; to-morrow at one
o'clock proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar of general orders, and consider unop-
posed cases.
Mr. IIAMSEY. We have a special order
for to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. This only applies to cases
that are unopposed, and which will lead to no
debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to my friend from Rhode Island that I
think he will accede to. I know that there are
special orders which will consume to-morrow
and next day probably, and therefore his motion
will meet with opposition. I desire to promote
its passage, and therefore I suggest that Friday
and Saturday he set apart for going over tho
Calendar, so as to dispose of bills to which there
is no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I accept that suggestion.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island modifies his resolution by insert-
in"-" Friday and Saturday at one o'clock."
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
that at the earliest moment after the privileged
question now before the Senate is out of the
way, I hope theSenate will indulge me in taking
up for consideration the appropriation bill,
which has been postponed for several days and
weeks. . .
Mr. POMEROY. Which appropriation bill?
Mr. MOllRILL, of Maine. The legislative.
executive, and judicial appropriation bill
think it ought to be considered promptly, and
I shall ask the Senate to take it up^as soon as
the pending privileged business is disposed oh
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course a general ap-
propriation bill always has precedence over
everything else, when the Senator in charge of
it insists upon it; but my proposition'is an
effort to relievo the Calendar of eases that will
cause no debate. We can go through with tho
Calendar in less than a day and dispose of those
eases, and it will be the best day's work we
have done this session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Chair what becomes of tho special orders
already made in the event of the passage of
the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island?
Mr. ANTHONY. They will stand on the
Calendar as they do now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I want to be certain of that
before we vote on this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
have to execute the last order of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. To tho exclusion of the
special orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
last order of the Senate must prevail by a well-
known principle of law.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I hope the Senator
from Rhode Island will not press his propo-
sition.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it bo read again.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have modified it-
Mr. STEWART. Let us stick to our pres-
ent rule until wo get to understand it.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution of tho Senator from j
Rhode Island as it has now been modified.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as mod-
ified, as follows:
Ordered. That on Friday and Saturday next, imme-
diately alter tho privileged morning business shall
lia.vo been concluded, the Calondar shall be taken up
lor tho consideration of general orders not objected
to, and no other business shall bo in order.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that. Some-
body will object to every bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is too late to object
now. Tho proposition is before the Senate.
The Senator can vote against it.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to such a
proceeding. It will result the same wayas that
which we have had this morning. There is on
the Calendar a little resolution reported from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
to prevent sham bidders from swindling the
Post Office Department. I have been trying
for months to get it up, hut somebody always
objects, not because he is opposed to it, but
because he wants to get up something else.
That will be the case if we set apart days in
this way. You will have to get unanimous con-
sent to consider any bill, and nobody will^give
unanimous consent. There is not such a thing
anymore in the Senate as getting unanimous
consent to pass any little unobjectionable thing.
1 come here wanting to pass my bill and I i
object to everybody else's, so that there shall
be a chance to reach my own; and then when
I reach mine everybody else will object because
I have ojected to theirs, so that all business
will be stopped. There is nothing in it. If
you are going to procced with the Calendar,
stick to the rule you have adopted; take up
the business as it comes along and vote on it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senatorfrom Nevada
will allow mo, I will move to pass over this
resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I am on the floor, and I
rose to make this motion, which I think will
meet the approbation of the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan, to postpone all prior orders and proceed
immediately with the consideration of the Geor-
gia bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That wiU be the next
business in order when we get rid of this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if this resolution is passed over on the
motion of the Senatorfrom Michigan, the Geor-
gia bill will be the next business before the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Then I accept that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is to avoid the difficul-
ties we have had this morning that this order
is offered. It is to prevent a discussion and a
waste of time as to the order ofbusiness. If
this proposition is passed the Senator from
Nevada will have a chance with his resolution,
and nobody will object when it comes up in
that way. Senators will not object, then, be-
cause they know that if they do their bills will
be objected to in turn. Under the operation
of this provision no objection will be made
except for good'ciiuse. There will bo no fac-
tious objection. I am satisfied that the order
as proposed will tend very greatly to expedite
business. ;
Mr.' RAMSEY. As I understand from the
Chair, this order of the Senator from Rhode
Is-land, if executed, would supersede the vote
making the bill for tho abolition of the frank-
ing privilege the' next special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For these two days only.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
stale to the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee that the Northern Pacific railroad bill
is the next special order, and the bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege the next
after that.
Mr. RAMSEY. The railroad bill will con-
sume nn hour or two, or three at the utmost,
and next will come the franking privilege bill.
It has been a special order for a month past,
and I am surprised that the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island should spring in his resolu-
tion now, in apprehension possibly of the pas-
sage of that bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe my friend from
Minnesota thinks there is no bill before the
Senate except tho bill for the abolition of the
franking privilege. We are all in favor it; and
the excessive zeal he manifests, tho sincerity
of which I am fully impressed with, is entirely
unnecessary. That bill will pass when we
reach it. Wc shall reach it very soon, and wo
shall reach it sooner under this order than
without it.
Mr. IIAMSEY. I would rather gentlemen
would show their zeal by their works. 1 would
rather have their votes than their professions
of friendship.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall get to some
business. I move to pass over all Uiese things,
to proceed to the consideration of the Georgia
bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up House bill No. 1000, lor the relief
of Harriet E. Parker. I am satisfied it will not
lake two minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Nevada has priority of all
other motions, except a motion to adjourn or
for an executive session.
Mr. SPBNCEIi. I think tho Senator will
yield to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, we object; we must
go straight on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nyk] moves that this resolution
be passed over.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division-—ayes 20, noes 10.
stat1s of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (II. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States is before the Senate as in Committee ol
the Whole, and the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPENCER. Now I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill for the relic! of Harriet
E. Parker.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield to the Senator from
Alabama?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot cofisent to
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Illinois to object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir ; I fee! bound
to object now. because this day is set apart tor
finishing this 'bill and there are several gen-
