554:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
tive or the judicial duty of determining various
questions of law and of fact. Why, sir, sup-
pose it is claimed that in the city of New York
or , Cincinnati or Boston great frauds have been
perpetrated for the purpose of increasing the
political power of the city in question and the
State to which it belongs. It is notorious that
in some portions of this country the result of
State and national elections has been changed
by the fraudulent counting of votes by the
officers charged with that duty. Suppose such
a fraud committed in regard to the result of the
census which is to determine the power of the
State where it is perpetrated, not only in this
House, but in the election of President, until
the next census is completed.
Now, sir, such a proceeding may affect the
representation of half a dozen States, because
the increased enumeration which gives an ad-
ditional Representative to Boston takes away
that Representative, perhaps, from California
or Nevada. It not only transfers a Eepresenta-
tive from some other State where it occurs,
but it affects the ratio of representation itself,
and when rectified requires a rearrangement
of the entire representation of the country.
Yet that question of fraud alone, with all tho
questions of law and fact which require in-
vestigation and determination for its decision,
we are told requires nothing more than a cleri-
cal duty of the Secretary of the Interior, re-
quiring him to do nothing more than to add up
columns of figures and to state the result.
Mr. Speaker, a laborious committee of this
House spends a great part of its working hours
during the session in dealing with such ques-
tions when they affect only the rights of indi-
vidual members to their seals, and the Con-
stitution expressly prohibits the delegation by
either House of the determination of such ques-
tions to any authority but its own. And yet we
are asked to turn over questions of precisely
the same character to a single officer when they
affect not only the seat of a single member,
but the entire representative apportionment of
the country itself. This is not a matter which
can be corrected by the House under its power
to judge of the returns of its own members.
If in the case I havo put Now York or Boston
should by fraud return an excess of numbers
enough to increase their representation, as I
have already said, the whole representative
election and districting, not merely of New
York and Massachusetts, but of the whole
nation, will be a nullity.
It is not, however, the possibility of fraud
which may present these great questions for
determination, but error in the count, acci-
dent preventing seasonable return may have
the same effect.
Further than that, Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tions to be determined uuder the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, questions both
of law and fact, are of the gravest character,
and these questions are to bo determined be-
fore this apportionment can be completed.
That amendment provides, wherever any por-
tion 'of the male population is denied the right
to vote, except for rebellion or other crime, that
the proportion which such portion so disqual-
ified bears to the whole voting population of,
tho State is to be deducted from the repre-
sentative population. Under that provision
of the fourteenth amendment there are fifty-
two varieties of disqualification reducible, how-
ever, to nine classes, existing in the constitu-
tion of the various States in this Union. These
varieties of disqualification are to be passed
upon by the Secretary of the Interior, are to
be passed upon by the apportioning power,
before it can justly determine the proportion
of representation between the .different States.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a remark?
Mr. HOAR. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. What the gentleman says is
not absolutely correct, and he will pardon me
if I correct him in one branch of his statement.
It is true that the fourteenth amendment does
disqualify and remove from the basis of repre-
sentation a very large number of persons, and
I doubt not the number is as he puts it; that is,
fifty-two varieties; but when he says that the
Secretary of the Interior would have anything
to do after the enumeration is made with set-
tling these questions he makes a great mis-
take.
Mr. HOAR. I do not yield to the :gentle-
man for the purpose of making an argument.-
Mr. PAINE. I do not propose to make any
argument, but merely a correction of the gen-
tleman's statement. The bill itself provides
that the information on this point must be
given to the enumerators, must be taken by
the enumerators and sent by them to the su-
perintendents. The Secretary of the Interior,
therefore, has nothing to do with deciding in
reference to the number removed from the
basis of representation by the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Mr. HOAR. Now, Mr. Speaker, it appears
impossible to anticipate beforehand, before
they come out, the thousand questions of legal
or judicial exposition which would demand an
answer if the plan here proposed were carried
out. For example, in my own State of Mas-
sachusetts—and I am not sorry the gentleman
from Wisconsin interrupted me, as he has
given me an opportunity of illustrating this
matter—in Massachusetts we disqualify pau-
Eers, persons under guardianship, persons who
ave not resided in the town six months or in
the State one year, persons who have not paid
their taxes, and persons who cannot write their
names and read the Constitution in the Eng-
lish language. Now, our reports of judicial
decisions are full of most diflicult and doubtful
questions which havo arisen iu the exposition
of those various disfranchisements. And it is
so with all the other States. A knowledge of
the law of the different States as expounded
by their local courts will be absolutely neces-
sary in the person who is to deal with those
questions and judge whether certain classes
of persons are or are not entitled to the fran-
chise.
Why, you might as well give to the Secretary
of the Interior plain directions for making a
judiciary act to cover in anticipation all the
cases which may arise in which there shall be
a doubt as give the Secretary of the Inferior
plain directions to make an apportionment of
political power under this bill, and thereby
hand over to him in advance the decision of
these complex questions of constitutional and
local law.
Mr. PAINE. I am sorry to interrupt the
gentleman again; but I see I have not made
myself understood. What I meant to say was
this, that the census bill which has passed this
House puts all theso inquiries into the hands
of the enumerators. That was what I stated,
and I reassert it.
Mr. HOAR. That is the very objection,
that there is put into the hands of the enumer-
ators, employed at the rate of four dollars a
day, the duty of deciding questions which re-
quire the profoundest legal and constitutional
learning, and having decided these questions,
of fixing the political rights of the different
States of this Union, without an appeal to this
House, in conformity with their decisions.
That is the objection.
Mr. PAINE. To the census bill ?
Mr. HOAR. It is an objection to this bill.
Under the census bill the enumerators return
facts without tho questions which como up.
If anybody claims there is a fraud he can
come here to the House at its next session and
have it rectified. If anybody claims there is a
mistake he can come here and have it put
right. Leave tho law as it stands now and
the whole matter is kept under the control of
the House.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that under pre-
vious censuses Congress has done what we are
now asked to do. Although this growth of
tho country had the same effect heretofore as
now in creating inequalities Congress has
never anticipated the regular time for making
the decennial apportionment f and there has,
I believe—if I ain wrong some gentleman will
correct me—been no instance in which a ses-
sion of Congress has not been held after the
return of the census and before the apportion-
ment took place ; so that Congress has always,
from the first,- adhered to .the principle of
making each apportionment last ten years, and
of retaining all these questions under its own
eontrol and subject to its authority.
I say, therefore, Mr. Speaker, and I chal-
lenge contradiction to the statement, that this is
not a mere clerical or ministerial duty of add-
ing up or dividing numbers; but it is a legal,
constitutional, discretionary power, requiring
the profoundest learning, the most careful
industry, and the highest responsibility in the
persons to whom it shall be intrusted, and which
this House cannot, without beingfalse fo all the
requisites of a sound statesmanship-, intrust to
a parcel of enumerators, authorizing them to
pass upon these grave questions of law.
It is said that the new States will in the next
Congress suffer somewhat from inequalities of
representation. As has been so candidly shown
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
this alleged inequality has been greatly over-
rated by reason of taking voters and not popu-
lation as the basis of the estimates. And
further, ever yone of these new States when
they first came into the Union had an advan-
tage in the same regard for a time. Every new
State almost that has been admitted was ad-
mitted before its numbers entitled it to a Rep-
resentative, and was admitted at once to au
equality with the most largely populated States
ot the Union in the other branch of Congress.
Now, sir, if you put through this bill in face
of these objections you have got to do one of
two things, which will be objections to the bill
of a more practical character. You have got
to go back to tho old, exploded, obsolete
system of representation at large, which the
experience of this country has discarded ; or
you have got to crowd the redistricting of the
various States into a period of a few months,
which will be a time of great political excite-
ment, as the elections will be just coming on.
There is another matter which seems to have
bean overlooked by my friends who advocate this
bill. There is a pretty grave question immi-
nent upon this country, whether the fifteenth
amendment is to be considered as constitu-
tionally adopted. That question also is to be
determined by the officer to whom you delegate
this power of apportionment. Secretary Cox,
or whoever else may hold the office—and no
better man could be found iu this Union to
whom to intrust such a duty than the present
Secretary of the Interior—is to determine upon
his judgment whether the fifteenth amendment
is or is not a part and parcel of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. And if he should
happen to differ with this House and with the
country in his opinion on that subject rather a
remarkable scene of confusion would occur
when a House of Representatives assembled
here whom no man or no considerable body of
men believed for a moment had been con-
stitutionally apportioned or elected.
Now, sir, there is another thing which I
deem an important point, and it is the last I
shall make. If you leave this matter as it stands
now Congress will be able to determine the
number of the House and the ratio of appor-
tionment by the aid of the information and
knowledge which the census itselt will disclose.
It may be that half a dozen States will present
themselves here with fractions so large as
almost to entitle them to an additional Repre -
sontative, and everybody will agree that by a
slight change of the Federal number, by a,
slight change in the numberofthisHouse, those
five or six Representatives might be admitted
if justice demanded that it should be done.
\ ou will know when you determine the grave
question of what number this House shall con-
