5642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
King, and Reynolds, took exactly the oppo-
site ground, and insisted that the treaty re-
quired confirmatory legislation to make it valid.
And the House bill was passed January 18,
1816, by a vote of 86 to 71. The sense of the
House of Representatives in 1816 was exactly
tlie opposite of what Mr. Kent states it to have
been. And the resolution of 1796 was rather
affirmed than repudiated by that vote. The
Senate had three days earlier passed their own
bill, enacting that ail acts in conflict with the
treaty should be deemed and taken to be of
no force'or effect. This was tantamount to a
declaration that the treaty could not, without
an act of legislation, alter the duties. And by
the statute, passed after conference by both
Houses, it was enacted that so much of any
act as imposed higher duties on British than
on American bottoms, contrary to the treaty,
should be deemed and taken to be of no force
or effect.
In his letter to Mr. Giles, dated December
31, 1795, Mr. Jefferson expressed the opinion
that it was the true theory of our Constitu-
tion that when a treaty is made involving mat-
ters confided by the Constitution to the three
branches of the Legislature conjointly, the Rep-
resentatives are as free as the President and
Senate were to consider whether the national
interest requires or forbids their giving the
forms and force of law to the articles over
which they have a power. And in a letter to
Mr. Madison, of date March 27, 1796, he said
that while this doctrine was not without its
•difficulties, they were not so insuperable as
those of the opposite theory, which he in-
sisted would in fact annihilate the whole of
the powers given by the Constitution to the
Legislature.
Of course, if we look to the executive de-
partment of the Government for authorities,
we shall find many to sustain the broadest pos-
sible construction of the treaty power. But it
is certainly remarkable that in Mr. Wheaton's-
treatise the instructions of Mr. Calhoun, Secre-
tary of State in 184-1, to Mr. Wheaton, then
minister to Prussia, respecting a proposed cus-
toms treaty with the Zoll-Verein, in which he
asserted the right to change and regulate duties
by treaty, and said :
"So well is the practice settled that it is believ-ed
it has never before been questioned"—
are cited as authority, when not only had scores
of statesmen, from 1796 to 1840, repeatedly
and successfully assailed that precise practice,
but in 1843 Mr. Upshur, the predecessor of
Mr. Calhoun in the office of Secretary of State,
had actually instructed Mr. Wheaton, respect-
ing the very same treaty, to bear " always in
mind that the sanction of Congress, as well
as of the Executive, will be indispensably re-
quired and this was the precise issue in the
great contest of 1816, in which Mr. Calhoun
himself was a conspicuous leader, and was
signally defeated; and, moreover, scores, if
not hundreds, of statutes refute the assertion.
Mr. Wheaton declares that—
"Under the Constitution of the United States, by
which treaties made and ratified by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, are de-
clared to be ' the supreme law of the land,' it seems
to be understood that the Congress is bound to re-
deem the national faith thus pledged and to pass the
laws necsssary to carry the treaty into effect."
This statement must have had no little
weight, not merely in foreign countries, where
there is comparatively little opportunity to
verify it, but also in our own country, even
upon reflecting minds not specially informed
upon this subject.
*Now, Mr. Wheaton was himself a diplomat-
ist for more than twenty years. The_ ordin-
ary esprit du corps and natural inclination
ampliare jurisdiciionem abundantly explain
and excuse what only purports to be a mere
expression of opinion. But his annotator
states the results of the contests of 1796 and
1816 to have been exactly the reverse of what
they were. He asserts, also, that President
Jackson's recommendation of reprisals upon
France, in case indemnity should not be made
by the French Legislature for spoliations on
our commerce, is an authority for the doctrine
that Congress is bound to appropriate mouev
to carry out treaties when made by the Presi-
dent and Senate. Accepting General Jackson
as an expounder of the Constitution, for others
as well as for himself, we shall find his expo-
sition very different from that.
For a quarter of a century the French Gov-
ernment had, under circumstances of great
aggravation, postponed the payment of claims
due to our citizens for the most indefensible
wrongs and depredations. At length a treaty
was made by which these demands were liqui-
dated ; but for two years the French Chamber
failed to appropriate money to pay them, and
President Jackson, in his annual message of
1834, suggested compulsory measures in the
event of further delay. But the gravamen of
his charges against France was, not that the
Chamber had neglected to appropriate when
required by the king's treaty, but that it had
neglected to appropriate when called on to dis-
charge a long- deferred and most urgent demand
of American citizens. General Jackson stood
not upon his bargain, but upon the merits of
his claim, which was older than the treaty by
twenty-five years. If by the treaty the king
had agreed not to pay an old debt, but to pay
five million francs for a new island, and the
Chambers had declined to appropriate, exercis-
ing a right secured to them by the French Con-
stitution, President Jackson's message would
have been not just and patriotic, but barbarous
and preposterous.
Mr. Lawrence refers to the fact that the Sen-
ate declined to ratify the treaty with the Zoll-
Verein of 1844, the Committee on Foreign
Relations having reported that it was—
"An innovation on the ancient and uniform prac-
tice of the Government to change (by treaty) duties
laid by law"—
And that—
"The Constitution in express terms delegates the
power to Congress to regulate eornmcrce and to im-
pose duties, and to no other, and that the control of
trade and the function of taxing belong without
abridgement or participation to Congress/'
And he proceeds to say that these objections
made to the Zoll-Verein treaty seem no longer
to be deemed tenable, inasmuch as the Cana-
dian reciprocity treaty, though materially vary-
ing the existing tariff, was at once ratified and
a law to carry it into effect passed, as of course,
through Congress. But by the express terms
of that treaty it was not to take effect at all,
unless or until Congress should provide the
legislation necessary to carry it out. Congress
enacted alaw exempting the specified Canadian
products from duty, so as to give the treaty
validity, and then the President proclaimed the
treaty.
Another important fact is to be mentioned.
By a joint resolution approved January 18,
1865, Congress directed the President to notify
the British Government of the termination of
this treaty, and Mr. Seward, in obedience to
this resolution, on the same day sent the notice
in a dispatch to Mr. Adams, although the treaty
in terms authorized the " high contracting par-
ties" to give such notice without specifying
Congress at all.
No, sir; I cannot concede the claim of the
Senate in this case. I do not believe that the
President and Senate have, under our consti-
tutional Government, all the treaty powers
which absolute monarchs have under the law
of nations. I do not believe they can consti-
tutionally make binding treaties of all the con-
tracts which absolute Powers can make with
each other. I believe the treaty power, like
all the other powers conferred upon the Fed-
eral Government, is limited by the fundamental
law. I believe it is, in this respect, like
the other powers conferred upon the Pres-
ident and Senate, like the powers conferred
upon Congress, like those conferred upon the
judicial branch of the national Government,
measured and limited by the charter which
confers it. In my judgment, the President and
Senate cannot by the circumlocution of a
treaty, either with a great nation or a handful
of mixed Indians, invade the powers reserved
to the people. Nor can they by such a device
invade the powers reserved to the States. _ No
more can they invade those vested exclusively
in Congress, or in the House, or in the courts.
No, sir; the President and Senate cannot by
a resort to the treaty power invade and over-
ride territory from which by the Constitution
the Federal Government is wholly and abso-
lutely excluded. They cannot invade and con-
quer ground which is by the Constitution ex-
pressly and exclusively assigned to Congress
or the courts. They cannot thus by indirec-
tion subdue to themselves the domain of local
legislation, of local jurisdiction. They cannot
touch the innumerable subjects left by the
Constitution to the States. Nor can they so
acquire absolute power in regions which are
assigned exclusively to Congress, and from
which they are absolutely shut out.
They can make such treaties as are included
within the scope of the powers delegated to the
Federal Government and not reserved to the
States or people, and are also capable of fulfill-
ment without the exercise of any powers ex-
clusively vested in the legislative or judicial
departments of the General Government. When
they go beyond that, their stipulations depend
for their validity as treaties upon the action of
those to whom these invaded provinces of con-
stitutional power belongs. No stipulation by
the President with a great nation like France,
which calls for an appropriation, is in that
respect a binding treaty without, a vote of
Congress. No stipulation regulating duties on
imports is binding without such a vote. No
treaty with France to declare war against Prus-
sia would be obligatory without such a vote.
In a word, sir, no stipulation with a foreign
Power to do any act left by the Constitution in
the exclusive power of Congress is a treaty
until Congress acts.
But, sir, where do these Senators find their
warrant for making solemn treaties with twenty
different roving bands of the same tribe of
Indians? Where do they find their authority
to make solemn treaties with small parties of
mixed Indians of twenty different tribes? Why,
sir, only in these words of the Constitution ;
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur."
If these words do not confer it, it does not
exist and never did exist. But if these words
confer the power to make treaties with numer-
ous small bands of roving Indians, they confer
the same power to make them with numerous
small bands of Chinese or Africans or Euro-
peans. Could any claim be more absurd? And
yet this is the Senate's claim in this case.
But we are told that for nearly one hundred
years we have sanctioned treaties. Sir, these
gentlemen are blind to the changes that have
taken place on this continent during the last
century. They do not recognize the facts of
history. One hundred years ago there were
great and powerful Indian nations within the
present limits of the Republic. It was not only
proper under the law of nations for our fathers
to treat with them as nations, but, sir, it was
a necessity. They were sovereign nations. But,
sir, the sweeping tide of lime has rolled over
them and they are sovereign nations no longer.
Where the dividing line lies that separates this
present from the past it may be hard to find.
But it exists, and it lies behiud us. We have
passed it. The resistless course of events has
transformed sovereign Powers into tribes and
roving bands of savages who are no more
nations than are the detachments of Chim-so
toiling or roving on our Pacific coast. The
practice of our fathers is no precedent for us,
because the nations, the sovereign Powe;-,
themselves, have disappeared. Does it follow
because the President in 1838 made treaties
with Texas (hat he can make treaties with Texas
