1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
up the business men of the country they would
have been defeated at the outset, when they
ran greenbacks down to about seventy cents
on the dollar, or sixty cents, which I think
they reached. If they had undertaken such
a movement as that in the face of this pro-
vision of law the greenbacks would have had
the market value of four per cent, bonds, and
those speculators would have been broken long
before the Government gold was thrown on the
market,
Mr. President, all there is of specie payments
in this bill is contained in these simple words,
and if the Senate is not willing to do thus much
to give value to the security of the noteholder,
then again the note will drift off, dissevered
from all connection with anything of value
except to pay taxes. Now, the United States
Government refuses to take this note for any
purpose except in taxes. You do not give it
any value; you do not promise to pay it; you
do not fix a time when you will pay it; you do
not authorize it to be received for your customs
dues: you do not authorize it to be received in
payment of these bonds; you will not take it
at all; you dishonor it; you stamp it with in-
famy by refusing it in almost every form pos*
ble. And now, when we propose to give to it
the additional value of making it at least equal
to a four per cent, bond, we are met by a phan-
tom fear.
Mr. President, I would not regard it as a mis-
fortune if fifty or one hundred million dollars
of greenbacks should float into these four per
cent, bonds. "We never can redeem them so
cheaply again. The honorable Senator says
he is in favor of specie payments. When we
come to specie payments how shall we pay the
greenbacks then ? With gold. Anybody can
then go to the Treasury and demand gold for
his greenbacks. The Senator is willing to sell
four per cents., yea, even five per cents., at par
in gold. Why does he not give the holders of
greenbacks now four per cent, bonds if they
are willing to take them? If we were now back
to specie payments, an object we all desire,
but few seem to really wish to coine to, the
holder of a greenback could present it and de-
mand his gold and silver coin. We should be
very glad, and are now offering to borrow of
the world the gold and silver coin at five per
cent., to give oar bonds for the gold. Why not,
then, shorten the process by dealing at once
with the holder of our legal tenders, and give
him a bond payable at four per cent., and thus
save the difference?
It is idle to talk about specie payments, or
ever coming to specie payments, either now or
in the future, when you refuse to give for the
greenbacks an obligation of the Government
bearing foHr per cent, interest in gold. Sir,
this measure is a very weak and inefficient one.
I am willing to say that so far as this point
is concerned it is weak and inefficient. The
noteholder ought to have more privileges than
are conferred by this bill; but the fear of con-
traction, the phantom of a disturbance of the
business relations of the country, the fear of
a sudden return to specie payments, all these
things must be guarded against by wise men,
and we have endeavored to do it.
We have, then, given to the greenback some
productive value, the least productive value
that has ever been proposed in this fcountry
since its formation; that is the right to be con-
verted into a bond bearing four per cent, inter-
est. If you are not willing to do that much to
strengthen the market value of the greenback,
then you proclaim it over the face of the earth
that it is good for nothing except to pay a small
portion of the taxes of the United States; not
good to pay duties on imported goods; not good
to pay interest on the public debt; not good
for anything until in some distant future the
United States may hoard enough gold in the
Treasury to resume specie payments.
Mr. President, this question is simple al-
though very important in its effects. The vote
of the Senate on this question will have far
more effect on the resumption of specie pay-
ments than any vote that has been taken at the
present session. If we now again dissever the
connection between the note and the bond we
then allow the note to float on the money mar-
kets of the world, a mere game for speculators,
to be raised or lowered at their pleasure. But
if we now tie it to our public credit, tie it to
the market value of the bonds, we shall have
anchored it to a sure foundation, where it may
rest in the hands of the people, to be floated
into our_ Treasury in payment of bonds until
all that is left—and nearly all will be left—will
be paid in gold and silver coin when we resume
specie payments. To avoid the possible evils
of withdrawing, this large mass of currency, or
any portion of it, from the circulation of the
country, we have provided for free banking.
If there should be any stringency in the money
market by whicrti more money is needed to cir-
culate among the people, any association of
individuals may at any time presentthese green-
backs to the Treasurer of the United States, or
may present the bonds provided for by this act,
and receive circulating notes, issue them, and
then and only then an equal amount of green-
backs is canceled under the operation of this
act. This measure, simple as it is, I think will
have a healthy and beneficial effect. But if
this is stricken out, then all the effect of this
bill so far as specie payments are concerned
is dissipated to the idle winds.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire simply to call the
attention of the Senator from Indiana to the
fact that these notes cannot be funded, no
holder of the notes will present them to be
funded into a four per cent, bond unless there
is more money in the country than we know
what to do with. Unless interest is less than
four per cent., who is going to fund these notes
into United States bonds? No portion of the
community will invest the notes iu the four per
cent, bonds unless there is so much money in
the country that it is not worth four per cent,
per annum.
It seems to me that is very clear ; and as the
Senator from Indiana has heretofore desired
to bring the price of greenbacks up to the price
of United States bonds in gold, as he has
been arguing that for the past two or three
years, I think this is an opportunity to do it,
or at least to bring them tip to the price of a
four per cent. bond. If that is worth par in
gold, these United States notes will be worth
par. Consequently, it seems to me that no one
will fund into this low rate of interest bonds
unless money is more plentiful, and there is
more than is necessary for the use of the
country.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio,
when he makes a direct proposition to the Sen-
ate to contract the currency, will find other
Senators besides the Senator from Indiana who
have some interest in the question. I did not
suppose the Senator from Ohio intended to
present anything like a direct proposition to
contract the currency iu a CQntingency even ;
and it is not necessary. I suggested yesterday
in my remarks a proviso which I thought the
Senator from Ohio was willing to accept, and
that proviso was that this process of retiring
United States notes should be proceeded with
only to the extent, or at least should not exceed
the amount of currency issued to national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tenth section pro-
vides that greenbacks shall only be canceled to
that extent.
Mr. POMEROY. That is another thing
entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. These notes that go into
the Treastify? are not canceled; they are held
in the Treasury and may be put out.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing and anxious
as any Senator can be in a legitimate way to
return to specie payments; but I trust the Sen-
ator from Ohio does not expect that the Gov-
ernment alone is to bear that burden. These
national banks are the medium and the great
medium through which we are to return to
specie payments. We are to put a currency in
the country to take the place of the greenbacks
which the banks must provide for the redemp-
tion of, and not the Government. When we
are able to return to specie payments it will
only be through that agency that we shall be
enabled to do it. A return to specie payments
is expansion, because then we shall have all
the gold and silver in the country operating
as currency, in addition to our national bank
paper and greenbacks.
There is no need of contraction to return to
specie payments either. I am confident that
I am right when I say that there is not as much
currency, all told, in the country to-day per
capita among the citizens of the United States
as there was before the war. That is to say,
dividing the currency, the national bank cur-
rency and the United States notes, by the num-
ber of citizens of the United States, there are
not as many dollars per capita as we had before
the war. There is no surplus of currency I
mean to say; and yet we are doing a business
that requires twice as much currency for the
wants of the country as before the war. I think
if the Senator from Indiana would accept the
proviso I suggested yesterday it would meet the
case: let these notes be retired into four per
cent, bonds if anybody wants to do it; but
allay any feeling that may be got up in the
country, or any panic, by saying that it shall
not be proceeded with faster than new notes
are issued to national banks.
Mr. MORTON. Strike out this section and
leave the tenth stand. That will meet the
Senator's views exactly.
Mr. POMEROY. Then there will be no
panic about contraction, because the amount
of currency will be the same; and if it is
issued from the national banks the people have
it the same as if they had it in United States
notes.
I am free to confess, however, that I am not
at all alarmed about a great amount of United
States notes going into four per cent, bonds;
there need be no unnecessary alarm about that;
but I would not be open to a contingency even
that would look as though we were regardless
of what I call the highest interests and pros-
perity of the country, by not providing against
anything like a contraction that would lead to
a panic and derange the business interests of
the country. We should provide against that
as much as we should provide for a return to
specie payments.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I do not feel so secure
against the operation of this clause as my
friend from Kansas does or as the Senator
from Ohio evidently does. The most villain-
ous form of stock-gambling that has ever been
invented was invented and has been tried sev-
eral times by those very enterprising gentle-
men who go into the market and borrow
money to lock up forpurpose of produc-
ing a contraction of" the circulation, bringing
on a stringenef, and affecting and lowering
prices. Fifteen million dollars borrowed and
locked tip two years ago in New York pro-
duced a panic throughout the country. Now,
what did those gentlemen do? They either
owned the money or they borrowed it and
paid interest for it, and they did that to affect
prices. Under your bill here, if the same
operation was thought desirable, those-gentle-
men have only to get their greenbacks and
put them into the Treasury, and they get four
per cent, interest instead of having them lying
by as dead capital.
Mr. SHERMAN. How would they get the
greenbacks back again to engage in specula-
tion?
Mr. HOWE. They cannot repeat that oper-
ation over and over again, to be sure; but
once they make it and make it at a profit of
four per cent, over what it is possible to make
now. In other words, by these very provis-
ions the Government puts itself in the situa -
tion of a borrower of money, not for the pur-
pose of use, but to lock it up to affect prices.
